Oh bonus round slow if you're gonna do it right one more one more one more one more one more don't go anywhere Hey folks, I'm Dr Mike this is Jared Feather I have been pro and this here's Blake Blake is 10 weeks out of the J-Cutler Classic Bodybuilding Competition and a few more weeks after that out from probably the USA's in July and He already has arms that are quite large, but this morning he looked at his arms in the mirror and he thought This is not big enough. I'm gonna call Jared. Jared's gonna call Mike. We're gonna get in here I got Scott the video guy to get an RP video of Blake's arms being physically torn from his body through weights You in for it. Oh, yeah, my man Jared what do you think? It's good. He's like he said already gigantic arms. He's gonna show us how to train arms Today the manager is my learning Twenty-two years old I was 23 years old back in 1866 folks. Let's get started Let's lock it out really quick up top up and then as your elbows Try to keep the hands yeah, you want to bend them towards your hips. Yep keep them in and just touch your chin Oh shit yeah slow on the way down and quick on the way up. All right Blake is starting out with triceps Then we're gonna do some biceps and triceps and biceps gonna be a giant arm best First exercise is the barbell spell pressure But cues here to keep the elbows flush into your body To come down with your elbows traveling down towards your hips as you bend now this way This way totally cool the max variance causes elbow pain a bit more frequently than bending the elbows in is gonna be in close tight slow on the way down and with his arm length and ratio Looks like his chin is a great for a certain portion of his body to touch and then come back Slow on the way down back. We're in multiple sets and then we're gonna after another exercise The way we warmed up was like the bar for 12 95 pounds for eight one 15 for three three to four reps there. That's a really good progression forming up normal rest time between all the warmups and Blake has already done 115 for three We know it's a good weight. We know he can handle it now he's gonna do it for sets of well time to 15 to the primary work sets Normal rest time in between all of these Yes, there's a time for all kinds of drops at supercices Set or don't worry we get to that later in the workout, but the first exercises Generally should be moderate rotation range nice and heavy because you are fresh enough to impose that much tension through your muscles Later when you're not fresh you can do all of the tap muscles We can switch Yes, couple more I'm right here with you Okay, but those that was Push push push I'm late. Well This is really good too. I've a dead skull pressure in the walk. It's a weird exercise 115 pounds for set of eight we want a little bit more repetitions so we are going to do 95 pounds for the remaining three sets There you go Simple touch of the bottom leg control the whole time Yes, make it hard no Push up and forward Yes How was it slow control that shit? Push Go Was that Okay, okay, again Fast to switch man of all time Well, there's a big ass tricep so I must tell you you things though. They're non-sensical And I have big triceps. So all right, well, thanks. Thanks for your time Push that way Yes Slow control Push Good one more slow control Yes, yes, like you are fucking not let's do this shit push it Go 115 for set of eight 95 for set of eight 95 for set of six This is a fast switch boy. He's getting tired real quick. So we have to accommodate We are going to reduce the load even further to get him back into that Rep range more targeting which is sets of 10 to 15 hopefully will get at least 10 here with 65 pounds That'll be set for last set and then move on to the next tricep exercise You've got to make sure you stay in that rep range you decide it now Could you go all the way down to sets of five totally? But if you want to be on a certain rep range because you want a certain stimulus with the T-grade Sure you find exists while that rep range. Yes, you have to reduce the load and he's resting in normal time These are not drop sets when the camera's off we're here two or three minutes and it's just big muscles Fast-bridge crazy asshole must like this you've tired real fast. We have to accommodate Probably somebody showed up the fucking work today, huh? Let's go. Oh, yeah My man Help those in Public in One more go One Eight hit a front get some more Boss my skill in the last time I got a good blood shape, bro. Fuck happening there guys try something. Yep fall script fall script so thumbs thumbs like this. Yep. This guy's built for it. Okay, so we want you to slowly descend just like skull crushers. As deep as you can all try fucking crazy stretch right here. I need to put this thing lower. Yes beautiful. That's exactly what we want to know. These are going to be supersetted after your over-ide extensions. Keep your butt up. Look forward. Yes just like that. Yep. Yep. Look forward. Sink in down with your elbows flush to your sides. As deep as you can go. And up. And slow and pause. And up. Flack out. Slow and pause. And up. Break. Stop. Oh that's a week fine. Very fine. Very fine. I may ask you at some point if you can't do enough reps regular to drop to your knees which I'm sure you state your day job. That's a whole blow job joke here. And I got it bro. Blake is big and strong. He's technically as well connected with his muscles. He knows what to do. He's super coachable and cute. Which means he's only going to get two of each exercise. Two tries to set two by set. This is realistic. He's actually a body-real champion. We're not here to try to fry his muscles completely off his body. Pointlessly leading to more damage than a growth. So we're going to do another four sets. This time it's going to be a superset style. Overhead cable tries to extensions. Super set two deficit pushups from dumbbells. This is going to rig. Foric I'm trying to swear last maybe. Fuck. That's right. Here's try steps. Big time they're going to be useless and then we move on to the buys for the guys. Set's of 10 to 20 hopefully on the overnight extension. Set's of at least five on the pushup. If it doesn't work if he's too fucked up. We have to go to his knees. Many of you are familiar with that. So from your day jobs. I'm sorry. But honestly it's a great leverage to get more reps out. Watch for his technique. Watch how diligent he is at keeping his elbows in. And how slowly he enters in to that mass of tricep stretch with his mass of tricep. Lots of amazing tips. So pick up from this video. Don't ever completely mock somebody's technique or completely copy it. But yeah this is fun to close. Yes slow slow. Deep one more. Go. Yes again slow. Deep you got one more Blake. That's fucking get after it. Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go and then slow is if you're gonna do another but don't slow slow slow pause. Rack go go go go go go go right into pushups. Oh shit yeah. Full lock out to mother fucker. Let's go. Full lock out yes down slow. Let's go let's go. This children you don't fucking swear. Good one more deep deep press out. Go lock. How do you usually train your arms? I just feel like try it. All tonight tries the bise. Okay I usually do like whole exercises for each or four for total. Four for each. Well today you're only going to do eight sets total for each of them. But we won't you won't need much more. No I'm fucking sure. It's like tell us the world. Yeah you try a set two more sets and they're already done. So everything now is overkill. Yeah. Lean into the paint. It's not going anywhere. You are here to collect the fucking paint. The paint means growth. Yes one more. I was in and back. I didn't think so. In and back strong lock out. Wow. Yes. That's it for another. One more let's go. Yeah fuck yeah fuck yeah. Your charge let's go. Oh. Oh block it. Oh yes. That was if you're going to do another elbows in slow. Slow. Slow do not let go. Do not let go. Do not let go. Relax. Fuck yeah. It's shit right away. Good. Two more. Oh yeah. All day. One more. Yes. These. Let's get live here. Oh yeah. The same thing. Explode out. Slow down. Deep. Explode. Slow. Deep. Explode. Oh. Good. Slow. Slow. Control. Deep. Explode. Slow. Control. Control. You're in charge. Oh, my. Deep. We came here for the pain blade. Up. One more. Let's go. So we ended up trying to set up to the strap. Everything you have in your fucking body. Up. Up. Yes. Oh yeah. I'm good sure. Oh. Dude, let's get it. Oh, that's good. Let's get the fucking man. Folks. People ask, what does it take to get on the R.P. channel, the train, the knock mic, Jared, and stuff like that? Or what are you guys looking for? We're looking for two things. Have good technique and fucking try. Yeah, he's asked big arms and all that shit. He knows first two things. Are going to take his big arms and make them fucking bigger than ever. Because that's what it takes great technique. He never broke down his technique. And he tried hard enough to not be able to push himself up off the ground. I don't need time for biceps. Hey guys, I want to take a minute to tell you about our team full-run membership. You get six programs every six weeks. So depending on how many days we do train, what muscle groups fits that you would like to do. If you are specialized, we're generalized. We haven't for you any time that you do. If you need any sort of diet, we have five different diets. We have a muscle gain diet. We have a main insight. A fat loss diet. And two different many kinds of options. A three week and a six. If you want to ask your question. One way is to type it into the form and someone including myself and I feed pro-Gereon feathered. We'll get back to you. There are also weekly lives. You submit your questions to be answered. And myself and Gerard do weekly life to get everyone's questions answered in that form every single time. If you have a question about your squat technique, about how to program your next diet or training, anything that you needed all we've got. You've covered. So come join us today. And I'll see you guys there. 4 sets of tri-sets done with skull crushers. 4 sets of tri-sets, super sets are really like six effectively sets of tri-sets done with the overhead extension supersets of the push-ups. Blake's tri-sets are done. That's essentially 10 hard ass. The aim basically to failure working sets. That's it. Lights out. By set time, our first exercise is going to be an easy bar curl. Watch for Gerard Feather's technique instruction. He's going to be focusing on bringing the elbows in. I'm opening up the bicep at the bottom for a big stretch and following the natural arching motion of the curl. That shit works. It's not the only way to train biceps, but it is one of a few very, very effective ways. We're going to be doing sets of eight to 12. Probably here for Blake. He seems like they kind of got the V-in-Vet source shift. And then after that, we're going to do another final bicep exercise. The four sets here. Let's get it done. Double storage is here. Come on, one more. Control. Chest up. The entire time. Good. One more. Come on Blake. You got a tri-a little bit today. Yes. Slow. Chest up. Stretch. Stretch. Back. Go to that about 10. Do you count? I don't know. 10 it is. Probably about 10. Okay. The max three sets. We are going to ask you to do 10 reps for all three sets. Bonus is if you fail, you can put the bar down and rest for like 10 whole seconds or 15 seconds. I'll go a bit. And then go again and tell you get to 10 and then you get a full two minutes rest. Sound good? All right. Take your time for the next set. We are no rush. Pushmen. Every rep needs to feel like that at the top and if it doesn't, it's not right. So go down slow from here. That was in. Yes. You got the same time. Yes. Exactly. Pushmen. Just push him up. Peak, right? Pushmen. Pushmen. Yeah, I know. Pushmen. Blower. Pushmen all the way down. Let's stretch. I don't care if you get fun. This got to be perfect reps. Bored. Good. One more. Down slow. Down slow. Slow. Slow. Chest up. That was in. That was in. That was in. Come on. Go. All right. That was six, so far. So far. You got four more. Yes. Nice. Down slow. Down slow. Last perfect rep. Fight those elbows in the whole time. Don't lean back too much. Fight the elbows in. And then up. And nothing. As if you're going to do another slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Control. Control. Rapp. Fuck. I'm going to throw up. That was a hit. My man. Do you want to crash going to throw up into? Yeah, grabbing one. I don't think I'm going to. Stop. Step right. Ah. Five. One more. Let's get six here, man. That wasn't quite it. Fight it. Good. Slow. Let's do seven and then rest. Chest up. Slow. Slow. Ah. Slow. Slow. Ah. That's rested out and get three. Nice 15 second long rest and then three good ones. There you go right there. How was it? Push him and push him in. Ah. Control. Rapp like I'll do this by steps. Yes sir. There. Slow. Ah. Sit. Three. If you're going to do it right one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, I'm going to wear. Let's get back in the fight. One more good one man. No bullshit technique today. Stand straight up elbows in. Perfect. Fucking Rapp. Yes. Yes. Close it up. Slow is if you're going to do another one. Slow. Resist. Resist. Resist. Resist. Resist. Rapp. Oh my god. Shit. Oh. Holy. Oh. Oh. Dude. Oh. Well, seriously, we have more biceps left to do. I know. We'll figure it out. Last exercise of the day, inclined dumbbell curls. I'm going to see what he has left. We'll see what kind of set reps can plays out. Forset, probably. I'm going to order regularly the Rapp to see where he's comfortable and take him mildly out of that comfort zone. The key here with this exercise is to stay nice and upright and to really let your biceps stretch at the bottom. And then a nice peak contraction at the top with a slow, eccentric control. The stretch back here, the inclined curl pulls the bicep out this way. Pre-stretching it. It's kind of like the stiff leg and that left pre-stretching. Your hamstrings. That is something that really, really, really hits the bicep on a very special way. And if you haven't tried it in your program before, give it a shot. Blake has a shirt on these before, but he sure has not been like we're about to do him. Let's get him to it. Couple more. Couple more. Couple more. Couple more. Let's get the dumbbells together. Let's do 12. Two more. Right away. Yes. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Slow. Slow. Get ready for the specs one. Yes. Yes. Yes. Slow. Slow and wrap. You got two extra. So only eight on your next set. Easy next set. Okay. Let's explain something strange. Blake has arguably 21-inch or bigger muscular arms. How the hell is he only using the 20s on this exercise? I'm sure you've done the 20s at home for a set of 10. What explains this? Well, for her stability was fresh. He could have done maybe the 40s. Okay. Different world. So he's really beat up, which makes sense. Another thing is that muscle architecture, the way the muscle is shaped, where it inserts and originates by a small fraction on the bone. In tons of neurological factors, how much your nervous system, how much muscle contraction, play a role in strength generation. Somebody significantly less jacked looking in that regard, arms-wise. For example, somebody like Joe Sullivan. Way stronger. It doesn't look as strong. Generally, the bigger your muscles are the stronger you are. There are absolutely exceptions in a huge spectrum of variables. So Blake actually got really lucky. He doesn't need to beat the shit out of his joints to get incredible workout for his muscles. It brings me to our next point. Let's do the next set. All the way up. Yes. Seven. All the way down slow. Eight. One big. All the way up. All the way up. All the way up. Yes. Slow. As I've found other. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. And wrap. That is the workout. What do you think? Good. Yeah. That's probably not a while. No way. Are your arm workouts typically this in tons? Yeah. I train my arms hard when I'm the way you're under-ground. Okay. I don't like the super-constraight movements of shit. They don't bodybuilder. You know. Hopefully you know. You're wound your way to be in bigger, but less dumb. Yeah. I will definitely encourage myself in my training now. I'll do some good exercises. Do you have any thoughts? Any tips for the people at home who watch 21 in charms? But are not either our meeting or entertains on your arm sessions. You're going to have 21 in charms. It's ridiculous. Yeah. I'll end up in done five sets to go. Yeah. This is in times for severe ends. Folks, good tech bee and a shitload of effort. Wherever your genetics are, that'll make sense. It'll give you the best possible results. Until next time, see you next time.