Go, finish, finish, finish, finish, finish. Finish. Finish. Finish. Question. When you guys go somewhere, you go alone? I don't. I only go places with my European bodyguards. And yeah, they both have PhDs. Doctor, sports science. Doctor, sports science. Me, I'm Doctor Mike Giffin-Chelter from Renaissance Predensation. This is Milo. This is Pac. They are sport scientists and researchers for real researchers, not like me. They are here to do some working out illustrating the value of partial ranges of motion. What the hell am I saying? There's our world, the T-Full Rom dead. Find out more right now. My PhD is actually on range of motion. Oh, that's right. We found that doing partial repetitions in a length in position. So in the stretch position, like the very bottom of a row, when you're sure the place being pulled all the way through it. That seems to be as good or like a better for a higher pitch fee than a full range of motion. At the very least, something to try out for a higher pitch fee. So in this session, we'll be taking you through some length and walk. Different techniques to emphasize that stretch in your self-right. Because I've seen studies and I've seen smart people like you and the Parker talk about lathe and bias partials. But I'm always like, how does that really look in real training? Like can somebody do some fucking sets to show me how that looks? And maybe give me some good tips and techniques because length and bias for the back might look different for the triceps and for the chest and for whatever. So you guys ready to show me some love? For sure. And she will seem to think that it's quite difficult to integrate partial training. When you're reality, as you'll see now, it's super special. Yeah, but you're Greek and everything you say sounds smart and spokes maybe you're just smarter than everybody. If you know how to page, do you can't do a shift? I'm sorry. Hey, figure. I'd figure is only. You're not making eight figures just sign out. Get out of my DMs. Get out of the general. Let's get to work. What's good? First exercise, primeral. This machine actually allows you to load different ranges. Let's put it on top. It loads that length in that stretch position the most. So what we'll do will do a four-in-jim motion here. But we'll use these loading pins to emphasize that stretch. So if you have a similar machine, you don't have to do partials. You can do a four-in-jim motion and still get the most out of it by simply emphasizing that length and position. In this case, typically what I'll do is load maybe 20 to 30% of the weight in the mid-range on the middle pin and load the rest of the weight in that length in position. So you get kind of the opposite effect of a traditional row where it's really hard and a peak contraction, which likely isn't ideal for growth. In this case, you get the opposite, which means more muscle growth. We're going to go for literally as many reps as we can. Oh, God. Until failure, you guys settle up, too. Yep. You say it, Russia. Oh, oh, oh, yeah. You can finish that wrap. Finish up at the top. Oh, now we're talking. Let's go on the school. All the way. And that's what true failure looks like. But was it really failure? Greek failure. So people asked why not all of the top one. The way this machine is designed, it's weird, because then it's zero load at the top. So you get to the very top and you're like, you can technically take your fingertips and push the handles back of them, and you're going to touch them again. What's some kind of something in the back there? So that weight really works like a counterweight, but at the top it's quite easy. And at the bottom, as you go down, it's weird because you're used to a stretch. But as you go down in this machine with the pins loaded as they are, your stretch is exponential. Essentially, what happens is because it's so easy at the top, if you really try and explode out of that latent position and produce lots of force in that stretch position, it just makes the machine fly. Yes, essentially. And you have to slow down and push that. So you have to slow down and purpose and for a lengthen work, we really want to spend as much time as possible, as much effort as possible, as much effort as possible in that position. So if you don't have any weight in that contract position, it makes you kind of throttle the contraction. And we don't want that. So we want some resistance still in the mid range, then we're short in position, which is the heavy emphasis on that length position. The three people that are on this machine are like, Wow, finally. Yes, yes, yes. You weren't going to be on this machine and you were on a similar chest supported row. You could literally, and I'll do my set as well. You could literally get a big stretch and stop the movement somewhere here. Yep. And that would be pleasant. And we'll have other exercises to illustrate that with later. Two other ways to emphasize that like position, generally control the eccentric the most when you reach into that stretch. Pause at the very bottom in that stretch and then contract forcefully out of it. The second way is if you're going relatively close to failure or two failure even, try and end the set when you fail in the lengthen position. So if you can still get reps in a short and positioned or a four-way motion, keep going. Let me just impart shows at the end of your set. That's really good option, I'm so much. Nice. Go ahead. Yes. Try one more. Oh, oh, you're shit. So, my lowest saying is when you are here and you're squatting, let's say, squat, leg press, hack squat, barbell squat, whatever. When you're doing your k-d's, it's okay to go quickly from here to here. Sorry, but slow down at roughly the halfway point and milk it out to accentuate the center. So, pause, consider pausing, rock it up, finish the rep. Slow. And then if you're doing partials, come up to just where it gets a little easier, slow back down. A lot of people can do the partial, what they don't want to do is right here, you're tired and your quads are pumped and everything sucks. Slow, back down is brutal and it blows. And then when you want to do really take it to the limit and fail at the length and position, that means if you can only come up to here, you just do squats until you can't move and you fall over and you probably die. Yeah. And then life's good. And then you're not there. Yeah. As far as a centric leg goes, if you're doing like a pool four seconds or so, you're probably more than covered as far as that goes. Great point. Yeah. Just for the years to do like, okay, how much? How long? Yes. Is it good always be longer? We can move on to double pullovers. Double pull, ooh brilliant. Really great. Extra, I sure, let's do that. We shall do an amrover and see what gets most reps. So lately my lows and my low and nice, my lows and I. Anyways, our training has been sort of more auto regulated because we've been traveling. But a great way for the intensity to be up and for us to actually push ourselves is to just constantly compete on stuff. As we will now, so I propose we'll go heavier, which I'm not sure about. My low said that this will be plenty. I propose we get married. That's already covered. Wow. Same thing, yeah. Don't rush it. All the other bottom. Beautiful. Go. Yes. That's it. So another way to emphasize that stretch is to pick certain movements over other moves. In this case, if you did a cable pull over, like a cable lat player, you would get a great stimulus. It's a four-ingermotion for lots. A lot of shoulder extension, but the resistance curve is relatively even. You're still training the important position and that's all along good that's your goal. With certain movements, like a bummer pull over, by design, it is already a latent partial. Even if you want to, if you go past here, there's no resistance. It's your only training in that stretched latent position. Even more than that, the hardest part of the lift, the place we have to do is the most tension in your lats, is in that bottom position at low muscle length. And then it gets easier and easier linearly until you get that top position. So both in terms of range of motion and in terms of resistance curve, really solid option for up and down. And we're doing exclusively parses here. So we're not going to be doing the fall bend. Correct? Yeah. You're inch from touching the ground. Want that extra round. Oh yeah, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Go. Finish. Finish. Finish. Finish. Helping safety. Am I right? He has both. The way to manage failure on this exercise is too full. You can go to really what is true failure on this in two ways. One, if you just can't get it up, you just gently go back to your end-rong and just do this. Your arms are sufficiently clear. You've had no one standing around you, the weight drops a couple inches, no big deal. The second way to do it is what he did, which is if you realize that at this point with straight arms you are at concentric failure, you bring the weight closer to you just by little bending your elbows while bringing it up, not only do you go for sure to failure, because you're like, well, I can't do the straight arms, but you use accommodating leverages in order to do a mini mechanical drop set on that last repetition. So it's both safe and meg effective and you know you went to failure, so it's like checking all the box. At least it's okay, let's go. One more. It's cool. You're going to be familiar. You're probably a state, slow, control, pause and explore. Another thing I really like about the Dumb Up over, I was supposed to cable pull over, is that it's quite stable and so reaching failure and gauging failure becomes very easy. Personally with a flat prayer, sometimes it's like, I just shift my hips a little bit that can do something. Hail, it's pretty obvious when you fail, especially if you're reaching your arms out and your elbows are relatively close to lock out. You know, like, for pack on this last set, you actually had an upward, I had an a scent and then a mini decent and he bent his elbows and fish, it finished that rep. There's no way that he could stay outstretched, he would have gotten other rep. That's for real failure. That's what we call this failure and training. Really his technical failure without good technique, continuing, he could not have continued to do it. So I was really really good. So I'm this exercise, we'll be doing integrated partials, integrated partials, fancy term, really just meaning you do a full range of motion up and you do one, two, three partials and then you do another full range of motion up and you just continue in the cycle for the whole set. The reason we do this is two-fold. One on set, next, sizes like the bar dos squat. Just doing length and partials are just a bottom half, isn't very safe because of that last drop when you're really close to failure. You may try and get a full breath to be able to re-rack it afterwards, but you may fail. And so for those exercises, just doing making partials isn't advised. However, if we just did partials at the end of the set, you'd get maybe one to three partials. You wouldn't get that many partial reps and thus the emphasis of the set wouldn't really be on a stretch anymore. It would still just be basically a four-inj motion set. But by sandwiching in a four-inj motion rep, some partials, a four-inj motion rep, some partials. What we're able to do is accumulate more length and partials and get a greater emphasis on that stretch. Let's go, go technique. Elbows to the sky and then slow. She purchased up the whole time, once we went. You got for sure two partials. Yep. Just up the whole time, let's go. One more partial at least. Go. Fuck yeah. Yeah. Oh, you got more. Halfway. Yep. Another one, halfway. Yep. Let's do this, Milo. One partial for the road. That was good. That was really good. Very nice machine. Awesome machine. Awesome machine. Yeah. It's so smooth. Very smooth. How do they do it? I don't know. And it already feels like it's emphasizing that stretch position. Oh, yeah. Yeah, relative to most machines I've used. Still better in the final. That's a failure. And here's really a defeated lucky. Farstunderization goes because I see that common being made by people who, I guess, are new to. Partials had long lost length training. As you can see, some, there was some variation between some reps. But it wasn't anything too crazy. And after you do that for a few times, it's pretty easy to set certain points. For references, well, pack a little less experience of Partials Maddo. And this is our first time using the machine. At least based on my experience, performance week to week is very stable, which kind of implies that range of motion is similar, unless I'm just pulling myself into it in the same numbers over and over again. But based on some of the reliability that we have from studies based on mountain experience and client experiences, it is reasonably reliable. So just make sure you pay some attention to a range of motion and you should be in good shape. Go finish. Finish. Finish. Yep. And then slow. You got two more partial. I ain't go shit. Let's stop. Hit it. Shoulder poses. There we go. He big. All right. Cool. He still rolls for the girls. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro body builders? The most effective muscle growth training I've ever made. Get yours now. The pre motion machine is what I believe God actually uses to train on. And so typically you would have the curl situation a look like this, which is dope. But if you want to try this out, you actually start at the bottom of stretch of a fly. Everything is open. This will stretch the fuck out of your chest. So if you do chest and biceps in the same day, it's got a helpful. But if you're doing this on a day in which you don't train chest, it's actually nice stretch out your chest a little bit or blood flow. And then what you do is you simply from full extension curl. Full extension and curl. And the way the angles work with the machine is here. You get crazy stretch, crazy tension. But as you come through here, it's actually very easy. So it's already a lengthened bias exercise. Which is pretty dope. You have a name. It's going to be called the double dildo curl. How could it be called anything? It's a new thing where people name exercise after themselves. I mean, they've been doing that for years, but you see slide modification in the next and it's like the doctor. Oh yeah. This is the doctor idiot curl. Yeah, wait. Yeah. That's how I'm now in in most places in the world. So we're about to do some partials on this. Whenever you're talking about emphasizing the stretch of a variety of ways to do it. On the primer, loading my lengthened position. On the pullover by design, partist in my position. And it's already lengthened partial. On the lateral raise incorporating integrated partials. If you really want to emphasize the lengthened position, especially in exercises where you're not really challenging that lengthened position very well. What you can do to make it more challenging is get more working in that stretch position. It's to simply just do the partial range of motion in the stretch position. That way the whole set is spent at those productive muscle. And you get a lot of tension, a lot of stimulus in that stretch position. Ah, let's go finish. Couple more. Slow big bars. Yep. Yep. Beautiful. Put like I'll do them. Nice. That was a nice exercise man. Thank you. You got this. Three. Three. Let's go. At least one more. I was go goddamnit. Finish. That's it. Nice. That was awesome. Beautiful. Deep stretch pause and explode. At least one more. Let's go. Control control. Full pause. And explode. Let's go. Last one. Let's go. Control control control pause and workout. That's it. Yep. You did it right for a time. There you go. Big brain. Big brain. Pat, who is that on your ship? Is that joggernott or some shit? Here. So it's Thanos, Dr. Doom and Bane. Oh, it's just all bald people you look up with. Yes. Tom Hardy. The CGI guy. And Dr. Doom. Oh, are you serious? Oh, whatever. It looks like a blow job. I mean, I'm saying it. I'm not complaining. Oh, you do it. Beer did Caucasian men. Diamond doesn't. Some people say, but I got special ones. And with tattoos. Where the fuck are your tattoos, man? Torbrio. And 12. Holy shit. So anyway. Hi, I was mom and he's just upgiven on growth hormones. 12 Holy shit. Pack over here. I'm 30. We didn't. Well, the Greek 13. I really agree. You need about 30. You're slightly more hair on your face. Change smoker and then the truck drive on the piece. Yeah. Can I have my face fly? The tracksuit ship is very great. I like it. You're like on the Olympic team maybe, sort of. Yeah. You think I have the hangs around with the hangs around with the hangs around with the guy who's on the Olympic team. That's all of Greece, by the way. Also, we didn't train chess, but the hell happened in your ship? Tom, it got pumped from the bicep stretch, whatever we just did. And the pullovers. Boom. Any words of wisdom on this lengthened partial situation? And I'd say as we briefly mentioned during the video, he got the door, wrap quality, control the eccentric, make sure that you are getting that deep stretch. And that's it. It's not that complicated. It's the equivalent of train hard with a bit of a softened one. A little bit of spice. Let's say main things remain volume intensity. Good technique overall. But a bit more range of motion is always welcome. Every little bit counts. Every little inch. Every little edge counts folks. You think about what that means in your spare time. We'll see you next time. Peace. Peace.