Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pre-Dization. And today's video is about the three pieces of gym gear that advanced bodybuilders have to have, of course, that's a clickbait title. But three pieces of gym gear that I think have huge benefits for advanced bodybuilding. And please make all the inside gear jokes you like in the comments. And boost the algorithm. Here's the deal. First, what is an advanced bodybuilder? It is somebody in my view, the best definition for this I've been able to come up with. Is somebody for whom the basics executed normally, no longer cause reliable gains, for whom even some insights like, oh, I have to start dealing with the start following program, they no longer produce reliable gains. This individual has to have training as well as possible. In order for any gains to be even highly probabilistic, otherwise the default is no gains at all. That's right. You have seen people training for years at your gym. Putting in lots of effort and not seemingly progressing, you could technically call them advanced if they have already done a lot of the basics pretty well, and it's just the nuances they're riding on. Four folks in that situation, nuances matter as far as executing your training. For example, at that point technique has to be personalized, to whatever gives you the best stimulus to fatigue ratio, not somebody else. I got an intermediate, can squat like most people and get decent squat results. An advanced person may have to squat very differently for their own body type, or even a band in squats altogether and search out other better stimulus to fatigue ratio exercise. With nuances like that, it also makes sense that some gym gear stuff you can buy and take with you and you can get a lot of benefits. You can also start to make advantages at the advanced level that are difficult to ignore and unwise to kind of relegate to thinking, wow, you could use this stuff, but you don't have to use it. No, no, this stuff really does pay big dividends, especially for the advanced. First thing, first on that list, is the Versa grip. The Versa grip company, they ignored all my calls and emails. I never called or emailed them, but I did talk to them once at the Arnold, and I was like, hey, I have a following, and I want to rep you guys, I don't need any money, just want to be able to say that real cool. And they're like, yeah, we don't do a brand sponsorship for athletes. Okay, you guys are cool. Anyway, oh look, a train I have to catch, and I ran under the train and committed suicide. So that didn't go so well, but so this is not any kind of sales pitch. I make nothing off of this or anything else real here. Versa grips, Versa grips essentially are the modern version of a lifting strap, and they are categorically better and almost every way. They're all pretty close to magic. If you wrap the Versa grip handle around something and put your hand on top of it, there's a very good chance your entire hand will fall off of the bone before that Versa grip breaks or is let go. All right, or let's go. And because of that major advantage, Versa grips can take back training, deadlift training, any training where you have to pull with the arms, especially shoulder training. How do you do laterals with your regular grip is beyond me, if your shoulders have gotten as strong as most people's shoulders, get in relation to their grip. If your back has gotten as big as strong as it usually will in relation to your grip, if your legs get as strong for stiff leg and deadlift and dumbbell lunges, etc., as strong as the normal people's legs get when they're advanced and relation to their grip, because they're grip gets stronger, but the back and the traps, and the legs for sure often waste strong or muscle groups. If that happens, you can no longer use many exercises without grip becoming the predominant limiting factor. When you're training your back, short of like, flat prayers, and a few other things, your grip may be the only thing you are training very hard after a while. If you get Versa grips, of course you can have regular traps or fine chalk is very good, but Versa grips show me that you are interested in the highest level of grip ability and you're just interested in the really shutting off the limiting factor. You can do machine roads, and it's all just down to your back. Amazing, huge dividends. I can't recommend this product more. If you haven't gotten it, and you tell me your advance, then I see your workouts, you better have the strongest fucking grip of all time. Or you just haven't thought things through. Next, weightlifting belt. Any kind of belt is really good. I prefer the pioneer brand belt, because they have so much customization, and they're really high quality, but other belt companies are fine. Some of them are very good, a weightlifting belt, or a lifting belt in general, does not have to be for the sport of weightlifting. A lifting belt allows you to create a high level of intramodinal pressure in your core and glumber region, which allows you to transduce more of a signal to contract, especially your legs during heavy leg training. And what that does is it just leaks out more ability out of your legs. Now as I begin to, as an intermediate, that probably just doesn't matter that much. And your legs and core will be in ratio, relatively strong enough to each other that you have a core, realistically that can outlift your legs and that's never too weak. But your legs get stronger than your core. We know this because almost every powerlifter at the high level, when it is legal to do so, will wear a lifting belt. The reason for that is pretty simple. The core tends to be a weak link, and if you make it stronger via the addition of a belt, notice you're not making the core stronger itself. You're making the whole system of core plus belt stronger. If you use a belt, you can get more out of your legs. And as a hard lifting lifter, if you're doing hacksquats, if you're doing regular squats, if you're doing good mornings, as a high advanced bodybuilder, you probably are interested in putting out a belt, because it will just maximize what you get out of your glutes, your hamstrings, and your quads at the very least. And if you're going to do any kind of dead lifting, it also keeps your back nice and safe, at heavier loads than you would normally be able to use, which is a really, really big deal. It's a big help. Is it mandatory, of course, but does it make the situation better? Where it actually makes your legs get absolutely higher, raw stimulus magnitude training? Yes. Yes, it sure does. Will it make your core weaker to wear a belt? Yes. But only if you wear a belt, and never increase how much weight you're lifting, above what you could have done without a belt. If you can squat to 25 for 10 without a belt, this you put on a belt and squat to 25 for 10. Never go above the 20 or 30 extra pounds of belt can let you lift for the same reps. Then yeah, sure, shit, your core will get weaker the belt will remain, and that it'll be harder to squat to 25 for 10 without a belt in a few weeks. Why the fuck would you do that? You put on the belt so you can go and get stronger in your legs, and now you can squat to 40 with a belt for 10s, to 25 for 10 without a belt. Without a belt, we'll still feel weirder, and for a few weeks you'll be weaker, just because you've learned to use the belt so well. With the underlying strength and size of the core musculature, we'll continue to go up if you use a belt, if you challenge yourself. So if you ever want to take the belt off, you know, feel weird to use it, no belt squats for a while, but then very shortly within several weeks, literally, two or three, you will be as strong as you ever were without a belt. Amazing. Lastly, number three, are weight lifting shoes. These are shoes for the sport of weight lifting. They have a heel and an easy slow ramp, that ends at about three quarters of an inch, to one and a quarter inch typically at the end. In the heel itself, these shoes allow for a huge amount of stability in leg training movements. They allow a ton of friction between whatever it is you're standing on and the shoe itself. And because they have that ramp situation, the actual heel lift, you get two things out of it. One is you can now go much deeper with all sorts of pressing and squatting movements and get your quads at better stimulus. And can commentantly, you don't have to lean forward as far because your ankle mobility is now higher, because of that heel, so you can actually take stress off of the back and put it into the quads, amazing. And also, you have the ability now in many more situations with a deeper range of motion to continue to press through your heels, and your front of your feet. And as you can press through the whole foot, you can lift more weight, activate more faster switch motor units, and get bigger and stronger. They're very for sure. So weight lifting shoes, not only put your quads into the best possible position to get torched, because they allow your knee to have more flexion with less of your back inflection. So they allow you to go deeper and provide more profound forces. They essentially allow you to expose your quads, but put in them and have them in a weaker position, but a more challenging position for them. But at the same time, the weight lifting shoes arm your quads with the ability to be super stable and pressed through the heel, which is kind of the ultimate in engineering the best possible leg training. When you put on weight lifting shoes versus not having used them, you take any hackswatt leg press, regular free squat, and turn it into a movement we were like, hold the shit, I'm getting a lot deeper. This is hard, but also this feels smooth as fuck, and I feel fucking strong. The best possible combination you could ever say. I will say how people train their quads at a high level without weight lifting shoes is beyond me entirely, but then you look at how a lot of ice-beaproast, quote unquote, train their quads, and you could really improve the shit out of the training if you showed them how to use weight lifting shoes and proper technique. Now, those three things, I think, if you're an advanced lift or you should highly consider, does that mean you should stay away from these tools as a beginner or an intermediate? No. But what I would say is, you can get a lot without them. They do cost money, they do wear down, you'll have to replace them. And the best reasoning I have for you is, give me a compelling reason why you need these tools, and I will say it's a good idea to get them, for example. If you're a beginner and you never have grip as a woman in problem, my and fucking gods and AMD, you need verse of grips. Fact, checked, problem solved. Weight lifting belt. If your legs are on fire, they're getting sore for five days in a row, you're still getting stronger, you never have an issue where you're like man. If I had belt, I'd get sure I should more lift more with my legs, and my weak course keep me away from being able to have stronger legs. That's the start of thing. Up until most people get most women get beyond two plates on the squat for full depth, and most men get beyond three plates on a squat. A lot of times for most people, a belt isn't even just that. Like doing a whole lot of nothing, just sitting there. And weight lifting shoes is one of these things, where you could get pretty early, but they're pretty expensive and have a requirement, big investment. So if you've been lifting for like six months or a year or a year and a half, and you really love the process, and you know you're not going to quit anytime soon, yeah, I would get weight lifting shoes is totally fine. And also it pays to just have a situation where you don't really overinvest in this shit, it's like a lot of people lie to you in it all, rate lifting shoes, and then you just don't lift anymore. That's just sad. And weight lifting shoes really pay their big dividends, once you're bigger and mobility is a little bit harder, and you're lifting really, really high loads, so they're super technique stuff is important. And also when you're constrained to variations that don't include squatting, like leg presses and squats, the squats are too axially loading for you, then weight lifting shoes pay huge dividends, but if you can do a decent barbell squat without weight lifting shoes, you can for years get bigger and bigger and bigger in your legs, and not have to buy weight lifting shoes because their benefit will be instant, but it will be really small. And you can offer the $200 that they cost. Now you can get weight lifting shoes for 70 bucks. That's all good and well, but just making sure I'm speaking to the general audience member here, like yeah, again, if there's a compelling reason, definitely buy it. When you're in your intermediate years, you may start to develop these compelling reasons, and slowly buy up the stuff, so by the time you aren't advanced lifter, you already have them. I'm not saying when you turn advanced, whatever you have your fifth advanced birthday party and balloons and stuff, you have people beat with a piata baseball bat. That's what you do to clowns, they think, once you get through the piata, you turn your attention to the clown, but you don't have the no more eye cover. Put it on the clown, time up, not just kidding. But maybe clowns are terrible. Don't just turn advanced and then buy these things. As an intermediate, you'll discover like, okay, I really fucking need verse of grits. My grip is just huge when in fact, I need a belt, and I would like some weight lifting shoes. So by the time you enter advanced, you're already rolling with all these things. Folks, give that some thought. Like, comment, subscribe, whatever, and see you guys in the comments below.