There's a ton of beef between Kendrick Lamar and Drake, but there's more beef around the Glen on Humorl joint of a Jared Feather, IFB pro, is favorite top. Delta exercises for your side gains begin right now. All right, what's up everybody? So my first exercise that I'm picking is one that you probably don't see me due to often, but I will program a lot of clients. The free motion front raise, where you're kind of starting with the cables behind you, is an amazing front tilt exercise. I program it a lot for tons of female clients. You aren't doing a lot of pressing in the gym. If somebody has weak front delts, the only way I really tend to program their front tilt training is with more isolated variations of the front tilt. Like you can't do military pressing and stuff, especially if you're packs in your triceps, need a little bit of extra work, but you're trying to emphasize the front delts. Feel free to military press. But I think you can do a better job of isolating the tissue and doing some form of a front raise. I think that the free motion station here is the one front tilt exercise I'll put on this list. Simply for the fact that when you start with the cables behind you, you get way more of a stretch. And I think that I had to put a front tilt exercise on this list just because people are going to be like, well, we're the front tilt exercises. This is a damn good one. The horns are growing. Why you got to hate? Why you got to hate? You raised me. I know. Look, people. Front raises are dope. Jared Spotong. If you're going to want to add front tilt volume, you might not want to add it in the most fatiguing way possible, which is the standing barbell press, followed by standing dumbbell press, followed by seated barbell press, followed by seated dumbbell press. It really is a high fatigued exercise. It's great for stimulus, but not just for front delts, for triceps as well in front of her packs. For a lot of the female clients, Jared trains they're judged very much on their delts, but they don't want them to have triceps or excessively large. They don't want them to have huge upper packs. And so for them, this exercise is super, super critical. So this is a little bit more of a scalpel, rather than a hammer that really focuses on your front delts. My front delts on an half the train was I had literally fake front delt material scalpel did. It wasn't Guatemala. That where we went. The guy was a doctor. I don't know. There was like crickets and stuff around. I did it without being put under. It was tough, but not my front delts, they're big. So if you are doing the front raise variation, you could also use cuffs keeping your thumbs facing up. We have actually done many variations. And I do this often. You'll see at the end that have a cable faceable variation that hits a couple of the delt muscles. If you do the variation where your palms are facing down and you do this, you're getting a lot of front delt of all, and especially coming out here. But it is an awesome lateral del exercise too. And because I train my lateral delts, rear delts, probably four times a week, I tend to do that. I'll have variations like face pulls or upright rows where you are hitting some of the other muscles that you're getting the traps involved, you need to be red delts involved. So this one, if you are a female who's training lateral delts and you need to hit front delts as well, like on my female clients, I say, or somebody with a weak front delts, of course. And you still want to hit lateral delts that day. This is a totally awesome variation because you're hitting both pretty well. But if you are literally just trying to isolate that front delt, putting the thumbs up to the ceiling and cuffs even better almost. I'll make sure you have some straps on our straps right now. But hitting them like this, you're going to get a lot more front delts taking a little bit of a less or more of the delt muscle that you're out of it rather than just using front delts like this. All right, my second variation for delts is the upright row. I keep upright row variations in four more lateral delts training. Basically half of the last 14 years, which is my entire training career. A lot of people say they don't like them. They're an amazing lateral delt exercise. Overall, for the muscle structure surrounding the delts, great trap involvement as well. If you'd like, oftentimes people run into this situation where they do start to train with lots of frequency for the lateral delts. And if you're doing a lot of lateral delt variations, machine lateral raises, dumbbell lateral raises, especially some people tend to get issues with their elbows because you're always holding the dumbbells and machines out here. And especially if you don't have cuffs, this can become a pretty big issue for elbow tend to not use things that nature also the movement pattern. So damn similar like this. So I like this for variation just for a penasionally angle changes and things like that, just the way that you're actually targeting the tissue getting a little bit of extra trap involved in it. Because I got shitty traps anyway, and I don't think anybody has two big traps. Making sure you have your versus on. Good call, my doctor, Mike. Keeping one or two of these variations and for messes like for me is kind of like how I like structure it. Couple lateral raises variations, couple upper variations, maybe a cable, faceful variation. But the upright row is one of my all time favorite, just especially on a cable. I'm done with your shit today. I got some of your shit. You're done, okay. Okay, son. No, dad. I want me to go because when you got laid off of the factory, yeah, who is there to take care of it? Your face was there. And I've made with my face. You sure did. A lot of folks will ask questions about what kind of bar to use, where to stand with respect to the machine and how to art the trajectory. And really, that's one of these human variations is so wide. Situation that the answer to the question is try a bunch of them. See which one's work and you're not looking just for the perfect one. There's going to be a bunch that works. Sometimes if you stand a little bit behind the machine. As you pull, you have to pull back as well as up and engages the posterior side of your lateral delts, even your rear delts a little bit. That's really nice. You can stand closer to get the full elbows up. In fact, if you liken it, it's pure side delts at that point. You can use a straight bar. You can use a slightly curvy bar. You can use hypothetically all sorts of attachments. Really the question to ask is how do my wrists feel? How do my elbows feel? How do my shoulder joints feel? Am I getting a good kind of stimulus tension and stretch and pump and burn into side delts that are targeting? And also how much am I being forceful? Like, how much weight I can lift in this facility? The rule is flat, but do I really feel like I'm recruiting everything? Your wrists and elbows might feel fine in the script. They don't hurt, but you just don't feel like you're activating a whole lot. If you feel like you're really doing something, a wider grip could work, a narrow grip could work, and everything in between. They're supposed to every part of upright rowing, including how high you're pulling. There's nothing wrong with pulling just to your nipples. Matter of fact, I'm just going to cut myself off. Then pulling to your clavicles is cool, pulling to your chin, nose, eyes, and you can do the James Hoffman where you can pull above your head. That actually is a ball of variation. You should try unless your shoulders were bullied at school a lot. Just never recovered. To my points about the grip and variation you use, I am pretty good with a close grip on these. The wider I go, the worse it feels to my delts. The easy bar attachment here also feels a little better for my wrist. So I can get a pretty close grip slightly holding onto these, the groove part here on the easy bar attachment. And I can get pretty high as well. So if this is as high as you feel, you can get without your shoulders hurting or elbows or anything that's fine, I'm able to get pretty high on these, especially when I use that closer grip, experiment with your grip with, experiment with the attachment. And if you can get through a larger engine motion without pain, it's probably a little better. So if the close variation with the easy bar attachment allows you to get here and the straight bar wider grip allows you to get here. Try this out for a little bit. See how it feels. If you don't have any joint pain, it's probably good to go. If over the course of a couple of mesocycles you can experience and joint pain. You don't have to take them out entirely, but you can experiment with different variations. The next variation that I like to do, and this is probably one of my all-time favorites, is the cream motion y-rays. There are tons of ways to do these. So if you don't have some people lying down, I see them do behind the body. I've seen them do without crossing the cables, I see them with crossing the cables from this height. This is probably my favorite height to do from, and I also like to cross the cables in front of me. It's a very awesome stretch for the lateral delts, and it's one of the only variations where you can actually come all the way across your body and get the full stretch for that lateral delts. So this is a variation you can include a lot of intensity techniques with like length and partials and things of that nature. So this variation, just one of my all-time favorites, especially whenever you're getting somebody really deep in a contest prep and you want to take a little bit of stress off the elbows, because you can, in fact, use these cuffs yet again. Give these a shot if you've never done them. The y-rays is a really bad exercise, and they're all kinds of different types of y-rays as you can do. The biggest thing in a y-rays generally is getting that huge stretch across the body and getting the full range of motion on the exercise. So a lot of people will ask us about this, but do I need to change which cable is in front between sets? So if you like, you can readjust, take this cuff off, put this cable over the top, whatever. It's not a huge deal to be honest, but if it is something you want to track and using something like, let's say the RPA Perchree app, you can make notes about that. If you're that concerned with it, I assume you're okay with thinking, note about it. So just set one, right cable underneath, set two left cable underneath, that's how I would track it. So again, not inherently necessary. One, dealt might be getting out in front of the other a little bit, but to be honest, they're both getting crazy. I'm good stretch here. So just for your sake and for neuroticism sake, feel free to switch them up between the sets. Quick tip on the free motion, y-rays is when you cross streams like they hold us and goes, boss does not to do. And in some more camp when you're kind of pee with each other, what? The might snag a little bit, but the way to deal with that often is to back up a little bit more out of the machine that helps. You might also have to cut your arm at the bottom and just come down to hear if you come across, they'll snag. We're just flying to where a good spot is for you before snag occurs, and then go from there. That's my only tip. The geodd described this so well, I have nothing else to add. I've never had much to add, really. I've just been grifting on YouTube. Next exercise that is in my top five favorites for the lateral delts or the delts would be the dumbbell lateral raise. Dumbal lateral raise is just an exercise that everybody has basically access to. A lot of room gyms, a lot of people have plenty of fitness style gyms or gyms that don't have free motion stations. I have really fancy machine, slatter machine, things like that. I have kept lateral raises with the dumbbell in for a very long time as well, unless I'm having some sort of like elbow issues at the time. There are tons of variations you can do that include just doing a regular dumbbell lateral raise, full range of motion, all the way up. Super arm laterals, pauses. You can even do a variation where you keep tension on them. You don't go all the way down because there's not what happened down here. So I'm just going to show you guys the generic dumbbell lateral raise. Maybe a few cues like you can be able to do. But definitely one of my all time favorites. Dumbal lateral raises, amazing exercise. Just watch the swinging and make sure you're using full range of motion. These are your stuff of variation applies to all sorts of lateral raises here. Some folks like to point their pinkies up a lot and come all the way to the side and really even like back behind themselves. Narlie for rear and side dos. Probably don't want to go to high, it feels wack in the shoulders right here as an excellent movement. You can get a little bit more parallel and come a little bit more to the side rather than back. Generally stopping right about here. If you like, you can keep your palms down to the ground same way. Come up to the front here and then a little bit out front like this. And then you can stop here, but you can also do the super rom-ladderals. So when people say, you know, where should my wrist be, where should my shoulders be, which way should I arc. The answer is generally like as long as you're not pointing your thumbs up. That's really front delts. If you're pointing your palms down or even pinkies up, any variety of back to side to slightly front. You know, people call this the scapula playing works and any range of motion works, including a super rom-range motion. A range of motion that goes just to below parallel and even my one of my personal favorites, just above parallel for a one second hold and then a slowies enter back down. The next variation on my top five favorites for delts is a modification to the cable face pool. The notice was different attachment. You'll notice that I'm kind of at eye level here. This variation is cool because most people don't have weak rear delts. You get a lot of rear deltraining with your back and similar to the first variation I showed you with front delts. You can modify this such that you're getting the rear delt hit really well, especially on the stretch because of some of the tips that I'll share here. But you can also get more lateral delton involvement because you're trying to train those lateral delts a little more frequently in your programs. This one's really cool to just hack onto an end up a program. I especially like this variation for myorips and super sets. So doing the face pool this way and going into a super set we're doing a regular face pool can really fry the rear delts a ton. And you'll have a nice lateral delt hit there at the end and then the myorips really mess me up on this exercise. You can use your straps. You don't have to use your straps. I use attachment for specific purpose. There's a V here and similar to the cable that people use generally the rope. It gets this out of the way. You're not smashing yourself in the forehead because whenever I do this you'll see how it looks. There's one more tip that I want to share with you guys. So Scott maybe if you can come see the cable. Just people don't really think about this too often. When I'm doing this variation. If I let the eccentric come down here. I'm running into a situation where I'm actually taking tension off the delts and I'm allowing the cable to pull up this way. There's like no tension on this. It's just kind of coming this way. I'm lifting this up intentionally because I'm trying to keep tension on my rear delts the whole time in my delts. So if I can resist the cable pulling me down just the tad it's a lot better for the eccentric action here. You're going to run into a situation where you do the rep and it's starting to get really hard and the set of staying up here and staying into the rep and really leaves that stretch. You'll see people go like this. Oh yeah, that's nice because it's easier. So if you can really take the eccentric slow, come back and do it and then keep the cable high, high, high get the stretch on the rear delts. That's going to feel a lot better. So a lot better a lot worse. But so watch the cable make sure it's under the proper height. You can just set it down one lower if you'd like because you're going to lean back a little bit. But it's for me, this about like chin height the cable is because I know that I'm going to lean back a little bit. But really take that cue into consideration because oftentimes when people do the eccentric phase on a lift, they speed it up. They try to get other muscles involved because it's getting super hard. But here, I mean, Mike say all the time on the channel lean to that pain, lean to the stretch. That's how you do that on this exercise. This is what I call a hard implement. So I'm a solid to it. So I'm going to get the job done on prom night fellas. But it didn't call me Mr. Flapian high school for no reason. I should boy out here. Yeah, like that. And while I always packed the size and it was black. That's curiously enough, similar shape. My shits lie exactly this way, the whole. The reality of the matter is not in that's true. However, rope phase poles are dope because they can accommodate a different angle up front and behind. They allow you to open up your elbows at the back. Some folks will love this kind of fixed attachment. A lot of people like the rope for the phase poles. Really, it's your call 100% experiment and give it a shot. Another thing that you guys will see me do is I like to do my phase poles. You'll eliminate it in the back almost entirely and really prioritize in the side don'ts. So what I'll do is I will lower this implement all the way down to about hip height. And I'll pull from there, just my favorite variation. But there are no wrong answers. Anything between hip and head and even just above head height is really really good idea to try. The last thing you notice how I did the reps. The way that we're doing these and set of just coming here and pulling straight to the eyes. To get the lateral delts involved, you're actually moving the elbows up and back out of the way like this. So this is rear and lateral delt. You're hitting both at the same time. Whereas yeah, maybe you're hitting a little more lateral delt and tears in the traps and all the rhomboids and stuff like this. Like a road to the eyebrows. We're trying to attack the rear in the lateral delts on this exercise. So if you can pull this up and back like this, keep that cable tension high here. You're going to get a lot more out of the exercise. It's going to be harder. You're going to use less weight. All the good stuff that we reach. Give it a shot. Is that fine? No. No, it's just higher. Just probably about 5-10. No, it's fine now. 5-10? I'm putting it. But we're eye to eye. I'm not taller than him right now. Folks, that's all we have for you today, Jared. Thank you for putting the D in delts. Yeah, that was a great. And those are just 5 that I like. I believe you put on top 5 videos as well. Go check that out because it's really good as well. I think we have some different variations in there. But no wrong answers on lateral delt training. Besides the wrong answers, you can't do squats for lateral delts. You don't screw it up. Yeah, don't screw it up. I really like these at the time of filming this. Maybe I'll find ones that are more in the future. Yeah. Look, those are great. You've put the D in delts. Let's go put the D in me. Which other? Beautiful. See you guys next time.