Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrrization, and today's video is the five rules of chest training. Yes, they're rules, but they're not hard rules. Think of them more as helpful hints for your chest success. And that's sort of rhymes. Alright, rule number one is in my opinion nothing beats deep, controlled presses. Be they incline, be they horizontal, be they decline, big presses make big chest says. Ah, I'm sticking to that. Flies are cool too, and they're super effective. I just want you to know that you're not going to cable crossover with pinkies out yourself towards enormous pecks. It's not one of these things like for biceps, where isolation exercises seem to be the bees knees. Big heavy compound presses are really an almost certain ticket to a big chest, so don't ever forget that. It was good for gram, great grandfather, it was good for grandpa, dad did it. Your little brother's doing it already. We're older brother has a kid and he's doing it already. Don't fall behind. Number two rule. Like most muscles seeming, right? If not all, they get a better growth stimulus. If they're stretched deeply while they are loaded with a huge amount of resistance, anything between sets of five to sets of 30 repetitions, that deep stretch is critical under load. So if you can generate a deficit in which you can press quote unquote below your pecks, you are going to get a huge stimulus easing to this. Don't do a ton of sets at first because it will absolutely fuck you up in the best possible way with the laydowns and muscle solenoids and growth of course. What does that mean? Consider getting a cambered bar, which has a little do-hikki, wiggly thing in the middle of you can press below your chest. Daphisit pushups are super easy for anybody to do, two plates go between them. Machines that are well made and can do a deficit and of course dumbbell presses of inclined and flat can both be done outside of your body to do a deficit. Anyway, to create a deficit is going to pay off. It's a huge addition if you've never done it prepared to be like holy fucking shit. What the hell am I doing to my body? Good things you are doing to your body. Rule number three, flat pressing and inclined pressing, flat flies and inclined flies are all correct answers. And I just don't understand why the internet is full of people being like and you need to do inclined for better chest don't do flat. You need to do flat pressing, flat press don't actually work. Which I never thought somebody would say, but then Doug Brugnoli says inclined stone actually train your chest. If I had hair I would be doing this with it. Pretend I have huge horse-like name, sexy locks. I pretend this daily. It's all right answers folks. Press press press away fly away, decline, flat, inclined. It's all good. Don't get caught up in the weeds just do good pressing and flying work. If it gives you chest to big public, make your chest sore, it's the right answer. Number four, this is a big one. Try to do what power lifters do. Now they do it in order to shorten the range of motion. But they end up getting themselves into the most hyper-trophic muscle growth promoting range of motion by doing this. They do two things. Instead of flying flat-backed on whatever bench they're doing, whether it's machine press, whether it's dumbbell presses, or whether it is flat press. Instead of laying flat, they arch their backs, not a ton. Some of them do, just a little bit. Arch your back a little. Think of it more as sticking your chest up and then take your shoulder blades and slide them back and under yourself. Now when you press as you press, you're going to lift your chest up. To the bar, or to the dumbbells. And through the sky, pause and then come back up. Slow and controlled, big chest all the way deep. Keep your shoulder blades back. Keep that back arched or in other words push your chest up. Don't ever lift your butt off of the bench. That's really bad. Can get you hurt. But if you arch and retract, you are putting your chest at a pre-stretched advantage for muscle growth. They're basically in a more hypertrophic position to begin with, which is awesome. A bonus point is that in my view, the probability of shoulder injury is lower when your scabs are tacked back this way, so you're winning on two grounds, potentially. Not mandatory, but give it a try. Some people who have trouble feeling their chest, mind muscle connection, trouble with pumps and soreness and fatigue. They do the archer or attract and they're like, holy shit. Finally, I can feel my packs. Lastly, control the eccentric and pause your presses, especially if you're doing deficits that keeps you safer. And it gives you more time in that nasty stretch position. So instead of mention like this, come down under control, couple seconds. Pause, be barbell, be it dumbbells, be whatever. Pause for one or two seconds. And then press back up. Control, big stretch, pause and go. That will keep the weight on the bar of the same. Reduce the total number of repetitions because each rep is harder, but increase the quality and safety of the repetitions beyond what they normally would have been. You're now doing the same amount of actual effort, but your effort is more effective and safer. I can't think of a better way to get good training than have it be more effective and safer. They've only more clowns were involved and made it fun. Like every time you do a bench rep and lock it out, the clowns got the kazoo thing or whatever. It's like, that'd be great. Jim's work on that. And while you work on that, like, subscribe, swipe up, swipe down, left, right, no wrong answers. Comment. If you want to be in our members community for more nerdy videos, real technical support science, come join us. It's only five bucks a month. And for like 30 bucks a month or something, you can join the team for on form, which means you get tons of included programming. You know, every 12 weeks we have two programs come out and each time two programs come out and so we five programs because it's to whatever day you want. We have like a four day week, five day week specialty programs, all the stuff. Come on in. We'll analyze your videos. We'll do video review for all of your lift. We'll tell you how to improve your technique. We can do physique reviews and we can even try to guess to make your body fat. Which I'm no good at to be honest, I just type in 50% no matter what you put. Anyway, see you guys next time. Bye.