Huge problem is a lot of people are not going for deep stretch nearly enough and their biases in Christ. Show them a video of lying dumbbell curls and they say that looks lame, but in reality lying dumbbell curls are probably one of the most brutal and effective ways to train your bicep. Downside you get to flex your ego less than that girl over there by the dumbbells isn't as impressed because you're not doing the full stack. But guess what? You have to say you don't want any part of her life. She's supposed to take side beams all day long and ask to you of like, is this underwear like a kid? Like, uh... Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength and there are five things about arm training that everyone gets wrong. Okay, it's not everyone that's thumbnail title, lakery, but it's a lot of people. And I would say it's five things about arm training that everyone pretty much are most people at some point got wrong before they got right with God. Speaking of God, what does that have to do with arms will here's the thing? If you're a guy and you have problems in your life, bigger arms will fix all of them. Scott, have you ever gone to the bank and asked for an absurd loan with no collateral? I have it. Okay, you haven't because you anticipated that was stupid and there was no way they're going to give you a loan, right? Correct. Did you have giant arms, however? I definitely did. Yeah, that's really the problem. You got big enough arms, the bank will lend you anything. If you were a girl and all of your friends are getting married, but you're still single, it's probably because your arms aren't big enough. Now it seems obvious, doesn't it? That one grandma you had, she was just such a great woman so wise in her elder years and still so spritly looking at her arms next time you're hanging out with grandma. Kind of big for a lady, huh? World peace. People just need bigger arms. Animals rights. Can you imagine a cow, Scott, which is big ask, biceps and triceps? There's no way we're mistreating that animal. It's so glorious, gorgeous. Big arms are it. However, on our way to the obvious, obviously great goal of getting big arms, which is obvious and amazing, we tend to air in at least five really common ways. I'm going to talk about them, but talk about why they're not such a great idea to do and give you alternatives that are better. So number one, is the myth that you must have an arm day? You must do biceps and triceps together in the same workout. There is no distinct benefit of this. In fact, if your biceps are sufficiently pumped, it actually limits the range of motion on your triceps, which sometimes means they're not getting as much of a stretch and high load stretch, which means actually it's suboptimal. Can you do an arm day? Of course, but it's not an necessity. It's cool vibe, you get a big pump, but I don't actually help you with long-term growth, any more than training arms biceps and triceps separately in their own day. It's tough to program this into the same split, because a lot of times you back and biceps, chest and triceps, but then if you're doing arms, it's also like a dirt. I had biceps, the triceps, you want to know, is it gets confusing? The other problem with this is that there's a discordance and healing time. Triceps tend to be bigger, stronger, more susceptible to stretch under load, and so when you train biceps, you can do 10 sets of biceps and they can soar for a day or two and then you're good to go. You train triceps, they get soar for like two or three days and maybe even four and then you're good to go. So if you're always trying to train them together, you'll have to needlessly constrict the amount of effort, or volume you do for triceps, and needlessly do too much for biceps, it's a weird way to try to make things work. So I got to say, bice and trice together is totally fine, but absolutely not an necessity or a net benefit. If you're doing it for vibes, God bless you. If you have to screw up the rest of your program to keep an arm day in the mix, consider not doing that. Number two, a lot of people will say that for legs, you need to hire reps to grow. That's a 15 to 20, but for arms, sets of 8 to 12 grow best. That is not from my experience a dependably true thing. What that ends up doing in most cases is constraining people to one very small rep range, where for biceps and triceps are a grade 8 to 12. The reality is that in many cases, sets of 5 to 8 can absolutely 100% grow your biceps and triceps really well. So can sets of 8 to 12? So can sets of 12 all the way up to even 30 repetition. So instead of thinking okay, legs, higher reps, arms, lower reps, think of legs and arms as any number of reps between 5 and 30, and there are two things to say about that. One, try to find which rep range works better for your biceps and triceps in that whole huge range. And two understand that any rep range that works best for a while will eventually get stale and then it's a good idea for you to shift the rep range to something higher or something lower, which unjust variation will promote more growth. Don't constrain yourself to one rep range experiment across the board because for you you might find that on average sets of 15 work better for my biceps. So it's a 10 work better for my triceps, but every now and again when that gets stale I flip the script and do them in reverse. Number three, huge problem is a lot of people are not going for deep stretch nearly enough and they're biceps and triceps. People do cable extensions halfway down, they'll do bicep curls and they don't ever get a deep stretch or they'll just do bicep curls standing up and they don't have any tension in the bottom because gravity doesn't point in that direction. Show them a video of lying dumbbell curls and they say that looks lame, but in reality lying dumbbell curls are probably one of the most brutal and effective ways to train your bicep. Precisely because it stretches your bicep under its most maximum load in relation to gravity at that very deep part of the stretch. For triceps, squat crushers, etc. Yes, you'll have to take some lead off the bar, book going all the way down to a squat pressure to stretch your nose or each shin or even your throat if you have a spotter. Scott, what you once called a throat goat? Yes, what is that mean? A lot of money on that. Oh, like singing? Yes, it's a kind of singing, isn't it? Playing the body trombone? It's getting fluid if you roll. The skin fluid, the meat fluid, the great instruments are as I can tell. In any case, going for a deep stretch, any exercise you use, make sure it's loaded. In most cases, in that deep position and do not rip your soft off, go for that deep painful stretch hold it for a second or two and then go back in. You're going to get more pumps, more soreness, more growth. Downside, you get to flex your ego less than that girl over there by the dumbbells, isn't as impressed because you're not doing the full stack. But guess what? You don't want any part of her life. She's supposed to take stock memes all day long and ask to you if it's a thunder where I like. Okay, like a good Lindsay, you're good. I'm going to be up on my body here, girl. I don't need this any more ally. You know, the underwear, you know, Scott, I kind of screw myself on that one. Do want to see more of that. Huh? Number four, a lot of people who want big arms do not train them frequently enough. You're triceps, you can train in most cases hard two to three times a week. You're biceps, you can train in most cases hard three to four times a week. A lot of people will train the rest of their body and then have a one day in which they'll train arms and yeah, your arms get a little bit of work from chest and a little bit of work from back but it's just teeny teeny enough to maintain them. And then you're really only stimulating your arms robustly once a week. That's crazy. These are small muscles. They do not take one week to recover. Look, if you trash your quads and hamstrings. In my take, yeah, five days to recover two extra days to recover completely. And then you hit it once a week. You'll have great gains. But for arms man, like you can just train them more often and to most people don't. So, if you're building an arm program, make sure it has multiple arm days. But we get least two. Maybe as many as three or four if you can recover. That's the real best way to get as much arms size as you can. And lastly, but not leastly is myth slash mistake number five, which is forgetting that your arm has two parts. The upper arm and the lower arm. Your forearms can contribute massively. To how big your overall arms look. It is a distinct visual difference. For whatever size your upper arm is as big as possible. A bigger lower arm, a bigger forearm will almost always make the overall look better. Scott, can we make a note please? I mean, they had the editor folks put in a visual of Frank Magraath. He has enormous forearms. And when you look at his arms, you're like what the fuck? Maybe we can throw on some leap priest or something like that? Big forearm dudes. Oh, that's a, that's a search I've done before. And why not Jared Fathers well? Bigger forearms contribute massively to arms. So if you want the biggest arms you can, sorry I said that wrong. You want the biggest arms you can have. You should be training forearms diligently. Three to six sets, some kind of forearm curls. There's a bunch of different kinds. Multiple times per week will get you notably bigger forms. One hundred percent. All right. Go download the RPI Parchifay app link in description because we have multiple preset templates that focus on arms is a priority and also take care of the rest of your body. So you can just do them verbatim or change them yourself. It's a fucking sweet app. Give it a shot. And if you want more forearm hypertrophy over the more endurance kind, you're going to need to see and hear something beautiful on your screen. And what's more beautiful than my face except me the everything in this world? And if you want more of my face, I have a separate YouTube channel. It's just called Mike Israto. I talk about artificial intelligence. I talk about morality. I give life advice. I talk about progress. It's a nice upbeat channel. It's a lot of nerd stuff. Worst case scenario. You could hit the mute button. Get to work it out your forums. That's why I watched the channel. That was weird. See you guys next time.