Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Anassand's Periodization, and I have five rules for you to follow for your quad training to get the biggest possible legs that you can. These five helpful, hopefully, tips will get your legs bigger, so let's just get to it because you don't have time for videos, you got time to get big legs. First, quadriceps like many other muscles seem to grow best when they are stretched under heavy load, which means that if you're doing depth, squats, hacksquats, leg presses, you want to go deep for a big stretch. Take those squats as far as that range of motion goes until your calves touch your hamstrings or put another way, depth before dishonor. Rule number two, when you're pushing whatever implement be it a regular squat, hacksquat, leg press, pendulum squat, Smith machine squat, I can continue, but I won't. Make sure that you're pushing your weight through your heels as well as your toes. If you're just on your tippy toes, those are 60 squats, they can be effective, but in most cases, you want to produce as much force as possible, recruiting the big, strong, narrowly motor units in your quads to get as jacked as possible, which means force through your heels and through your toes at the same time and even foot dispersion of force. Rule number three is as you descend in squats, Smith machine squats, leg presses, etc. You name it, you want to, in most cases, to have your knees come way over your toes at the bottom. First, in a squat, you sit back and down, but then as soon as you've tilted your hips and broken through, you want to make sure that you sit straight down, letting your knees come forward while your heels stay on the ground or on the platform that you're using. As your quads are involved in that forward knee movement, they are going to be stretched a ton on her load, put into a very mechanically disadventageous position from which they will have to work super hard and thus get tons of growth. And the big benefit is you don't even have to use that much external weight. If you know how to squat properly, a hundred pounds less than you used to squat for reps can zap your quads better than that hundred pounds more ever could. Rule number four is to match the repetition range you use to the exercise type that you're using it. Here's an example of things that work for most people. Definitely feel free to be creative, and if this doesn't work for you, adjust it to your own needs, but here we go. That's a five to ten are probably best for squats, why? Because squats are conducive to lifting really heavy. And also, there are such a whole body movement and involve a lot of your anti-gravity muscles for balance and coordination that they take a ton of metabolic drive and they generate a ton of systemic and cardiovascular fatigue. So if you're doing many more than 10 repetitions a lot of times you're breathing becomes limiting factor and the last several reps just aren't quality and won't stimulate as much muscle gain as if you made the weight heavier and kept the sets to five to ten reps on average. Sure, you could do sets of 12, but you guys know what I mean. If your breathing is what's keeping you back, it's not a great hyper-chive exercise. Great breathing exercise. But we're not here to do cardio where you're going to get been quads. Next, if you're doing hacksquots in most cases, you want to take advantage of the fact that you can go a little bit more high rep because it raises you a bit better. Sure, you can do hacksquots with sets of five to ten, but a lot of times that much knee flexion without any hip help is a bit much of an isolation exercise and it doesn't feel 100% as safe for the quadriceps. You can totally do your hacksquots with sets of five to ten, but I recommend the best rep range for me on average for hacksquots is sets of 10 to 15 reps. 15 and up for me and my personal experience and most of folks I've trained with starts to become again a little bit more cardio and not enough heavy resistance training that actually trains the target muscles. For leg presses, the best range that I found is sets of 10 to 20. Again, you can do sets of five and sets of eight and leg press, but that's a bit heavy that's probably better reserved for squats. Anything above 20 reps is just cardio, but the leg press lets you sit down and braces you in. So there's a wide range through which you could use it or cycling somewhat with a hacksquot, but also giving you that 50 to 20 rep range to play with reveriation. Lastly, the term heavy leg extensions makes almost no sense to me. Why would you do something heavy in a position in which your body limits you from using heavy load and even trying very hard? Your quads activate better when you're heel and foot have something to press against, then just extending your knee against resistance. Heavy leg extensions are just not the best use of either heavy or leg extensions. You want to go heavy to squats, but if you wanted leg extensions, there are excellent exercises that you can do for variation in the higher rep ranges. You can do leg extensions for 10 or more reps, but the real money is 15 or even 20 to 30 reps. In leg extension sets, especially if you drop sets, supersets, my rep match reps, all of that stuff fries you out. Thus, you have a whole spectrum of which exercises to use more often when you're going heavier, which ones for intermediate loading, in which ones for higher reps, thus you can match the exercise to the loading and vice versa and get the most out of the movements as far as effectiveness and as far as safety. Lastly, if you're really serious about quad training and you want to take your quad training to the next level, buy yourself some weight lifting shoes. They don't have to be super expensive, but any weight lifting shoe that's literally in a sport of weight lifting, it's not like I'm saying, oh, a lifting shoe for lifting weights. It's a weight lifting one word shoe. If you google that, it's the shoes with the heel that rises as it goes. Those shoes are going to just completely upgrade your quad training to the next level. They allow an unbelievable amount of even support so that pushing through your toes and your heels is super super easy to do in almost intuitive. They provide you with a ton of stability and also by raising your heel, they extend your ankle mobility and let you get super deep stretching the quad without involving the lower back and the hips as much and thus making all of your quad training even more targeted for the quad. Folks, that's all the tips for now. Please shoot some questions that you have in the comments below. I'll try to respond to a few. Like, subscribe and we'll see you next time.