One of the funniest things to me is when I get criticism on the internet, all to well received, all taken. Of like, man, you just got to sling this iron bro, stop with these wacky exercises that target the muscle like you look the ridiculous, like, pick up a barbell. They get a sweet. So imagine I already took your advice. Uh, 24 years ago. And it failed me. Thank you. I'm going to be doing good exercises now with good technique. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. And believe it or not, I got a few things right. When I was really early in my training and let's learn from how magical and perfect I was and how I did everything right. Not true. A little while back, I think we put out a video about how some of the stuff I did was not so great. And that definitely wasn't out ideal, but I did get some stuff right. Let's talk about it and see if you can learn from it and maybe do it a little bit yourself. First, progressive overload. I would seek to add five to ten pounds to the bar. Or wrap here in there to dumbbell movements, kind of from day one. I sort of just thought that was the point. It turns out I wasn't wrong. I knew almost nothing, but I knew like you got to add some weight. And I did read Arnold's education of a bodybuilder, not the encyclopedia of a bodybuilding. That's an alladermook. And he did talk about like just like pushing the pace a little bit. And I did that in it worked wonders. I even went so far as to put weights in my backpack. I remember I had straps. The 120 dumbbells on each hand for lunges. But that wasn't enough because I was going over 20 reps on those. And I was taking a backpack and putting 60 pounds in there. So two, 25ers and a 10 plates zipping it. It looks sagged a lot at 60 pounds. That's supposed to be doing that. And then I would lunge with it. And I got a little absurd. I probably could have had better check the heat. But the idea was more and more and that was really good. It also helped me challenge my notions of what I couldn't couldn't achieve. You know, you get to the high 300s in the squat. You're like, am I really going to squat four plates on a side? I don't know. You get to you like in 365 and you stay there forever. But if you go to 375 and late 385 and late 395, D load and you just want to jump away from 405. It can be a thing as long as you push pro actively, not just reactively. Yeah, if you seem to be getting stronger, push up. Try to push up anyway and see if you can match it. A lot of times it's just the mentality that's keeping you behind and not really the physiology. Don't just go by feel, push the pace gently in most weeks by little bit. Another five pounds and another rep and you're going to do really, really well for yourself. Another thing I did early on was I worshipped religiously with sacrifices, mostly animal squirrels and stuff like that. And I'm not necessarily a possum here and there. I worshipped the compound basics. I was drawn spiritually to pull ups, bench presses, shoulder presses, squats, deadlifts, rows and so on. And these movements allowed me to narrow my focus on strength and technique. Once you build a lot of good technical acumen and a lot of strength, you can open your focus to everything else and it comes super easy. But if you don't have a lot of strength and technique, everything else kind of is a little bit difficult. It also allowed me to keep my approach simple and consistent, focusing on these core movements. And to be honest fellas, I have many, many flaws. I have never, ever in a million years had paralysis by analysis. Whereas I like to call it analisess, parahlysis. Analisess, if you spread out anywhere, it's the destruction of the in any case. I never had that straight up I've never had in my entire life. And I didn't even know what the hell I was doing for a long time. And then when I started learning, I didn't have a moment where I was like, oh my god, there's too much stuff. Nope. I stuck to the basics until there was a compelling reason in need for me to incorporate other exercises. And I gently did. And then I was like, oh, that's great. Or maybe I had to work and I went back. Analysis, paralysis often occurs when you see the entire latent space of all of the exercises you could be doing. And you have your group that you're doing. And you're like, oh, I, if I did these, I'd be better. That's how he'd become a champion. You say to yourself. But the reality is if you just stick to the core group, you don't have to worry about what else is on there. You know, Scott, the video guy. He has a core group of guys. He always hangs out with. And they do physical things with each other. One more on the road. He's a cute boy. He is very not frequently like, oh, should I do things with him? The boy will like him. I will like. I say, no, Scott, you got your boys back home. Stick to your boys. And he's like the right. They're sexual, very young. They're men. Uh, everything. A few were old. Silver daddy is their call. Scott, do you think you'll ever be able to quit your addiction to silver daddy's? I mean, that's tough. They just keep cutting better with age. You know, that's tough. And in much the same way. I couldn't make it, fellas. Leave in the little one at it this out. It much the same way. The compound heavy barbell basics and dumbbell basics. They're always good. They don't get better with age. Although you get better with them at them with age because your technique grows in and your strength builds. I'm not telling you just jettison all the other exercises. I'll have something to say about that in a little bit. But if you want to stick to core compound heavy basics, they are never going to do you dirty, especially as a beginner. They're going to build an incredible base of size and strength for you. And then you can later refine it by adding more isolation and machine exercises, which exactly what I did. Another one. Point number three, something I got right is good technique. I did not have it right away right away. I'm going to clearly ask you guys if you saw me lift in high school, which many people did and even my gym teacher was like they could have better technique. And I was 16 and entirely interested in hearing things like that because yellow I'm going to like jam weight. One of the funniest things to me is when I get criticism on the internet all to well received all taken of like man, you just got to sling this iron bro, stop with these wacky exercises a target the muscle like you look the ridiculous like pick up a barbell. Hey guys sweet. So imagine I already took your advice 24 years ago and it failed me. Thank you. I'm going to be doing good exercises now with good technique. Technique is important. I didn't have it in high school. I actually got hurt a few times in high school. I heard my shoulder benching. It sucked. But after my first four years of lifting I got into power lifting and power lifting is a standard. You can be under any impression of what a squat is until and unless you try to do a power lifting meat and then tell you this is a squat and nothing higher than this is a squat. So you're at least going to be sinking below a parallel which is really really good even fire purger. And the bench press, you got to touch your chest and the deadlift, you got to keep you back straight and all this other stuff. And so at some point with these technique tips I picked up from power lifting and transfer them into bodybuilding and that technical stringency was really really helpful. So I didn't do it as exact to begin or at least I had. But pretty much a pretty early intermediate. I already had good technique and it never left and I've just been perfecting it ever since. That kept the gains consistent and kept me safe literally for decades. Whereas before I actually got probably got more hurt in the first three years of lifting that I did in the next 10 because precisely that I was not doing a technique in the I was. Number four thing that I did was consistency. The only time I've been away from the gym from regular gym sessions. From more than a week and a half ever, ever to this day since I started lifting was when I had hernia surgery and I say you're not supposed to lift and even then just after two and a half weeks I was doing light lifting already. And believe it or not, but for the first two years of my lifting actually wasn't in love with it. It was just painful and I hated it but I knew I had to do it for some reason. But I kept showing up and getting more more results and after about three years I was falling in love in the rest of history. And now lifting an iron like spiraling into the sky together and staring at each other like face to face. I've got my hands on her waist or whatever like this were super hard flying. And then later I'm like trying to get my tongue all of it in there and smooch it. She's kind of like, I know this room is romantic romantic. No, no, no tongue. But in any case that's lifting an eye. I didn't always have it there but once I did, he once you fall in love you're good. You'll be consistent. But be consistent anyway. So if you don't love lifting yet stick to it at least two days a week, maybe three. And a few weeks off here in there in a big deal but don't take months off. Focus the gains will come, focus on the gains, focus on the fun. Eventually you'll fall in love and consistency will no longer be an issue but it's a big deal especially early. And lastly, number five, thing I did early that was really good was incorporating some variation. Some people can do the same identical movements for years and years and years and not that an eye. God bless. This can work but in some cases it risks kind of overuse injuries because it's the exact same force vectoring pattern to the exact same tissues the exact same way over time. And also it can risk psychological burnout. There's only so many high bar squats you can do until you're like I never want to see a squat bar ever in my life. And you did a break. So what I did is very similar movements like I talked about but I would change things out every few months when they felt stale. And the way I would change doesn't necessarily go into different exercises which sometimes I did but a lot of times it's subtle changes which are awesome, awesome injectors of variation into your program. Things like stance width, medium stance squats, narrow stance squats, wide stance squats, grip width, pullups with shoulder width, pullups with just on side of shoulder width, wide grip pullups, grip type, overhand grip, neutral grip, underhand grip, repetition ranges, sets of 5 to 10, sets of 10 to 20, sets of 20 to 30, exercise a order, sometimes it's bench first and fly, sometimes it's fly first and bench every few months I changed that. And of course the exercise itself take away leg press, go to hacksquat, so on and so forth. Even though back in the day I didn't ask squatting because I was too big of an 80 to figure out how to do that exercise properly. So at the end of the day that variation kept me progressing, it kept me safer and it kept lifting way more fun for decades to come. So don't just pick your core exercises and be like that's it, 5 moves every day, that's cool. But try after a few months with the same movements, two change the grips, positions, etc. And maybe some exercises, nothing you can change is the cadence of the lift, you can do slow race tricks or quicker race tricks. When you have that intelligent variation every few months instead of every few days or like once a week, you get to best of both worlds of awesome progress, milking out all the games you can from a lift for a time and then switching and having a ton of fun doing some new stuff. Should you try to stick to all of the things I found that worked for me? Yeah, probably because they're quite basic. There was no rocket signs here, but whatever else you find in your lifting that's working well for you, forgiving you better results, or even if it doesn't give you worse results, but it makes the gym more fun lean into that foreshur. Because it might be a strategy to keep you in the game and progressing for years and that it'll pay dividends. Because eventually you'll wake up and you really go, my God, them huge. No, how did this happen? This is bullshit. I've got a scarth. I've got to buy clothes and then even know where the my pants and too small and then the biologists obviously that big enough and you know when my muscles don't push up my cock bulging the majins because I've got a lot of space. People think all maybe he's backing something in there, but when I've got to be quiet, the jeans tighten up and the people can see like oh my God, this is like a micro penis, what's going on? Is it really a woman? Do I look like a woman? Am I talking like a woman? Do you know? I'm Arnold. Stop it. But listen, before you go, yeah, I, what you want to do is look into the description. Because you've got to have parents, you're free, but then what that means is a fancy science word. In Germany, we just call it something simple like Guggenfang Baigur Starrl, which actually means dog. Yeah, and then but it's going to get you jacked and there's electrons in there, whatever. And then if you're too big, it's too fat and you're disgusting, you're too skinny, you look at you, you're puny arms, then you want to do the arpy diet, couldchap, which I didn't know what it does. It tells you what to eat and you need to help. Look at you, pathetic. Anyway, I know what the hell that was I blanked out. I'll see you guys next time. You know, one in five, her 1.5 and 10,000 males have a micro penis mic, so you're not alone. With the, where they bit this is theirs, isn't that this micro is mine? I'm going to be the champion Scott. No, you're not the most micro. That's right. Yeah, no, bullshit. The guys come up to me to like, hey, I'm really sorry. What you're sorry about is because you have a micro penis. No, don't, don't, don't stop the recording. We're keeping this in and I'm like, no, but that, yes, I do, but yours is smaller than mine and they're like, that's not true and then they pull me pants down and they're like, but you don't have a penis. I'm like, bullshit, you just don't have telescopic vision. You need a life microscope to see my shit. Yeah, and I'm working on it. It's getting smaller so at some point it's going to be electron microscopy is the only way you can do it. With the hell that's like the longest rent of Ghana, the Zahnolting 9. Anyway, I'll for real see you guys this next time. Peace home. Are you gonna hit the button?