52 sets per week for the whole body? No. Folks, I'm Dr. Mike. I had to leave forward to say that to make sure that you understood how serious I was about. A ledgering one of my name was. Huh? Who the hell are you? What am I? Don't worry about that now. Just answer some questions and you'll get your doll back and reunited with your family. Stay calm. Tell us your name. My name is Milo Wolff. Soon to be Dr. Mike. Soon to be. How soon? Well, I'm defending in three weeks. Oh, so. Congratulations in advance. I know that's a faux pas to say. Not at the final. Yeah. So yeah. Three weeks later, you DM me, you're like, I didn't failed. Yeah. They did. So you are getting your PhD very shortly. By the time this video will be released, certainly you will have a PhD in a sports science. Don't act like you don't know the answer to that question. It has to be from you. It's interesting. I see. I see. You're like, I don't know. Maybe sports science. I don't know. I never looked into it. Okay. And you are a super expert in the science of range of motion. And we've got many interviews with you over a record in the channel about that, especially in the member section of Yama Fakazus Careous. Deep science member section. But you have recently done a pretty in-depth perusal of the volume literature. It's kind of a demon coming back to hot me from the past. I've been a volume science and joyer for some time. And recently some studies have been coming out. And they're saying something very interesting. And hopefully Scott the video guy did what we were planning to do. The thumbnail for this video that you clicked is some absurd claim of doing some absurd number of sets is going to get you jacked. And if you're not doing it, you're a loser. That part is quick-baked. Though you may in fact be a loser for reasons that we can't account for. It'd be like that sometimes. It would just not be like that sometimes. And tell us what's going on with the training volume. Maybe Milo, if you can start, tell us what the story was for what we thought. Something like maximum recoverable volume. You still look like a few years ago before the Barballo studies. Et cetera, cultureist. Yes. Yes. About five years ago, our best thinking based on the study we had was that around 10 to 20 sets was the best place to maximize our approach to the. We had pretty consistent evidence as summarized in a metinosis by Brad Schoenfeld that's doing more than 10 sets was better from muscle growth than doing fewer than 10 sets per week per month. And from what I remember, they didn't have the density of data above 10 sets to conclude confidently. First of all, any specifics, what happens above 10 sets just that it's better. And also a lot of people were asking Brad about, well, what about what about north of 20? And he was just like, guys, we have like four studies total above 10 sets. Generally, they're all better than the studies below. But one of them is 21 sets and nothing else above that. So we actually don't know how high the volume cap goes. Exactly. But also in terms of those response relationship, you very much saw that each additional set yielded more growth. At least within the confines of what have been studied up to about 15. 20 sets to compare in different studies. Right. Not sets added week to week. Correct. So it couldn't conclude that bad scratch. Even though I was on about the ship for no bad damn good reason. Informed by science, but guided by the spirit, that's how I like to describe myself. My psychiatrist disagrees. So at that point, we knew that like generally, if you look at the studies of their whole, if you were going to design a program for someone and they're like, I want growth. Or at least from 0 to 5, 5 to 10, 10 to 15 plus ish, go higher and you'll probably see more growth for most people. That's correct. Okay. Yes. It was definitely a positive relationship between how much volume you did and how much hyper-to-views all. Importantly, in these studies, sets were taken to fail your typically. So if you're taking a lot of submaximal sets, you may or may not see the same relationship. You may actually get it from higher volumes. So that's a consideration. Right. Most volumes, because submaximal sets both do not cause as much stimulus per set, linearly, and cause significantly less fatigue. So it's kind of like, if you're less fatigued and you need more volume, maybe you can do 25 or 30, etc. sets if they're actually submaximal. Correct. You can recover from more sets given that each set is less fatigued, and thus you can get more total stimulus in times. So that was our understanding about five years ago. Now, since then, there's been multiple new studies looking into higher and higher volumes. With this most recent study by Anderson Colleagues looking at, at the peak volume, 52 sets a week. Well, that's a plug-in deck of cards, maybe. You know what you could do is have a deck of cards with you. And like for each fucking set, you do you lay out a card. Do that would be so demeaning, because you'd be like, oh my god, I have to get through how many sets this week. We can walk away. You're a hypertrophy stripper, and I'll just throw the cards at you. Just make it raise as long as it's demeaning to me. I'm turned on. 52 sets per week for the whole body. No. So in this recent study, they looked exclusively at the quads. They did train hamstrings as well at the end of each session, but that was a total of eight sets per week. So very low volume for the hamstrings. So you could essentially review it as a specialization phase for the quads. We're going all the way up to 52 sets. The average cross-the-hole study for that group was 37 sets. 37 set average. With a standard load. And ended up high. So they started somewhere in the 20s or something like that. 22 to 52, 37 average. How long was the duration of the training in a month? 12 weeks. So over 12 weeks, they went from 20 to 52 adding six sets every two weeks. No d-loads, no d-loads. Full send, full send. They didn't train anything other than their legs. They were free to train their upper body in their own time. And given that they were trained subjects, like they squatted on average, four and a half to parallel three plates. That's dope. It's pretty solid. Yeah, it's a big fucker. So my hunch is they did train upper body, but I don't think they trained it to the same level as they trained their quads. Because if they did that, they just got in the quad program and just do it for everything. Imagine if they actually did that. That would be crazy growth. Interesting study. Or maybe. Or they would be nuts. Okay. And then so what are the subgroupings in that study? Because they didn't just have one condition. So they were the other ones. So to give you a brief overview of the study, they had a wash out phase, or essentially for two weeks, participants were very low volumes to sort of sensitize them all to the same extent to training overall. Then they had a two week from the realization phase, where they gradually added volume to get a 22 sets of quads per week. And from there they had a 12 week intervention period. One group stayed at 22 sets for quads the whole time. So it was 11 sets in one session, 11 sets in one session. Which is like a lot. That's a lot. All sets were taken to RP8 or two reps in reserve, except for the last set, which was taken to failure. So actually as far as like ecological ability, it's pretty close to what you're doing in the real world. Yes. The last set of each exercise or other exercise. Session. Each exercise. So basically exercises. Yep. Squats, lighter extensions, leg presses. Squat, like, post-legs. Interesting. Okay. And then the last set of each one of those they took to failure. Otherwise it's a two RIR. We're going to get this question. So we might as well answer it now. People will say that beginners don't know how to train close to failures. R is meaningless. We don't even have to address that because these aren't beginners. These are three plate squatters. Been training for mostly two to three years plus. And you know, sure. They had a scientific definition of train participant usually. So I got that one correct. And then what is the situation with the confidence that we have? That they really went to reps and reserve based on the literature that you're familiar with. Yep. So we actually can do a systematic review of metanalsis on how accurate or people that estimating reps and reserve. This is with them lab conditions, whether or not these results generalize to the average person and a gym, unclear. However, in lab contexts across the bit about 10 to 20 studies. But hold on, the training situation for the study also occurred on a lab. That's correct. So we didn't say that internal validity is really high. 100%. So in this context, on average, people are off by less than one rep. They underestimate themselves by just shy of a rep. So if they think they can do two more reps on the given set on average, they're a bit closer to three reps. Yeah. That's generally the result. It's not fields and fields and reps and reps away. It's not enough of a difference to really make a practical impact on the results of the study. Sure. So they got these guys going to rep shy of failure. We can probably surprise that they trained pretty fucking hard. Yes. Hard sets. That is some of them to failure. Yeah. Okay. As far as rest time's went. And this is a big limitation of a lot of volume studies. They actually rest for at least two minutes. It's a long fucking study, bro. That's a long study for a graduate student. The clipboard was there for a long time. It was supervised by a student in the conditioning professional. So it's another thing. It's like, oh, if you're not being supervised, maybe you don't train quite as hard. Yes. It was even supervised. Yeah. In fact, even when as far as to control for diet. So they measured dietary intake both at baseline, halfway through a study at the end of the other study, for all groups to look at whether or not they're in differences. And essentially, that was similar. So it's not quite that rare. The three groups were one group that remained at 22 sets of quads per week through the whole 12 weeks. So that would look like doing four sets of squat, four sets of leg press, and three select functions twice a week. Five selects. The second group, story at 22 sets, and then added four sets every two weeks. So that would, they would add it sort of a cross the board. So we would add one set of squat, one set of leg press, one still extension, and kind of go back. Kind of almost at squat, got it. So overall volume is distributed evenly at four sets. The same thing of, because at our PL out of the stuff, we do weekly set manipulations. This would be the rough equivalent of adding two sets to your muscle group, the training per week. So that means that one set per session, yes, in the per week, yes, or week. One set per session per week, because of two sessions. Okay. So that's really like a very mild increase in volume. For sure. So 12 weeks. Meant potatoes. 12 weeks. That's crazy. Right. Oh yeah. So one group stays at 22 sets, one group added four sets every two weeks, and the final group added six sets every two weeks. So the first group stayed at 22. The second group progress from 22 to, I guess, this case that would be 30 something. 30 something in this case. And then the final group went all the way to 52 sets per week for an average of three sets. So they only trained for 50 to six per week for the last two weeks. That is great. Excellent. And so automatically, if you read this study as you should be training with 52 sets a week, you've misunderstood the entire nature of the apparatus. That's some shit we used to get a lot back in my proselytizing for MRV days, where it's like 20 sets a week. You can't record from that. I guess, I don't we do that in my last week and then I deal with. So definitely a difference. And they all, they started all at 22 sets a week, which is like, I'll say high reasonable. Yep. But then they kept going. That is correct. Okay. So when did the first subject die in how much muscle the values in group number three? Well, from fact, the dropout rate was lowest in the highest point group. And the only injury that occurred and resulted in a dropout, so participants stopped the study was actually lowest one group. So as far as people claiming that higher bodies will get injured, that's where we're at the very least we don't have compelling evidence from these studies that that would be. Yeah. Uh, what I'll say is if it's okay, if I paint my own little bullshit into this, uh, you don't have to agree with any I'm saying. Well, if you my interpretation of that is like, yeah, shot up Mike, there is absolutely a theoretical basis for saying, doing too much work over time will get you hurt. But it certainly doesn't present itself in, uh, obvious definite. This is going to hurt you way, especially in an order of weeks, usually in order of months and years of doing too much. And often like, it's not your muscles to get hurt. It's your joints and connective tissues. And if you're managing good technique, et cetera, you may be a little really crazy volumes and actually never get hurt. Uh, will you get great results though? So how do they results go? Well, so they measured hypertrophy of the quads, obviously, so it's the most frequent interest and they also measured one group maximum squad. Interesting. It's very standard exercise science, just a little bit. For the heart, since squad is like, in the exercise science side, yes, absolutely. Per that real quick question, what was their rough relative intensity? Was the sets of how many reps roughly are they doing here? So they varied between sets of six to eight and sets of 10 to 12. Six to eight in the first part of the week, 10 to 12 in the second part of the week. Oh, beautiful design. Good job researchers. Yeah, some variations. I'm like, you know, amazing. Yeah. So hey, what they've found for strengths, broadly speaking, is he adding four sets per two weeks group, so the moderate blind group. And the higher blind group, so a better outcomes in one of Max and the squad than the 22 set group. And these groups on average were doing about like 10 to 15 sets of squats a week, if not a bit more sometimes. So we're talking about relatively high volumes of squatting volume and overall quad volume increasing strength gains, which is relatively novel. Previous studies on volume and strength gains, generally find there is a positive relationship between how many sets you need per week for a lift and your strength gains. Yeah. But it's a bit more moderate. Yeah. And a peak tape is off. Because hypertrophy keeps going for a god knows how long. It's the strength we kind of understand. Like if someone's a case should I do 20 sets of squats per week for strength. And be like, I think I'll be keeping it to 10 to 15 at the most. And that seems that's not just me making. I'm numbers. That's actually evidence based recommendation for strength. I think if someone tells you hey, evidence based 15 or more sets of squatter venture done with per week is a good idea. And like, where, which study are you getting that from? Have hypertrophy different story? Yep. 100% and that's summarized by a men and all systems between 2017 by Ross and colleagues, which want to be like a fucking chat GPT. But there is a giant and they're right here next to me. See you afterwards. I'll see you now even. Shit. Different type of video. Yeah. We're going to split the script. This has actually been for our only fans. They love a technical introduction. Oh, yes. It's a nice script. Most adult videos. They just get ready for a course to align. I want to, I want to find a data agent. I want like, yeah. Like, I want half of the shit to be about like the intricacies of designing nanotech machinery and like then straight to just like, we just fall on each other and things happen. You wrestle. You know? Well, I'm used to turning that way. In any case, Scott, the video guy, good luck editing this video. Scott's like, I'm not editing anything. Shit. This is cool. So, hey, what's the sound? For strength, the moderate and high-born groups, so better outcomes. So potentially, based on this data, slightly higher volumes for strength and previously thought makes sense for the squat. For high-purchase, this is the interesting part for pretty much everyone here. What's beyond this? The highest volume groups on the best outcomes. And there was pretty much yet. There was pretty much a dose response linear relationship between how much volume they did, 22 sets all the way to on average 37 sets and how much high-purchase they saw. This is interesting because we do have previous data looking at the quads and sort of higher volumes. We have about six studies now, including this one. A little original Brazilian study. There was Brad's replication in the Brazilian study and a few others. We're actually ignoring the blah blah studies, so there's every study as well as the blah blah studies. No, no, no, there's the other Brazilian study that is like an aircraft carrier with sailors and some shit. They did Brad replicated that and then Brad got trouble because people were like, you're taking money from big volume. He's like, this is a replication study. If they're talking about it, if I trouble him, you'll not be Donald. I'm not allowed to say that, show him. You didn't say it, I said it. Anyways, so there is actually previous data generally showing the same thing, which is that the quads seem to actually benefit from relatively higher volumes. From there we have the triceps and quads benefit from slightly higher volumes and the biceps from slightly lower volumes, which is interesting, at least in these studies. With the quads, specifically, it does seem like you can do above 20 sets and likely at this point, see more growth. We have six studies looking at hypertrophy, comparing a more moderate volume approach, about five to 20 sets to a higher volume approach of typically 20 to 35 sets per week for a high volume approach. And results are consistently neutral to positive for higher volumes. So there's two studies showing the same hypertrophy, whether you do sort of lower volumes in the fact of 15 or about 20 range versus there's two studies showing a neutral, low difference malatcom and there's four studies showing a positive effect on hypertrophy when doing above 20 sets. How much more hypertrophy are we talking about here, effect size wise and real world wise? Sure. So I don't think it's at a linear relationship. So I don't think when you go from 10 to 20 sets, that's the same increase in hypertrophy as going from say 20 to 30 sets and give it dust paper off a little bit to totaler. But there is a meaningful benefit to be had, meaningful. Okay. Two more things to ask you. One is, let's forget about some, my next thing to ask you after this is the volume ramping situation literature. But before that, I look at the study, I look at a few of the other studies. And I go, Jesus Christ, 52, fuck itself. I'll tell you what I get out of it as like this is what the literature tells me to do in spirit and you let me know if I'm wrong or how you would caveat this. I would say, this is a video I have written down to make in its own standalone, where I'll talk about the terms here. But systemic fatigue is going to stop you from doing this for your whole body for sure. Nobody's survived in that shit. Nobody's doing 50 sets a week for every muscle group's body in a major one. You're going to die. You're just going to just completely burn out. However, this realization from the literature that many people can benefit from significantly more sets than theorized opens up a really big window for the idea of specialization phases. And that if you back off on your quads, back off on your hands and calves, take it easy on your glutes and your back, you can take your chest and triceps and pump up the volume and as long as your system is recovering, it may surprise you how non-limited locally the muscles are and that more volume often does get you better results. So my forearms won't grow from wrist curls. I have this conversation with people. Most of you, I have a lot of masturbation and anonymous kind of groups. It's not really a lot of them. They are physically. We jack off together. Wow. Yeah, big circle. I mean, sagigikoki is someone always eats the cookie. In any case, people will say, like, I can't get my forearms to grow. But, okay, your forearms, for my at least in parental understanding, they recover quickly anyway. They're not positioned well to take mechanical damage. So they come in and he sets you doing. Like, I do three sets of wrist curls after arms every week. Meal, you do three sets a week and you're baffled at your not getting results. My fuckers I hear doing, 52 sets a quads a week. You better get them, do that shit. Maybe 10 sets, three times a week, work up to that and you can expect to see potentially you can do a more realistic assessment, expecting growth from that than you can expecting a neutral or no outcome. Like, there are green fields of growth for you per muscle. In maybe higher volumes than you thought and the way to get there is to specialize on those, bring down the other muscles, let the muscles you want and just crank up the volume. Agreed to agreed, nuance, additional. Agreed. A couple things on that. One, keep in mind the relation between volume and growth, thus taper off the tail end. So if you're going from say 20 sets for a most group to 30, specialize, you may not see as much additional growth as if you think it's just linear. Right. But I will really quick, in addition to that, a lot of the people who find themselves candidates for specialization phases are people who realistically look at their pecks over the course of the year. I legitimately think I haven't grown at all. Then the difference between 30 sets and 20 sets could be the difference between zero and anything above, which is technically infinite. You know, like, it's infinitely better gains if it's zero as your baseline. So for people that are more advanced than a struggling for muscle group, yeah, for people that are not advanced, they're not struggling. Just do whatever volume keeps your fucking going. But if you run into a problem, lower the other muscle volume, raise the problem, muscle up slowly, and then you'll probably be in line for some growth, 100%. And because you get diminishing returns with additional volume, for a lot of big units and intermediates, training everything equally, and to a decent level, like about 15 to 20 sets per week, is a really solid story. Yes. And it'll get you maybe 80, 85% of all of your life. Exactly. Then later, when you want to push the pace, you got to lower some things, bring some things. Sure. A couple more findings from this study. For one is obviously that I'm trained all the muscle groups at once, but these people were able to see a benefit from volumes as high as 37 sets per week for muscle group, while training, taking all sets to RPA to a group of some of those are elated failure. So there's a good chance that you can recover from more than we previously thought. If you had no knowledge of your own sort of the cheek and recoverability from training, the final thing is specialization can be really useful in this sort of situation where you want to bring one muscle group up, and where you can only recover from so much training, and so you want to manage fatigue and still grow a certain muscle groups very well. Equally, this also applies to how much time you have. If you only have fias to train a week and you care more about certain muscle groups, the same consideration can be had for fatigue as per time. So maybe specializing on a few muscle groups at a time when you're really pressed for time, and keeping everything else a bit lower is a really solid approach. Yes. Because we had Dr. Pack on, or depending on the release schedule of this video, we'll have him out in the future. We recorded a right before you sat down. You were here for this. And he let us know kind of the details of the minimum effect of dose, the minimum effect of volume literature. And that's also very encouraging like you can actually make some decent gains in many cases with very few sets. But it turns out the landscape is kind of like the maximum adaptive volume when Dr. James Hoffman, I wrote the Ovalian landmarks book. We theorized it to be a floating function, not one specific point that adapts to many conditions. And we also imagined the growth curve based on our experience in reading of literature at the time. The growth curve between the minimum effect of volume to maximum recoverable. We thought it looked very smooth, and there was a lot to exploit. We didn't think it was like nothing and back to shit. It looks like that's at least a little bit the literature is being kind to earlier predictions. Like you get some growth right out of minimum effect of volume. And very close you rise up to really good level of growth. As you go up closer and close to MRV, it goes up kind of linearly but not impressively. And then at some point it falls off. Decent? That's correct. It just turns out that the M.A.V. The maximum adaptive volume is a little bit higher than we thought. Yes. Yes. Now, second to last question. Got you, got you here, Mr. Expert. We got all kinds of questions for you. Have we really had any series of well-conducted studies discover an MRV or not really? That's a good question because I used to get a lot of shit for saying like many people can train with 20 sets per week at the end of their Mazzo and they'll tell that's close to MRV for them maybe. They'll recover just fine. They'll be okay if you take a deal out. And then people come back, get me the book and crazy. You're going to burn people out and it's kind of like, well, I don't even know what to say. It was 52 sets. Motherfucker. I would've never said that shit was true. But apparently, these people still alive, ambulating under their own power. What gives did we find in MRV? Or is it just kind of like, we haven't found it yet? We have not found MRV yet pretty much. And we've trained people with pretty high volumes. Like in this study for example, at least for the Quad's locally. Yes. We trained with very high volumes. So I've been systemic MRV overall MRV for almost groups combined. As far as local MRV goes, if it existed at a sort of lower level, we should have found the in this study in found condition of hypertrophy. Yes. We didn't. That's the definition of MRV. Exactly. You're not recovering anymore. It's unlikely you're sparing a lot of them. Did you guys, do you have any insight on the data? Maybe this is like a request for our data thing. Did you look at their strengths through the study week to week to week? Because I'd like to see if how that looked. Because it could be like they got weaker at the end. But they still did a function of overreach for more growth or something. For sure. Functional reach in hypertrophy is a very noble area. We don't have a ton of support for it yet. It may occur. It may occur. But if maybe the experience of ton of fatigue at the UNS study, but that didn't stop them from still growing. And I know you had a discussion based on the unrevised trauma, for example. About to what extent is fatigue from training actually interfering with producing a hypertrophy stimulus? Right? Because you can probably be a bit fatigue going into a session. And still get really good growth in that session. Sure. So that's a really interesting question. Yes. Last question for you. The literature, when I was around making my MRV militia, theorizing about volume, just from theory and observation, I managed to synthesize the idea that there is some logic to at least consider that what is a very good dose for you of volume and week one of your program. Maybe a volume you could very easily recover from later, because you're used to it. And my thinking was there are many complex ways of thinking about this, but my simplest version was like, if you can recover from much more now, like week one, you go in and three sets of leg press, you're fucking limping around for a week. The argument to do more is kind of strange. It's like you want me to limp harder, like what the fuck? But like if you're in week three of a program, but let's say six weeks long, you're doing 10 sets of quads. And like you just don't even get delayed on sets of sornas anymore. Someone comes into the gym. This is the way I did a lot of my thought experiments. Like, what if a very intelligent and insightful insell? And by insulin, I mean, person who asks you rude questions to your face comes up and asks me about why am I stopping? Or why am I doing this? How do I answer them politely? And if I can't coagently understand in my own headway answer, like, oh, we really don't know this. So he would be like, how many sets did you do? And you're like, 10, he's like, why not 12? And you're like, well, you see. He's like, is it because you can't recover? You're like, no, no, I can recover. Actually, easily. He's like, why not do more? Here's the graph of her colleague, growth and volume now that we know. It looks like that. You can recover, why not grow more? I actually can't tell you. I answer that question. So I was like, okay, to me, you start out with whatever you can handle. And then as your body clearly is adapting to higher volumes. And as far as just notable recovery of how fast you get gain function back in strength, how quickly the Dom settles out. And then you're like, well, fuck, like it seems like I can handle this. Then there's a logic for potentially doing more. Now, that was purely logical in my hands, purely influential. We didn't have data because no one was doing rambling studies. But that's changed recently. It has tell me how it's changed. So there's been a few direct studies on the topic of taking your baseline volume into account, like that first week of training, and adding volume to that. Specifically, in this study for example, they went from 22 sets all the way to 52 sets. So that's kind of exploring that concept. But with the big confound of different groups had different average volumes. So is it the fact that you're adding sets week to week? Or is it simply the fact that one who did more sets overall? Yes. Difficult to listen to. So true, a true control. A internal internally valid pure study for controls there would be one group, both groups average 20 sets a week. One starts at 20 and ends at 20. One starts at 10 and ends at 30. You go on it. Perfect. That'll be a good idea. We don't have that study. We don't have that study. However, we also have another study that took into account participants previous volume, and then assigned one limb to just doing the same volume again, and one limb to doing quite a percent extra volume. And in that study, did it indeed find additional hypertrophy? There has been in the limb that did additional volume kind of increasing from the baseline. So the concept of adding one week, we see the panel in some research. The research where it doesn't seem to pan out is typically where greater additions of volume are performed, and where it's performed at once. So for example, the rest of the studies where they add 30 percent, with 60 percent of volume just from one week to the next. Oh. And that doesn't seem to think that hypertrophy versus just staying that. Wow. Okay. So the slow approach might be better. A slow approach might be better, and I think that volume, auto-regulation, sort of weak to weak adding volume as you feel recovered, is probably best used to get to your most productive volume. Yeah. Right. Who do we start? Do we pay him off for agreeing with our old ideas that we're? Yeah. So a couple of a couple of dollars. Big volume says hello. Hey, Brad, I'm walking with Brad. So if anything, I'm being paid by Brad, I'm being paid by your P. Yeah. Do you know, so you work actually directly with Dr. Brad Schnell. That's right. And so then you understand that in the Batman universe of things, he's kind of like the penguin of big volume. He very much like like he, he knows. How do we character? Yes. Pulling all the strings behind the scenes. All of them. Big volume bias. And honestly, I've been paid by big volume. I fucking house and recording studio. How much money they have, but seems to run deep. Yeah. Like, I remember one side posted a, like a meme that was like kind of friendly towards hit. And I was picking my kids up from school later that day. They were a guy in a limo stepdad. He's like, you got beautiful children. Make sure they stay beautiful with the high volume. I was like, sir, I think he was like a dime. Like some kind of alien life. Yeah. I was going to say this on the time. Next day, the next post I made was a fuck mic mentor. And I think they like that. That's a good cash. No, but they give me a warning first. But the fuck mic mentor just got me back to the good. But every month, the, the, the, the, the, the, I'd proselytize for high volume. And now you're getting, I, I, I like that watch. What kind of watch is that? It's a decent, you know. So you know, I said, I mean, for real, that's big volume, much by can tell. And it's the down next to you on a plane of like volume proponent. You're like, you know what, real recognizing as real? I love it. So other than getting money to shield for big volume, um, what is your summary now? Of how your mind has changed in the last two years about the concept of how much volume should I do if I want my best growth for sure. So previously we thought, and about maybe about 15 to 20 sets per week, the muscle group is a really solid place for most people, most people. Max, my separate. You gotta try yourself and see where you are. Some people that's really low. Some people that's really high. It's a normal distribution. Yeah, there'll be some people below 15 sets. Some people are about 20 sets. Yeah. A general ballpark that we thought a couple of years ago was a really solid place. Now with this more recent data, for example, the deal of study as well, where you didn't necessarily see a benefit from deal of after four weeks. There's a study by Coleman and colleagues, recently published. Fatigue doesn't seem to be quite as big of consideration, at least with the volumes that we're talking about here, 15, 20 sets. And what training studies were there only training a fraction of their example body. Like your whole body, everyone knows you get tired. We don't need a study for that. And that's actually a study we plan on doing. Oh, don't. We plan on running a study at some point of power study. We're essentially we just take trained lifters. We be able to train lifters in a huge sample size because they'll be in the lab five days a week. Each, like training hard during 23 sets per muscle group. And we'll be tracking the readiness recovery for fatigue, et cetera. To see whether these studies on single muscle groups, you know when you're doing 30 sets per quad for example, whether we can do that for the whole body and trained lifters, and still recover. Yeah, and how was that one? That's a big question. Yeah, for sure. Huge question, for sure. So previously, we thought 15, 20 sets really saw a starting point for hypertrophy. Now with these six studies, we're four of them show a benefit to higher volumes above 20 sets versus low end 20 sets. And two shown or difference. Broly speaking, I do think you want to explore higher volumes. Listen to your body as far as recovery goes as far as recovery training, but try going above 20 sets and see whether or not you can get additional growth rate. Maybe all the way to 25 to three sets at the peak points. Yes, and would you say this is especially true for people who have lagging muscle groups or is it like if my chest is responding amazing to 10 to 15 sets, try more even for that? I would say so. I would say you can literally, if you want to try out the increasing volume of lowly for all muscle groups and see if you can recover. You might just find that actually you can take all muscle groups to about 20 sets and still recover just fine. Now, if you take to 25 or 30, you might find actually that's not feasible. And you have to specialize in order to manage overall fatigue. However, just raising volume overall gradually and seeing how you respond is a good storing place and then you can branch out into either specializing or continuing to train everything pretty quickly. Top. I have one final question for you. One one. What's that? One one. It's British lag for what's going on. Oh yeah, I remember you talked one earlier. Yeah. And it. What is your problem with Mike Monser personally? You see me seemingly. What's up, Prima? Talk to us. I hate HRT Bros. Like I'll say publicly. I do not like you. HRT Bros just have this veneer of the like you about who I don't think it's a veneer. It's for real, real, real. HRT Bros, if you manage to listen to this much science, stay calm. Um, and my last just joking. Yep. Good go. Ahhhh. My well, you've been amazing. See you next time. Peace.