Hey folks, Dr. Mike here with Renaissance Pyrridsation. And today's video is about how to deadlift for growth. If you're gonna deadlift for growth. Now here's the deal. The deadlift has been aligned in some cases by myself personally as maybe not the best growth exercise. Why? The range of motion isn't amazing. Not a whole lot of muscles are being put under a stretch. It's not exactly sure which muscle is specifically the focus because the deadlift does a good job of distributing the loader for many muscles. It's difficult to have a situation where it's really a target muscle without altering the deadlift at a pretty fine level of technical execution. And probably most importantly, the stimulus to fatigue ratio of the deadlift because it is so, so, so fatiguing, is often just not as great as other exercises that are comparable. For example, if you want a big back, your option is to deadlift versus bent row, I think bent rows usually are better choice. I mean, they're always a better choice though. And in some cases, especially for beginners and her mediates and in some other special cases, deadlifts are an excellent tool for growing muscle. But how you use deadlift to grow muscle is a big deal and can be the difference between being like, oh man, why do deadlifts again for six weeks? I just feel like shit. And I think I'm not much bigger versus wow. I'm glad I included deadlifts and I can see these thick slabs of beef on my insert muscle group here. Specifically, I have seven tips for you today as to how to improve the way you do deadlifts if you choose to do them for muscle growth. And I'm assuming that you already have calculated that the deadlift will be a good enough stimulus to fatigue ratio exercise for you to make itologically valid alternative, at least some of the time compared to other stuff you're doing in the gym. All right, first, number one is picking the right deadlift for the job. In my view, if you're training the glutes, for example, two very good options for the deadlift are deficit sumo, which seems to target the glutes very much and the deficit puts the glutes in a huge stretch, which is a huge part of the growth process, or a conventional deadlift that looks like a stiff that leg and deadlift in most of its execution. However, you bend the knees the entire time just enough to keep the tension off of the hamstrings. Your back is flat, your knees bend as you go down, just enough to keep the ham's out of it, and you go to a deficit. So at the bottom, your glutes are stretched like crazy, because your back is tight and preferably where a good weightlifting belt and your hamstrings are the fundamental prime movers because they have been put into insufficiency by you moving your knees forward. Your glutes are the absolute prime mover number one. And number two are also at a loaded stretch at the bottom and the movement sounds like a big win for the glutes. If you wanna train your back, the best kind of deadlift to do is probably the conventional kind and as a matter of fact, from a deficit. The thing is, the deficit is made from you bending your knees a little bit more than usual, bending your hips a bit more than usual, and or rounding your back a little bit. If you start with higher reps and easing, you will not automatically die and have a herniation of the spine while rounding the back and the deadlift, but if it's for higher reps and it's under control and it's too good deficit, some degree of back flexion and then extending the back on the concentric is gonna really grow the living shit out of your back quite safely I might add. Deficits, I'm sorry, deadlifts that are not in this two category of things. We're essentially a three types deadlifts, deficit sumo, deficit conventional for the glutes and then a deficit regular conventional with the bent back for back. If the deadlifts you're using for hypertrophy are not in that situation or if they're not one of those three, does that mean they're gonna be functionless? No, does that mean I think you could be using something more effective? Yes, in most cases, absolutely. So if someone does a deadlift for hypertrophy that's not one of these, I'm interested to hear the reasoning, but I'm assuming that maybe they didn't do a lot of reasoning or just haven't thought they should through. For example, a lot of people like rack pulls and going to tell you one of the only reasons that people like rack pulls, it is to be able to put a lot of weight on the bar and have a chance to yell so the whole gym is impressed or to dilute themselves into thinking the working very hard. I, if you pros, are amazing at doing this. The rack pull is mostly a gigantic waste of time. Although it's a great way to, I symmetrically, grow your traps. The rack pull is just not a very thought-out movement. I'm not so sure what it trains and don't worry, it's advocates also are not sure what it trains. What about the hex bar deadlift, especially with the handles turned up? Well, if you bring the deadlift close to your center of gravity, it begins more to be a leg movement in a partial range and a less of a back movement. Your legs are strong in your back, which is why you can usually hex bar deadlift more than you can regular deadlift. But even if, especially if you use the handles that pop out, the hex bar deadlift is a very partial range of motion, which again, you can use a shit load of weight to do exactly what I'm not sure. And I don't even know what muscle is targeted anymore because the quads, the adductors, the hamstrings, the glutes, and the back all spread the load so evenly in a hex deadlift. It makes it the perfect candidate for maximum load lifting because you milk all the muscles out on their best anatomically favorable positions, but you really don't put any muscle at a disadvantage, put it under a loaded stretch, and as thus, I'm not sure what the target fried purge fears. Of course, there are exceptions to this, but generally speaking, I do prefer these kinds of deadlifts to the ones that many people do. I would say erroneously by a small margin for hypertrophic gain. Number two tip is to do slow controlled and eccentric. It is really fun to drop your deadlift really fast if you're a power lifter, and you want to go for very high percentage of your max lift without accruing as much fatigues you need, dropping your deadlifts or riding them down because you're not allowed to drop on competition, having your hands on it, but riding down pretty fast is a really, really good idea. If you're using the deadlift for growth, we already know that eccentric contractions are at least a very powerful for growth if not even better than concentric attraction. So then, why the fuck will you drop the deadlift? Well, the reason is, you want more reps or more weight. If you have to eccentrically control your deadlifts, you get more hypertrophy, but it is more painful to your ego because you're not as strong as you thought you were. Huge recommendation there, and it takes the injury probability and shrinks it substantially. At the expense of the ego, of course. Number three tip is to do a very gentle touch at the bottom. You can do a full stop at the bottom, but then getting the deadlift off of the floor is actually pretty hard work, and that requires a lot of neurological drive, and the movement from static to start, from isometric to concentric, isn't particularly hyper-trophic. But a gentle touch allows you a nice little stretch reflex. It also puts a shitload of tension on the muscles that you're targeting when they're under their maximum stretch in the lift, and because it's very gentle, it is a super super low risk. It's just a matter of kind of finding out where the floor is noting it, touching gently and coming back up. And because you have to control all the way down slow, you have a very powerful eccentric contraction all the way to the loaded stretch, holy shit, that's a recipe for big ass gains, and it will make you sore, and you will notice that shit. Number four, I recommend sets of five to 15 repetitions. Anything more than 15 reps is really just a cardio thing with deadlifts, and then you're not really training a muscle in most cases. Anything less than five is not enough volume per set to grow as much muscle as possible. So that's kind of ruled out the other ends of the range. Number five, consider the systemic and axial fatigue you're imposing, especially by arranging your workout within the week and picking what movements you do for the other exercises for the week. It's probably not wise to do deadlifts, and stiff-legged deadlifts, and good mornings, and two different kinds of bent rows, and flexion rows in the same week. And if you're gonna do some of those things in the same week, I'd say move half of them out to the next time you do a program, and then the ones that are remaining push away from the deadlift so that you get some even distribution of how much you are straining your spine and your back and all that stuff. You don't deadlifts really beat the shit out of you, actually they load the spine a ton, which isn't a bad thing, it's just very fatiguing. And also they beat the shit out of your muscles a ton, specifically muscles in your lower back. If you need them for stability and power generation and other lifts, you'd better make sure the deadlifts occur after those lifts, or there's a few days between when you deadlift, heavy, and when you squat heavy, or when you do good mornings, and when you do stuff like your deadlifts, just be smart about it and understand that your lower back and your core and your ability to load actually through the spine can be more limited than your other sources of fatigue. So you're like, right down your plan, you're like, it's not too many exercises. How the fuck am I so beat up? Because you noticed, oh, four to the six back exercises I chose, really involve a lot of spinal looting, heavily involved the lumbar muscles and spinal directors all the way through. And I just like, okay, I should have known they don't recover as fast, which is really the case. Number six, keep your technique spotless and slowly progress in load over time. Why is this advice for the deadlift specifically? I mean, it's true for everything, but with the deadlift, I think people get carried away and even bodybuilders who have deadlift in the program, they end up like just putting a shit little weight on the bar, just fucking going to town, everything goes out the window and it just turns into an eagle lift. There are many, many top pros who still do this. Their entire financial situation, or at least, approximately, depends on them staying injury free and they go and deadlift six, seven, eight, her pounds plus and make Instagram post about it. On the one hand, mad respect, your strong shit. On the other hand, the fuck are you doing? Are you trying to use this deadlift for strength? Is the side hobby sweet? As long as you have accepted the injury, I don't know where he is. But if you're thinking this really helps hypertrophy, if you really really want to help hypertrophy, you can make sure that your technique is always good and you're gently progressing and load over time. You may still eventually get very, very strong in the deadlift, but it has to be a situation where you add at five or 10 pounds every time, not one where you usually live four plates and you come in and you're like, I'm fucking feeling to brothers, put five fucking wheels on the bar. You know what if you call plates wheels, you're the fucking man? Lastly, point number seven, when you're training your glutes with deadlifts, you can do them at the beginning, middle or end of the workout generally is a very favorable effect. If you're training your back, I would recommend that you save your deadlift for the very end of the workout for two reasons. Reason number one is your back will be so beat up on the time you get to deadlift, it'll already be the limiting factor. In your deadlifts, your glutes and hands can easily power the deadlift, and if you're back, a sterilely fucking strong too, you need to stress your glutes and hands a shit load, put a shit load of volume and weight through them to get the effect you want for your back. But if your back is already tired and it's gonna give out a technique wise, you're just not being able to be able to straighten yourself out anymore, when it's tired, you're gonna need that many fewer sets and reps and load to expose your glutes and everything else too. That's a really, really, really big deal. In addition to that, the deadlift, systemically fatigues you like crazy, proximately, five sets of deadlift later, you look at the pull down bar and you're like fuck that, I'm just trying to go home. And of course you won't go home, because you're tough. You're gonna go do pull downs, but you're not gonna try as hard as you could have if you did them fresh. Do your whole back workout and don't you worry, deadlifts are so stimulative and so, the rostimus match you is so high, as long as you do any deadlifts at the end of your plan, your back is already tired, you won't need to work very hard for deadlifts to be very effective. But if you do them fresh, you're gonna need to work really hard for them to be effective, because you're fresh. And that's gonna beat the shit out of you for the rest of your workout. I would say it's thinking about it in reverse. Of course, if you want a deadlift as much as you possibly can, sure shit, you better deadlift first. But that's not the goal. Regional muscle hypertrophy is the goal, then especially for back. You wanna do it after a whole bunch of bent rows, after pull downs, all that stuff. Folks, thank you so much for tuning in. If you want more nerdy stuff like this and even nerdyer, we have a members section for you guys, YouTube membership, it's like five or six bucks. A month and you get extra videos, eight, one video, extra per week. And we have a team full-round forum. We can build you a plan for diet, for training. It's all included. There's a huge discussion forum where you can always post a bunch of your training videos, well, analyze the techniques, get back to you, can ask me personal questions, there's an only fans component. I'm kidding, hopefully YouTube doesn't ban us for that comment. In any case, thanks for tuning in guys, and I'll see you next time.