Are you snacking and not losing weight? Your children may be at risk. Tonight, news at 11. Dun, Dun, Dun, Dun, Dun. All right. Anyway, the advice here for this quick tips lecture is to stop snacking to lose weight. Hold on a second. You may be in the position where you be pretty well, but you snacks here and there, maybe your clients tell you stuff like that. Like, hey, how are you been eating? I noticed you're not losing weight like we planned. Like, well, I'm eating really good. And then you're like, okay, you turn your head like this and they turn their head like this. But I think having a few snacks, how they do that face and you're like, ah, huh? And they're like, fuck, fuck, fuck. He got me. Don't take the snacks away. Please, the only thing I live for. Here's the deal. Some people can lose weight while eating snacks. And for them, and if that's you, fucking rock on, that's a huge win. Amazing. Feel free to turn off the rest of the day. This video unless you like shitty exercise based comedy. Just like no, whatever. Now, on the other hand, probably way more people have trouble losing weight. And they should at least think about cutting down or cutting out their snacks in the short term. Once they get to whatever stable weight they want, you can make an absolutely reintroduce snacks and that's totally fine. But they're at least four good reasons why you should consider if you're not losing weight like you want to cut out snacks. And if you have clients or friends or family, they're snackers. Maybe giving them these four sort of thoughts, can let them make better decisions about things that actually are effective in losing weight. Here's why. First point, snacking is often discordant from tracking. A lot of people who snack, like you can give them an app and say here, your picks all of your meals for you. The RP Diet Coach app does a fine job of that. Eat these meals. You'll be in shape. That's how a lot of meal plan. Nutrition works is do this and get that. A lot of people when they snack, if they have a diet app, they can put their snacks in the app too and that works. But a lot of people who snack and they don't use apps to begin with, they're not putting that in. They do eat their normal, great healthy food in their three or four meals a day, but then the snacks add up, they're not tracked. So you get that kind of answer that I alluded to earlier with your personal trainer or diet coach asks you client like, hey, how's your diet? Look, well, I really well. And they'll even describe the shit you don't ever need to fucking be like, for breakfast, is if every fucking breakfast is the same, they're for breakfast, they have egg whites, oatmeal, and cucumber, slices, and for lunch, have one turkey sandwich with light mayo, no cheese, and a handful of raspberries, and for dinner, I have fish, and blah, blah, blah. We've all fucking heard that numble ship before. First of all, the fucking lying, nine, ten, ten, and at least wildly exaggerated. They're picking their best. They never had a single good day like this in their lives. They pick one sample really good two-week period and composite together one breakfast, two lunches, with minus some of the M&M's they for two of them, and then one dinner, and over the course of two weeks, they happen to have three good meals, they just cluster those together and tell you that's how they eat everything, right? And they say, look, that's it, that's it. And then I got, I say, shows me here that you're 270 pounds. So this diet you described is 1900 daily calories. Something doesn't add up. It usually wouldn't phrase it this correctly. But then they say, oh, well, yes, I do some snacking. And you go, how much snacking? That's when, now I'm point number one, really it's in the face, they go, well, and the answer is they don't fucking know. Cause they never kept track, why would they? They're just doing some M&M's here and there, some nuts here and there, folks, that shit, especially at the office, adds up like crazy. So if you're thinking you're eating healthy and this thing is charitable, a lot of people are in this awful situation, awful, Western, first world problem here. They're in the situation of being like, I eat well, but I'm fucking using any weight. And then if you take away their snacking, they go, oh, that was 800 calories a day of snacks. And there's a thing, it's point number two, easy to add a load of calories in the form of snacks. If you eat any time you're in the mood, a lot of times you'll be eating often, especially considering that snacks are often very palatable, they're very tasty. It's what a fucking call, snacks. You imagine like, you go to see your boss for a quick chat at her desk and she's got some snacks lined up that she lets people eat, that's pretty common in the workforce and it's like slices of cucumber and broccoli, you're like, what the fuck? She's like snack, you're like, I'm good. But she has fucking chocolate covered almonds. Say in your voice, hey, man, I'm like, yep, no mind if I do, get me a little plate, a little bit of this, a little bit of that. Snacks are tasty, they're super easy to eat. And they make you feel nice, it's nice, it's enjoyable, it's actually entertaining. Moe's, I was always fond of the idea that at Coloquia and various conferences and academics and at corporate structures, they'll have refreshments between talks. Like, is the purpose of these three Oreo cookies to refresh me? I've ever felt refreshed after eating Oreos. I've just felt like, that was delicious, but I feel sick, right? So a lot of times, we have to understand that snacks are designed to be super tasty. And because of that, they're often times really high in calories. And because they're super tasty and high in calories, you just kind of keep wanting to eat them. And voila, you get into the situation where you can add up an unbelievable amount of calories and they've done various studies and estimates at how much people snack. Some people get in over a thousand calories per day, every day, just through snacks alone, is not that hard. So if you're thinking, well, I eat really well, but I snack a little and your personal trainer coaches like snacks, you're like, oh, but it's not that much. You're like, oh, how much is it? I don't really know, but I had five jars of chocolate covered cashews yesterday, is 20,000 calories, clear that situation, but it's so easy to get lots of calories. So point number two is like, if snacking was like, you eat a cucumber every hour and a half, nobody give a flying fuck at almost never happens. Number three, snacking, the practice of it can capitalize in not such a good way on emotional eating bubbles. Okay, why do I call them bubbles? Because the desire to eat emotionally is almost never stagnant. Now like you wake up at 10 a.m. or Jesus, let's lay it in the pot head. You wake up at 8 a.m. and you're like, oh man, I need to eat food so I can be happier than I am now. I just feel like if I just had some chocolate, I'd feel better. Well, at times that's not necessarily the case. And the same feeling at lunch, same at dinner and same late at night. A lot of times you're like, your boss will yell at you for a while, then you get off work and you're like, God damn it, I need something tasty to plug this whole, leaking out of my psyche. And then you go to the emotional eating. So essentially, if you don't snack, it's difficult to do emotional eating in a way that maximizes how much waking because precisely when you want to eat most emotionally, after whatever incident happened, be it in your brain or an external reality, you have instant access to snacks if you're a snacker and you can fill that bubble up with food and get all of the emotional to body weight connection that you did want. On the other hand, if you're regular meal eater and just not a snacker on principle, you're at your desk, you just know snacks around and you're like, shit, I fucked up that project. I could, if there were Cheetos here, I could bring myself feel better, but there aren't, I have dinner at five anyway, whatever fuck it, that's already packed. I'm just gonna fix whatever after fix, or take a couple walks around the block, come back and get to work. Then that emotionally eating bubble goes away. You fix all the stuff you needed. You send off the email to your boss five minutes later, she responds and she's like, hey, you did a great job, you're not fired with the fucking man, get out there this week, getting a fucked up, I don't know if your boss talks to you like that, maybe. But you're like, hey, I did it, the emotional stuff is over, you don't wanna eat compensatorally to feel better about yourself anymore, and then it's dinner time is five p.m. and you hit your macros anyway. So if the snacks are around, it can be a bad deal. Just to have around ideally you would let it pass and eat your meals when it's time, if you're a snacker, this is not gonna happen oftentimes. Lastly, I sort of alluded to this already, but I can actually dig in a little bit more. Snack food is very often junky, which means it is high palatable, it's super tasty, and it's high calories, and it's so super tasty that it makes you want to eat more of itself. I don't know about you guys, but I've never had a single chocolate covered almond and been like, ah, yes, serendipity. Now, in a sense, if I get one, I want 18, and if I get 18, I want 36,000, and then the butthole does this, and the doctors say things like, wow, we've never had to sow someone's butthole in five different places before. And you go, yeah, what am I paying you guys for? Anyway, I have insurance, and as soon as you're out of the hospital, back to the chocolate covered almonds, is this a story about me? And the world may never know, but in any case, if snacks were ultra-healthy, sweet. If you keep ultra-healthy snacks around, this whole snacking problem may be no problem for you at all, or much smaller of a problem. The thing is, a lot of times, the snack is the choice of this fucking bad, and a lot of times, it's not just your shit. How many of you guys by a show of hands, try to look through your TV at you through your computer screen, through your phone? How many of you guys are in a workplace office situation? Word, fucking, Debbie, who, I don't know, fuck, she stays in shape. Bitch, right? She comes in every fucking Thursday. She's like, I made my homemade mini donuts again. Ha, fuck you, Debbie, your goddamn perfect life. Eat these goddamn mini donuts, not being a fat piece shit like me. Every time you bring a man, I smell the shit smell unbelievable. I ate 15 of them every time. And then, well, I'm struggling with my weight. In many situations, snacks are just around. It's a pretty common thing, like, I'm from Russia, originally. We're a poor, fuck, we just didn't have this. And I don't know if this is a cultural thing, or just a poverty thing. But when I came to America, I noticed that my American friends, we said this like pantry area in their home, stocked full of snacks that seemingly no one ever ate. It was just available. Do you live in a situation like that? And you happen to be a snack or an emotional leader, aque man, you know, get those gushers. Hey, Scott, the video guy, you remember gushers? Oh, dude, they were cool and best commercial, too. Amazing commercials. You just want to be the coolest 90s kid in the world leading gushers. They're the ones with the juice juice. And if you read the back, they're like, liquid candy products, that juice. I remember getting those from you because they were like, wait, that's not really not food. And they're not food at all. But I'm doing a good, do you probably five IQ points higher and going to die five years later than otherwise, if you had a gotten those shits? But in any case, if you have all those snack foods around, if people are at the office bringing them in, it can be tough because almost always the snack food. Like, if there's a hippy lady who works the best next to you, your call center, whatever. And you're like, hey, Sharon, what you got for snacks? And she's like, I've got dried, key, well, I'll tell you what, you make up some shit. Like, oh yeah, my grandma loves those. She's like, do you want something like, oh, Sharon, nobody wants your snacks. Hey, hippy, nobody eats that crap. It tastes awful. Like, my horse wouldn't eat it. Yes, I have a horse. How do you guys think I get to my Lamborghini? And if not on horseback, huh? But in any case, most of the time snacks are fun, snacks, peanut M&M's and all that shit. And that's a really good way to not only add tons of calories, but want to keep adding tons of calories because they're amazing. At the end of the day, all of this may not apply to you. All of this may apply to you only marginally. Or all of this may apply to you in a big way. If you're that kind of person that's tried snacking and it seems you honestly say, man, if I stop snacking, I can fucking eliminate a lot of calories. Try it if you have problem clients because I know a lot of you guys are coaches yourselves, which is awesome. You have problem clients that you can know for a fact they're snacking or they tell you they're snacking but they're not going to think it's fine. Try to get them to reduce your eliminates, snacking, just during the fat loss phase. And they will oftentimes report unbelievable compliance, unbelievable results and be like, wow, how am I going to get ton of weight? And I've actually had the situation like, how do you think it's happening? I'm like, well, you're not eating at a fucking horse trough of snacks anymore. That might have something to do with it. So in any case, that's to your advantage. And if you like snacking, go away. You're not welcome on our channel. I'm totally kidding. All right answers. Do the one that works for you. See you guys next time.