Tuesday we start with barbell skull crushers. Just like dad did them just like grandpa did them. Guess remember those photos you're grandpa showed you from the civil war. Uh-huh. Your great grandpa was doing skull crushers and that's what they got. They guys try a set. Hey folks, Dr. Mike Isrtele here for Renaissance. Here atization. Today's topic is to talk to you about a tricep growth program. The triceps are an interesting muscle. They do a couple of really cool things. One is they look enormous. I know it's so pumped right now. But they make your arm look really big because they're like, Oh, two thirds the size of your arm or two thirds of your arm. Upper arm volume is really triceps. So a lot of people say arms and biceps. They use those terms interchangeably. But if you have small triceps, your biceps look cool. And people are like, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Buy some sick cool. You don't have big arms. How does that work? If they're very, your arms are big. So that's cool. Also, you know, it's great to have people close to your life. But sometimes you need to push people away and how would you do that if not with overly developed triceps. So you got some toxicity in your life. Gramas, get nine your nerves, get for a little gentle push away with your jack triceps. But you don't have jack triceps, which is why you're watching this video to find out how to get them. Let's get started. First of all, why not just train normally and then try some people get bigger. There's a couple of good reasons to specialize. So what is you just want your triceps to be bigger in relation to the rest of your body as it is now. Because if you especially don't have like genetically gifted triceps, let's say the average. As you gain weight and you go from 180 to 90 to 100, let's say, over the course of multiple years, putting on that much muscle. Your triceps will be big for 180, big for 190, big for 200, but they won't be huge. So you can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. It is a big for 190, big for 200, but they won't be huge for any of those. So then I'll never stand out. But if you want your triceps to stand out, then you have to take them above and beyond. And that is what specialization is good. In addition to that, you can reduce how much work you do for other muscles, increasing how much work you do for the triceps because you're. Then giving them much more recovery bandwidth. And then you can get them even bigger, even faster, because when you slow down other muscles. And speed up the triceps, you get double the effect of the triceps, beginning to overpower the previous position in your physique. Just sweet. There's a lot of triceps. You can push grandma away. Get out of here grandma. Watching basketball tonight on the TV. No, no more of your stupid cooking shows. You know what? I feel even bad saying that. You shouldn't say things like that to grandma. Watch the cooking show with grandma. Maybe make her something on the cooking show. She'd love that. So can you train everything normally and then stack your more triceps training on top of that potentially yes. But you may get better results by reducing how much you do with other stuff. And that may actually get your better game. How much of the other stuff do you pull away? And can you prioritize triceps and chest and back and legs all the same time? The answer to that is you have to see how much you can recover from. So if you're prioritizing a certain number of muscles, which means training them more. than usual. If you try to add in one more to the priority, you might be like, holy crap. This is way too much. I can't recover. I can't train very hard. And this isn't working. And then you have the answer to your question of can I train triceps and chest and blah blah blah blah blah. So what I would say is. Start to train. You're probably training all of your muscle groups normally right now. Great. Keep doing that. And what you can do is take away one of the muscles. Let's say you don't care about for a while. Let's say you're back. You're all developed. You're like, I'm going to put on a back at maintenance volume just like five sets or six sets a week for back. Two sessions, two or three sets each. And then see how much that affects your other muscle group tree. And if that really improves other muscle groups because it really gives you a ton of fatigue bandwidth to recovery bandwidth to play with. Awesome. If that doesn't change things much and you can actually increase your volume for everything else without our huge effect. I mean, if that changes something, but you're like, man, like bought me a little bit of recovery room, but not much. Then you need to take other things and put them on the back bar. Eventually folks that either don't have a ton of time to train or really advanced body builders, be only able to prioritize maybe about half their body at one time while putting the other on the back burner. And that's just something you're going to have to auto regulate, try on air to see which one is good for you. So what do we say specialization? And you tell somebody, hey, I'm specializing on triceps in the next couple of months. What does that mean that we think you're doing? Or in other words, what should you be doing to really earn the title of I'm specializing on this? Because a lot of people when they say, they don't use the trim specializing. You get to the gym, you see when you're gym buddies, you know, people you don't speak to outside of the gym, but only in the gym. And they're like, what's your answer and you're like, I don't have one. Even though you do, you just live them. A lot of times I'll say, yeah, man, I'm really trying to bring up my triceps. Now we have to very clear and actually trying to bring up your triceps and doing a specialization program for your triceps can be two different things. Although the more scientifically and logically minded of us watching this may assume that they're the same thing. As if you said to someone, hey, I'm really want to bring up my triceps. You know, I sensibly would be trying to do something about it and organize logical fashion. But sometimes people don't think like that. When they say I want to bring up my triceps, it's just a desire they're expressing. And what they might do is at the end of their typical tricep work or push work or upper body work or whatever. They'll do a couple more sets of like rope cable extensions. Really feel a fucking, yeah, yeah, feel it right here. And that's what they call specialization, but that is not specialization. So what is specialization? It's a couple of things. First, you have to check the box of specificity. You have to choose exercises that you know from prior experience or are best guessing, you know, looking forward manner. Are your best bets for the triceps? They have the best stimulus. Hopefully the lowest fatigue at least the biggest stimulus. Like if someone put a gun to your head and said you better design a program that trains your triceps as much as possible and gets a most big as possible in the next two months. You had better be picking certain exercises over others. You know, want to pick dips when you know dips are shipped for your triceps. You don't want to pick overhead extensions when you know your personal experience. They don't do a whole lot for you. Make sure as hell don't want to do close grip benches if you're like, ah, truthfully that exercise really just trains my chest. But it's not going to be a tricep exercise. I'm going to put it down. Ah, you got to go under your head. You want to choose all the best ones. You want to choose the best exercises that really you know are your best guess at what stimulates that muscle the most. Not if you're very well educated and very long time training. Or trainer involved in training. You are not really making guesses anymore. You're making pretty solidified like I know for fact. These four exercises are going to nuke me. If you are very new to the process, you're making guesses, but that's okay. You make educated guesses based on I did dips before and they felt amazing. Ah, do dips again. Another one is modalities. Let's say you find that low-rub straight sets have worked really well for your biceps. Let's see find that drop sets have worked well for your biceps. Myorups. Even occlusion training. You put an occlusion band here and do extensions. Maybe that has worked well for your biceps. You want to pick the modalities that work the best. Because sometimes let's say you want to train your triceps and make them bigger. So we could say, yeah, man, sets of five. That's the best thing. And you read that in an article somewhere except sets of five for you. Just make your elbows hurt and they don't anything to your triceps. That's not the best modality for you. So if you include it into a program, you're not making it serious attempt at specialization. So any time you make a specialization program, remember we're sort of like putting all our best forces at the front lines here to really make a huge impact. And that we're going to want modalities like rappenagers, et cetera, that are types of training that really work. Similar with rappenagers. If you know that sets of 20 to 30 really just fry your triceps like nothing else. But you make a triceps specialization program that has lots of sets of five to 10. Somebody could ask you why are you doing this and you'd be like, well, it's important to train heavy, right? No, that's not what literature says at all. It's important to train through a variety of rappenagers, but bias to the ones in which you get the best effect. And so sometimes that means really objectively analyzing a training regards. I'm going to be totally honest. Even though I like to train triceps heavy, I know I'm going to get shit out of it. My triceps gets strong. They don't get big. Anytime I try to have some gotten a lot bigger, it's been through, you'll say, that's a 15 to 20. Then that's a lot of what I'm going to do. Not all, but a lot of what I'm going to do. All right, so you got to be very good with the specificity so that your program looks like a very serious attempt to grow your triceps. In addition to that, the idea of prioritization has to thread through your program. If you really want to make a biggest impact on a muscle, it is a very good idea to train that muscle when you're very low in systemic fatigue. We have high mental energy so you can really put that muscle through its places. And of course, low fatigue and other muscles that could prevent that muscle from being recruited super well. What that means is you want to train triceps first or very early. And many of your days through the week, if you're seriously attempting to grow triceps. So for example, if I train upper lower upper lower four days a week, and I'm like, I want fucking bigger triceps. On the upper days, I had better be starting to some kind of pushing movement, which trains the triceps pretty well. And then some extensions right after, or even extensions first, and then a pushing movement or something like that. If I'm saying like my earlier example, if I want bigger triceps, but I save my three sets of cable extensions, rope push downs for the end of the workout, would you as your own so tired at that point that the percent of my tricep total recruitment, I can reach using my very tired brain is now some fraction of the total. Whereas if I show up and train triceps first or train them second, man, I can really fucking fry them up. So at the end of multiple months of trying to train triceps, I can tell myself. Very convincingly that I really tried as hard as I could, and there's no way to really try harder and any meaningful extra. In addition, frequency is a big deal. If I had a dollar for the number of people that said, yeah, I'm trying to bring up XYZ muscle, but they train it once a week, I would have, you know, at least ten dollars. Just kidding, I would have more than that. Is it so common? The reality is almost all literature says, especially on a short and medium term weeks to months. If you want to improve a muscle group, you have to trade it with a higher frequency than you normally do. Right, unless you train with a very high frequency already. But we're not talking about one time a week for triceps, we're talking about two times a week at least and usually three to four times a week. Can you sustain three to four times a week, tricep training hard for months and months and months? No, but you don't have to. Because it's specialization phase can only last eight weeks and then you have much bigger triceps, but you're able to start to feel a little weird. So you go back to two times a week and everything's great, your elbows heel, everything goes back to normal. We're making sort of intentionally unsustainable pushes. Right, like if you're in a war, for example, a world war, world war, two-style conflict, you push, you know, your tank divisions across the front lines in sort of unsustainable push. But then whatever land you grab and it's a turn of 24 hours, you sort of start running out of fuel. You put up new defensive barriers in front of your tanks, you park them and then you get re-supplied right after that. You don't have to say, hey, like we're going on tank battle better better go all the way to Berlin with this one. I don't know, Berlin's really far away. We don't have to make that far. We just have to make it 20 miles and then stop and then put up a defensive posture and then hopefully hold and come back in. Same with triceps. You don't have to look at your triceps after eight weeks of training three times a day and be like fuck. They're a lot bigger, but my elbow is hurt. Well, that's okay because then you can pull back and here's this super super important thing that I have to say. Many of you may already know, but if you don't, this will be a big insight for you, maintaining the size of a muscle is a trillion times a mildly exaggeratory is a lot easier and takes way less effort than getting a muscle to be bigger. Actually, the analogy for combat hold 100%. The offending army, the army on offense, typically is down to like a one to three advantage or something like that with the defending force. Defending force has the advantage. So what that means is if you grab some land, you can hold it a lot easier than you can take it. So it's okay to do a whole shitload of unsustainable stuff to take land. And then once you're holding it in its stable, take some of the forces and supplies away from that and put them other parts of the front. Same with triceps. Same with anything. It's okay to go three times a week and hammer the shitload of triceps, but then to maintain that new mass only go twice a week or even once a week to train triceps and they'll be perfectly fine and perfectly stable. There's this huge illusion in much of training that what you did to get there is what you need to do to maintain there. That I struggle to find an instance in which that's actually true. Outside of like. Fuck, maybe nothing. Even if you're talking about some very linear process like you're swimming upstream and a river. You assume, you know, 500 meters upstream and then you're asked to continue to swim upstream, but not move at all. Just stay where you are. Yeah, that requires a whole lot more effort than staying where you are in a river that's not flowing against you. But it's still minus the velocity added for when you swim in. So it's still easier. But in the training it's way, way, way, way way easier, not even close. I would think about it probably much more like, you know, like if you got rich at some point, how easy is it to stay rich. Well, unless you do something really stupid and if I have decent financial plan, it's not that hard. It's certainly not nothing, but it's way easier than getting rich in the first place. And you guys know, I'm all about getting rich on this fucking channel. I'm, see how my stocks are doing. Really good. I got stocks on my watch. It just says like, Dow Jones, Nasdaq, it's just stuff like the green red. It's got all those things. No, it doesn't have any of those things. I have no idea how my stocks are doing to be honest. Scott is stock market, though, what's his, what's the deal with? Bad. That means buy more. Steven on the fuckers. Always buy. Always buy. But always like, where as they say in Brazil, beach a coin. All right, beach coin aside. Higher frequency, more prioritization training the muscle first and training the muscle with all the best weapons. And if we want to take a really serious approach, we could actually reduce other training to make sure that our recovery for our try. And if we want to take a really serious approach, we could actually reduce the volume of the muscle groups. Or if you're really, really serious, you really need to just uncorrect the try set training. You may reduce synergist muscles more than others so that the try sets get the least fatigue possible from other muscle training, which they're used. For example, you use your shit out of your try sets when you're training chest and often when you're training front front delts with prices. So if you want your try sets to be fresh, most of the time, and really trained hard and that the asked to do more work where the recovery is impeached, it probably be whoves you to reduce your chest training volume significantly. If you really want to make a big push for try set. Can it be possible to prioritize chest and try sets at the same time? Yes, but that means you can't get maximum growth for either one of them. You could do really well, but not max. When you're constructing your specialized try set training plan, how do we take all the stuff we just learned and put it in? Well, we have some recommendations for frequency. I would consider training the try sets three or four times a week. But start with twice a week and if that goes well, the next muscle cycle and next month or so of training, I would increase the three times a week. And if that goes well, consider increasing to four before pulling back and going back to maintenance. As far as positioning in the week, I would train the triceps right before chest. All right, so let's say you have a chest and try set day Monday Wednesday Friday. That means the first couple exercises of triceps, the second couple or chest. I know what you're thinking. But Dr. Mike, how am I supposed to get my chest jacked if my chest is being trained after my triceps are already tired? Well, the triceps limit my chest from growing as much as possible. So, absolutely they will limit. But that's okay because your part hasn't triceps, not chest. Another alternative is to train your triceps hard the day after a very easy chest day, which means that the chest has barely been disrupted and it's not fatiguing and it's not limiting factor for that tricep work after. And it's right after that easy chest day, you train triceps which means the triceps have multiple days to go until chest is being trained hard again. Because you don't want to train triceps really hard Monday, then Tuesday train chest really hard because your sore triceps will permit your chest from being trained as hard as you can. And that extra training could potentially interfere with their recovery and their growth. So you really want to cool it and spread out your triceps such that there's a big possibility, their fresh and then a plenty of time to heal their fresh and then you're planning to heal their fresh and then you're planning to heal. If you are prioritizing any muscle, specializing in any muscle and you're often training it with it's not fresh. And you're often after you train it, not giving it much time to heal before you hit it again, either as a synergist or as a prime mover. You're not doing the best job again. As far as exercises. Look at me clearly out of for the guys. Any tricep exercise works really great. All of it comes down to stimulus to fatigue ratio. But a core of heavy extension movements, like sets of 10 to 20 in many cases, even sometimes 5 to 10, is what really grows big triceps in most cases. What I mean to say is if you want the biggest triceps possible, I wouldn't do like under hand one arm cable extensions in most cases. Unless you can objectively demonstrate that your stimulus to fatigue ratio on that is just superior. Look if you get mind altering pumps from that crazy delayed onset soreness and your triceps just jump in strength all the time if you're doing these black and under hand shits. Hey, I'll shake your hand. And you'll probably crush my hand with your normal striaps. But the reality is that most of those exercises. I don't know what to say other than a lot of times they're just attempted being lazy and sailing and you're training. Heavy score crushers, heavy jam presses, heavy overhead extensions. Heavy good push downs with two fucking hands and you've palms here instead of your thumb limiting if you go under hand. That's the kind of shit that really grows you're not the bullshit. It'll be pretty stuff. And a lot of times the bullshit's what people want to sprinkle in because it's easy. Remember I often an example of how not to train your triceps to bring them up is to do the cable rope extension even one arm will say. At the end of a workout. No, no, we want to have the extensions first. And of course plenty of dips are often a good idea and super setting a lot of extensions to close grip work or to dumbbell presses. So if you do some squat crushers, super setting into close grip bench can be really awesome. And even better ideas doing some squat crushers and some push downs is a more exciting to dumbbell presses inclined or flat or shoulder press. Because with dumbbell presses your chest can't help. You're chest can't help. It's not a closed system. So if you have mechanically, if you if you try your triceps off completely like through the nervous system, you can still do a close grip bench just by using your chest because the there's no movement this way for your grip. So any movement here at the at the humorous pushes the elbow this way and it has to extend you can extend your arm with zero tricep involvement if it's a fixed point like a barbell. If it's not a fixed point like a dumbbell, you go one way this way. One way that way your triceps have to turn on hard. So then all those dumbbell pressing movements you do as a super set after an extension movement are limited by the triceps almost exclusively. And you'll notice that because your pecs won't get a lot out of it. Your pecs can really turn on and help a lot in a machine or a barbell extension or a barbell press movement after an extension because they can sort of come in and do extra work with dumbbells they really can't do that. So dumbbells after some extensions is a really awesome way. Cause sometimes just doing a bunch of extensions just doesn't hit you as hard as you want it to. And you're doing eight sets of extensions over the fuck am I doing here. But if you do a set of extensions and then go right into a set of flat dumbbell press full deep stretch and a full fucking lock out right around like, like, number five over here you're gonna be like, holy balls and triceps you're gonna be lit on fire. Alright, so that's a really good idea to do. As far as set numbers as always start with two to six sets of tricep work per session. I sat that much. A lot of times people will make the mistake of saying hey man, tricep prioritization I'm gonna fucking hit it hard bro. So they do 12 sets of triceps three days a week and they're first week. What does that do that? Fries are triceps to the bar. It damages them so much that it does two bad things. One, the direct damage actually causes a competition for recovery resources between healing you and growing you. You actually end up growing less, fuck that. And two, that damage makes you so so and so weak that it interferes with the amount of overload you can impose on a triceps in later sessions and even next week. If you took a week of training and like if you were trying to get a manicure you know like, oh I got to get my nails look a little better. You just got a hammer you're like, bam, don't do that. Right, easy and suited success is not that many. But after you get a really good pump and we're good feeling you'll sore for a few days then heals. You go, that was pretty good. And the next week you'll be able to do more and then more and then more and then more and remember the point is not to do a lot of sets. The point is to do the correct amount of sets that challenges you adequately and heals you just on time to do another hard workout. That's it. That's like when you go to restaurant, the point is not to eat as much food as possible. The point is to eat as much food as they shade. It gives you a really good type. Could be as much food as possible, but then your priorities are all fucked up. So loading and reps generally speaking there's only one recommendation here. Use the loading and rep ranges same same two sides of the same coin. To get the best stimulus to fatigue ratios possible the best pumps the best burns the best tension in the tricep. The best perturbation like always show my tries was fucked up. The ramping doing weird stuff the best delay nonsense so on us etc etc. And that'll be different between different exercises too. Some people get a ton of dips for sets of 10 but sets of 20 is just kind of your shoulders start to get really tired. And they're trying to super like yeah. Skull crushers might be great for sets of 10 to 20 for 20 to 30 or forms might actually just start burning. And then push downs might be amazing for sets of 20 to 25 even 30 reps. But if you do sets of eight with push downs they're like I don't know man. This is a heavy. This takes like 10 seconds total. I don't feel like I'm doing enough work to actually justify it so it really depends on the exercise. So as far as king what I will say is if you have heavier and lighter exercises in a session. So you're doing dips for sets of 5 to 10. Skull crushers 10 to 15 the same session. Do the dips first. It's almost always a good idea to do the heavier stuff first because heavier stuff requires a little bit of neural recruitment and you can't go heavy if you're tired. But can you burn out a muscle with higher reps if you're tired? Yeah, I can. So remember that heavier almost always goes first. Lighter goes second. And that means the conventional pyramiding thing. We do high reps first and then eventually you multiple sets later get to low reps is Dom is rocks and it's fucking backwards I wouldn't do. If you have a weekly structure which you should money was a Friday let's say. I recommend going heavier early in the week because what you do is you go heavier early in the week. Yes, your connective tissues will take a little bit of a beating. But you're fresh then that's okay. By the end of the week when you're going lighter you're not asking much out of your connective tissues. For example, let's say you weren't lighter earlier in the week and your elbows are feeling a little weird. Now I'm asking you to go heavier later in the week with elbows that are already a little bit pre-fetied. You might be into some pain and might not be able to do much. Now if we flip that order and we do heavy first your elbows will feel not so great maybe on Wednesday or Friday. But now I'm asking you to do light high reps stuff which actually might make your elbows feel better. It's like a little bit of a rehab at that and still get you a great workout. And then you take the weekend off you really, really heal and you go back to heavy. So it's kind of like heavy at the beginning of the week and lighter all the way through. It's backwards I know ideally if someone had a manhood shit you want to do lighter and then heavier and heavier bro. And the week on a high note but you're not trying to end weeks on high notes you're trying to grow muscle. We have to follow logical principles thereof. What about progress we know we start with two to six sets but what do we go from there. If you can heal on times of what you're no longer so we're before your next try sub session and you feel really strong again. You can add like something like one set to that session equivalent next week. So if Monday you train triceps you train them again on Wednesday and by Wednesday you were completely healed no so on us and you felt really fucking strong. Let's say that that Monday you did four sets next time you could do five sets. If you barely just healed on time for that Wednesday and you felt strong but you were like dude if it was three hours difference of a workout it wouldn't have felt a strong don't increase that period. If you just barely recovered never add sets if you're well recovered and you're like I could do way more and benefit. Add a few sets and see how it goes. So what you don't do is you're not trying to add sets you're seeing how your workout goes and if your workout's a little too easy. Add a few sets or just add one set see how it goes next week. So it's easy add another set then usually you get into a groove where workouts are great and you're not adding a whole lot of sets and that's close to your maximum adaptive volume right there. Rups and reserve as always or almost always start with like three reps and reserve in the first week and then increase load and or ups five pounds here 10 pounds here a wrap here two reps there over the weeks to make sure that you're getting closer and closer to failure until you're planned failure point or one or zero reps and reserve. Resurrect and reserve is hit in that last week before you do load. And that's it. And the entire time you're trying to beat your rep performance or load performance just by a tiny smidge. I can't repeat this anymore than I already have. Little tiny PRs week after week are the. Lifeblood of massive muscles and massive strength levels after some time. The idea of putting a shit little weight on the bar. Like week one you do score crushers with 100 pounds week two you like fuck yeah 115. Uh-huh. Not a good idea you should do 105 and then 110 and 115. But also you can raise your reps during that time if it's really too easy. And then it's sustainable your elbows on her your ego is not hurt you could do that again another month. And I'll send you're doing 130 for score crushers and you have fucking big triceps as opposed to going 100 115. 120 doesn't go that well you're actually weaker because you want way too far with the ones 15 you have to recycle deal with them and you don't even. I called deal with them and you don't even know where you are little tiny additions are almost always good. So that your reps and reserve drop by like one every week three hour and the first week then two then one then zero then deal with. All right. What does that look like so it's a lot of theory what does that look like here is a try sub training program you could try you could try doing this for a bit of. But remember if not the program is just a program so there's many ways to skin a cat and so I always say the cat hates all the ways unless it's a really really. The massacist a cat and he might like it by the way free promo to metrics RTD 51 because it has 51 grams of protein that's an interesting advertising strategy two grams of carbohydrate and two grams of fat not bad and it tastes like. Oh, I got. It coats the throat with I don't know what. It's a fine drink to find drink it works. It was on sale at my hour. What are you guys more all right. Tuesday Thursday Saturday we train triceps in this plan. Let me tell you guys about the RP hypertrophy app with over 28 preset programs already in the app you could choose to make your own you could modify an existing program or you could just run the programs exactly as they were written by. If we go to the e-person, this app programs everything for you exercises weights sets reps frequency the whole thing after every single workout and every single week the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one you never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. download the RP hypertrophy app today. Tuesday we start with barbell skull crushers, just like dad did them just like grandpa did them. You guys remember those photos of your grandpa showed you from the civil war. Uh-huh. Your great grandpa was doing skull crushers and my mother fuck, big ass tri-sets. Slap generally across the face, backhand slab, holy. Slot a bone there, bam. In any case, barbell skull crushers for two sets of five to 10 reps. That's heavy, but for many people, that's right in the money. Barbell skull crushers again, sometimes when we put out our team full-run programs to our team full-run training group on Facebook and Instagram, you guys can find us. There's probably links below to sign up. We'll do barbell skull crushers barbell skull crushers and people will be like, is that a typo? Nope. It's down sets. So you do barbell skull crushers five to 10 reps, a three RIR, and then you lower the weight and do them for sets of 10 to 15 reps. A lot of times that can check a few boxes. One checks your heavy training box, which is sweet. And another one is after you go heavy, if you go light after with the same exercise, you're so grooved in, you're so potentiated for that exercise, that that lightwork feels amazing and you're super strong even on that lightwork. So sometimes a down set is, or a few down sets is everything the doctor ordered. And then after that, you go to incline close grip, eventually this routine we designed to put triceps on the front burner and packs on the back burner. You need any other pack days for this. This is all of your pushing more. Incline close grip bench for two sets, 10 to 15 reps at the end, three reps and reserve of that Tuesday workout. Should be right here. I look, that's not gonna get your chest to hold up bigger, probably not any bigger, but it will maintain it, which is awesome, it's all we need. And because it's incline close grip, oh my God, your triceps are already pre-feteed, it's just more like hammer bashing your triceps. This is gonna be, this is a tougher team. Thursday, okay, we know that our triceps have multiple ways of working, multiple heads, and they work best from different angles. So we're gonna go overhead on Thursday. And that's partially by design because we're gonna go back to a different plane of motion later on Saturday. But we sort of want some variation. We don't want to hammer the same structures over and over and over. We're gonna give them a break. So all of our work is like this and like this. On Tuesday on Thursday, all of our work is gonna be overhead and then more horizontal. So we're avoiding the exact same angles day after day after day. So easy bar overhead extensions for two sets of five to 10 reps. Again, easy bar overhead extensions, down sets for another two sets of 10 to 15 reps, amazing, should have really pumped triceps by then. And then check it out. As we were talking about earlier, flat dumbbell presses for two sets of 10 to 20 reps, really fries the triceps, helps the pecks grow or maintain a little bit awesome stuff. These are all programs I've done in the past and they've worked tremendously well. I have like gigantic arms as far as I can tell, but my my steps aren't that big because my triastopes are fucking insane. And I owe it all to this kind of bullshit. He's like me, patting myself on my head. Good job, Mike. You've big triceps. Yeah. Saturday, we start with weighted dips because yeah, for some people they work really, really well. Weighted dips for triceps are kind of like squats are for quads in a certain sense. Some people do better with leather extensions and leg presses and hacksquots, but good old fashioned high bar squats are fucking awesome. And good old fashioned weighted dips can fuck your triceps up in a big way, especially if you go deep. And especially if many of our technique videos recommend, instead of pushing your chest forward and doing this, staying upright in really bending at the elbow, puts a crazy stretch on the triceps at the bottom of the movement, amazing stuff. Weighted dips for three sets of 10 to 15 reps I'm assuming you're strong here, enjoy. After that, you do a drop set, or drop sets, three drop sets of cable push downs, which means you basically get in there. And there's a couple of ways to do this. One is you could just do drop sets the entire time. So you do a set of 100, sorry, a set of 28 reps, what is it? 10 to 20? I set of 20 reps at 100. You go down to 75, you do a set of another, whatever, how many you can do three reps and reserve. And you go down to 65 and you do another one, another set. You could do it like that. Or these can be drop sets that are within sort of clustered within each set. So three sets here could mean you do 120 and then you do 60 for let's say 10, you rest. You did one drop set situation, you rest for normal time, two minutes or whatever until all the four factor checkbox are done. And then you go when you do another set of drop set. So it's two and two and two, that's three sets. That's brutal. Interpreter this anyway, you like. You can try one of the other. Just make sure to do them consistently. After that, way to dips, got the heavy shit done. cable push down drop sets, got the light shit done, you're trying to survive. And then you do deficit, close grip push ups, OMG, tricep destruction and your pecks get hit pretty well. This program, if you try it, you had better have a really good volume tolerance for try subs to begin with. I'll put you this way, if I was doing this exact program, I would take a set off of the priority here and there, I actually can't survive a program like that, unless I'm weeks into training and I'm really used to. Right off hand, I can't fucking do this, this is way too much for me, so be careful. Now, these volumes will change. So what happens with multiple weeks of adding sets, multiple weeks of adding weight and multiple weeks of reducing how many reps and reserve getting close to failure, it could look, it could look something like this, just for you guys as viewing pleasure. So barbell score crushers, we started at four sets and four sets, sorry, we started at two sets and two sets in the first week. Finally, we could be doing four sets for each one. Inclined close grip bench, sorry, two sets could be three sets at the end. How committed increased more for inclined coach group? Because we're on purpose not trying to increase a lot of chest work, most of the increasing on the triceps. All right, try some program. Two sets and two sets for easy overhead, try some extension in the first week, in the last week, four sets and three sets, flat dumbbell presses go on that day and that Thursday, from two sets to three sets again, same pattern, we don't want to increase chest work at ton. For Saturday, weighted dips start at three sets, cable push downs at three sets and then deficit close grip push ups at two sets and then it's so three, three, two and the ends up at four, five, three. That five is because a lot of times drop sets, you fatigue so much set to set to set that adding more and more drop sets, doesn't fatigue you that much more or give you that much more of a stimulus. It does a little bit, but you have to do a lot more additions. Like if your third set was 80 pounds for a set of six and your first set was 100 pounds for set of 20, adding another set of 70 for set of five, drop set. It's not that much more work. It's not like adding another set when you're super fresh and rested. So drop sets, you can often add more. That doesn't mean you should try to add more. It's just a lot of regulation you're realizing, oh, if I added a set, it wouldn't be that much, but do. All right. That's the program. Next question, one of the last, how long to specialize for? Ideally, you want to specialize for a training block, which means three mesocycles, increases for several weeks, three to five week increase, deal load. That's one mesocycle. Ideally, you would do three of those stacked together, triceps, triceps, triceps, triceps. Start with twice a week, trice up training, and the first one, then go to three times a week, then go to four times a week. You try sets and elbows and shoulders and trash by the end of that. You take an active rest phase or a low volume maintenance phase, and you come back and you can either train the rest of your body normally, try some some normally, take another specialization, your specialized on chest now or quads now, or you can do another triceps specialization program. As long as you take that either active rest for two weeks after, we're a low volume resensitization phase for four weeks after, one of those blocks, three mesocycles of triceps training. You can eliminate so much fatigue after those that you can do another block after that. So you can just perpetually prioritize your triceps, turn into Kevin LeVron, Google Lab, and be like Holy fuck, the hell happened as triceps. Mostly genetics. As you go from one mesocycle to another in that specialization phase, you may choose to lighten the loads a little bit, or rather not lighten the loads, do more of your training in the higher rep rangeers, because as you increase frequency from two to three to four times a week, your ability to recover, joint and connective tissue-wise, day to day to day, may drop considerably, because the days are more frequent. You might start doing lots of sets of five to ten, and the second meso mostly sets of ten to twenty. In the last meso, many sets of 20 to 30, so that you're not relying on your elbow integrity much anymore, because it's just not there anymore. Then you take an active rest phase, or you take a low volume, resensitization phase, everything heals up, elbows shoulders, and you can go back to heavy training a little bit less frequently in that next run. You can change exercises when you feel like an exercise, we get you a better stimulus to fatigue ratio than the alternative. So what does that mean really? That means if I'm doing over-air tries to pick extensions, and they're just going unfucking believably, I don't take them out. I do a whole mesocycle with them, and after the meso, I think about it. Should I do this again? Well, my pumps towards the end were amazing. My elbows didn't hurt at all. I love the exercise, the mind muscle connection is awesome. Fuck it, I'm keeping it in. Whereas if you had some cable push downs and towards the end, they felt kind of like, you kind of work connecting with them, and your elbows kind of hurt a little bit, you weren't getting super great pumps, and it took you a lot of sets to actually get anything to work. Then maybe you take them out, you replace them with some other alternative. You know, jam presses look pretty cool. Remember trying them, and they felt great. I'm gonna try them on the my D-Load and see how it goes. So that way exercise deletion and replacement occurs more naturally, sort of more organically, in the sense that when you need to delete and replace an exercise you do, based on it has a better SFR. And if you don't, you keep it in. A lot of times, you've lasted a question of like, should I rotate my exercises every time I do a new mess of cycle? Every six weeks should I do an exercise? I mean, all that. Question is only answered yes. If you're saying, well, there is an exercise here that's really low in SFR now, and I can do a much better job, stimulus to fatigue ratio, why is if I choose another exercise? If that exercise is still golden for you, fuck man, you can do an exercise for eight months straight, and not bad of fucking you. Voila. That's it. That's all we got. Now, you may have watched this video go, holy shit, that's a lot of information, but how do I build man program or how do I learn more about this? We have some links in the description for you, and I will tell you about a few of them. First, we have a free exercise video library. We're tons of exercises, program usually, or sorry, demonstrated by I-F-VV Pro-Jerred Feather. So those look really cool, you can see like, what the fuck isn't over at easy bar tries to bookstanti them? What is it talking about the whole time? Look at the video. Oh, okay, and I'm actually in the, we should not have the volume. I'm in the background talking through the exercise, describing how to do it. Really simple videos, each one's like 30 seconds long. Yet you go on on the right technique. We have a muscle group training guide where it's basically all the stuff I said, except broken down into a million pieces, with super high level of detail and complexity. That's something RP website will link it right in. So it's all the muscle groups there, try some spikes, substitutes, etc. All have their own guide, each one's like 10 pages long. Frequency, volume, exercises, modalities, all that stuff is in there. So if you really like, wow, before I try to prioritize my triceps, I really want to learn a shit load about how triceps work, and how to best train them, and all the exercises I could use, read those articles and hold you fuck. You'll be way ahead of the game. If you need a refresher course on some of these terms, and on the general principles of training, because you're like, what the fuck? You keep saying SFR, what's the fuck is that? Hi, Portrafy made simple. Link below 16 videos or something like that. Each one of them, like, eight minutes long, tells you about sets and reps and failure and rest times and stimulus and fatigue, so that you can understand all the stuff that's made super simple, so you can get you going and get you growing triceps, which because that's clearly the important thing to do in your life. If you want to learn a shit load more at a very deep level, we have the hypertrophy book, scientific principles of hypertrophy training, co-authored by myself, Jared Feather, Melissa Davis, and James Hoffman, and that's a sweet book. It's super, super highly-indapted. It's hundreds of pages long, tons of citations and all sorts of crap, and it's not free, but it's cheap. All right, see? I got your hooked up. Can't do free, but I can do cheap. If all this sounds really great, and you want to build your own program, but you're like, fuck man, you know, Microsoft Excel, is that how people build programs? I want to build custom program, one of my supposed to do, do I just make it on my iPhone Notes program? We have our custom training template, builder program. It's a hundred bucks for you to build a six-week routine from our website, and it's download it as an Excel file for you. Thing is though, it's not a hundred bucks for six weeks. It gives you a routine that you designed. You tell us which muscles you want to train, so you would say, I want to train in five days a week, and I want to put triceps on specialization. There's actually what you compress specialization for triceps. Put all the other muscles that you want. The program gets turned into you, and you can drop down all the exercises you want to use. And thus you can use it for six weeks, and then use it again for six weeks, and use it again for six weeks, altering the exercises and the repringures a little bit to your liking. So if you want a tricep program that lasts for 18 weeks, the entire three mesocycle stack together, you can buy that for just a hundred bucks. And if you ever want to come back to it a year later, it's still there, and you can use it again. So yes, it's a hundred bucks for six weeks program, but at last you weigh more than six weeks if you want, it can last you 18, 24, 30, all those number weeks. So it's pretty sweet. In any case, all that stuff is below. So is the like button, so it's a subscribe button. Hit that shit. If you guys want to know tons more stuff and get access to much more in-depth insight, and early releases and special releases of videos, you don't get on the main channel, consider subscribing to our membership shit, which should have like a join button somewhere around here. And it's fun. It's a party. So come join us. Folks, thank you so much. See you next time.