Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pre-Dization. Welcome back. Last week we had simple ways to improve your bench, but clearly that did work for you because you're back next week. This week for the advanced stuff, let's get into a advanced periodization to increase your bench. I will say, I would go back if you haven't watched the simple tips video just to make sure you're green, checkboxing all the stuff because if the simple stuff hasn't been done yet, a lot of times the advanced stuff doesn't work all that well, or it's just a put another way, it's much easier to do this simple stuff and get really big fixes. If you've exhaust of the simple tricks and they don't work anymore, or if you want to apply the simple tips in a more structured manner, this is the video for it. I would say, watch that video first. Benefits is you learn more stuff and also gives me more Lamborghini money and then we can all be on the same page. So the sequence to improving your bench press is almost identical to that from previous squat and will be almost identical or future weeks to improving your deadlift and it is as followers. You find the limiting factors in your bench press, you do hypertrophy work to increase the ability of those limiting factors, the smaller muscles that are pulling your weight so to speak, then you do a strength phase that you do a peaking phase, you test your max, great success, your max is improved back to the drawing board and repeat the process. So limiting factors, questions for you at home to figure out what to work on for your bench. Do you miss your benches at the chest or very close to the chest? Hold that thought. Do you miss the benches at just a bit above the chest where you would stop a spotopress for example? Google that shit. Or third, do you miss your bench halfway up or higher? Anywhere here or closer to lock out? Usually you'll be missing benches. Most of them in just one specific area. It's not like you miss some benches at the chest and some benches almost to lock out. Most people, individuals at any one time in their training career will typically miss the vast fraction of their benches at one and not the other two of those heights. So that's a big deal. In addition to that, if you don't train to failure all the time or if you haven't you know, flubbed any one or Emma attempts where the bench gets disproportionately harder for you works the same. Instead of do you miss your benches at the chest or very close? Isn't that at the very bottom? It's really tough and then as you push out it gets much easier. Whereas it's pretty easy at the bottom that you hit a slowdown and the low point midway and that it's easier? Or is it one of these things that it's not terrible from the bottom but then you get up to close to lock out and you have a really, really hard time. Based on where the difficulty is, you apply the same logic as is based on where the failure point is. Same. Same. Now here's the thing. The likely causes, at least the possible causes, which we're going to attack here are as follows. If you're missing your bench at the chest or you know, just lower down than that normal sticking point of two or three inches up, chest, size and strength is probably limiting factor for you. And if you had a bigger stronger chest you could probably miss your benches at another place but miss them at higher weights. You'd be stronger. If you miss your benches just a little bit above the chest, a couple inches above the chest, that's where biomechanically you should be missing benches if you're built like the average person. So you're overall pushing strength of limiting factor, which means we can steer a program to attend to that. And if you are in a situation where you're missing your benches halfway up past the midway point or higher, then triceps strength is more likely to be something that you were missing out on and then increasing the size and strength of your triceps is probably probably already number one. So for yourself, figure out which one of these is closest to your situation and then go from there. Now. After that, you figure out let's say, oh, chest is what is really limiting beyond bench because I fail at very low position in my bench press. You're going to design a program that trains limiting factor movements and muscles first or early in the program and slightly more off. So you're going to be doing chest work, early in your program, and a lot of chest work throughout the week. For example, you will still fit in tricep work and overall pressing work. You'll still do the rest of your program, but just less because if you do more of one thing, you usually have to do less of another because your recovery ability is finite. And what you're going to do is you're going to construct these muscles cycles, these training programs to put some fucking meat on your chest or triceps or overall, whatever it is that you were sort of diagnosed with in that first part. And you're going to increase the size of those muscles preferentially over multiple mesocycles of training mostly in the five to ten repetition range in a variety of exercises that target those muscle groups. That's going to be sweet. You're going to have much bigger and actually much stronger ability to press. Then you're going to enter a strength phase because you want to express yourself optimally and actually make the muscle stronger as well as bigger. You're going to switch around at that point to doing much more bench pressing first because strength phase it's time to get stronger on the bench and that means you need to practice fresh with the bench press more off and the actual competition lift. You're going to keep that limiting factor training and keep it hard still plenty of intensity still plenty of volume. Not as much as before, but you're still going to gain lots of strength in the chest specifically where the triceps is if they were all around. You're still going to gain even a little bit of size, but for the most part you're going to be doing this three to six wrap range, they are strength for the presses and for some of the assistance work like flies, which you can't go that heavy. It's not super safe. Do you do in the sets of five to eight in that wrap range? Once you get down with a strength phase, you will get into a peaking phase where you have heavy core work of your actual lifts and you have some accessory volume. After a few weeks, your accessory volume declines and falls off. After a few more weeks, your core volume starts to decline. That's called the taper. It reduces fatigue while your fitness stays constant or actually goes up a little bit. Fitness-mattice fatigue is preparedness, your abilities go up. You do a moderate max test and voila, your bench has improved. As a sample program, let's just say you miss benches like at the bottom of very close to the bottom of the chest. And we think, ooh, your pecs could be bigger and stronger and that would really help you in the bench press. Right? So, here's the thing, how would we do this? By the way, another test, just a random little tip at for you guys. Another test of if it's your chest or your triceps this limiting factor is find out what people of your relative strength typically do for close grip bench, full range motion and for regular bench and see where your close grip is relative to your regular. If your close grip sucks compared to your regular, then your chest is not a limiting factor. Most likely because you're triceps a relatively weaker. If your close grip is outlanderously higher than average, but your bench press itself is not great. It's your pecs that are brought to the lifetimes. This is another interesting way to corroborate that and find that out. But let's say you say, you can clear okay, I need a need more chest stuff. It's the chest that's limiting factor. Your hypertrophy mesocycles could look something like this. Three days of press training. Day one, you do a lot of sets of five to seven reps on the heavy end of the hypertrophy range. And wide grip presses do a little bit of tricep work after. Remember triceps are on the back burner this entire time. Sets of eight to ten on day two and wide grip incline and flat flies. More pecwork just a bit of a different angle for variation. A little bit of tricep laughter. Day three, you're going to do a technique slash recovery day. Lots or not lots, a few sets of three to six repetitions in the competition bench with a pause keeping those motor patterns fresh. It's a really good at venturing itself. You never forget how to bench. Really good technique. Pause at bottom. That's it. Leave the gym. Monday, Wednesday, Friday, for example. By next Monday, because that Friday was super easy, you'll be really healed and be able to get a lot out of that day one. Day two, you'll still be a little bit messed up from day one, a little bit tired, but notice the repetition ranges are higher and the movements are different. So it might enter not interfere with your workout at a ton. That's a really good thing. In Monday, Wednesday, Friday is a great way to do this. Also Monday, Thursday, Saturday is a great way to do this because Saturday, if you do the really light benches for a few sets of three, six reps, it's not a big deal and you'll recover no problem by Monday. So that's another way to conceive of it. That way, Monday to Thursday gives you more time to recover from those mega workouts. Strength Mezzo could look something like this. The first Mezzo cycle, which is a little bit of a lighter Mezzo, the second Mezzo, the heavier. Day one is you start with five to six sets in the wide grip press. We're still prioritizing the chest specific movements first, the first and the week. Day two, or some tricep work after that, no big deal. Day two, five to six repetition range sets in the competition bench. Now getting stronger at the very thing you want sets of five to eight reps and dumbbell flies after, still kicking it to the chest like we promised, a little bit of triceps. Day three, same as always, light work with a competition bench sets of three to six, maybe three to five sets of three to six at like 50% of our undergrad Max, easy work, technique, over. Get you a great recovery, great technical training, all good things. That's up another excellent week of pressing mark. Mezzo cycle two of your strength work getting ready for peaking is going to look a little bit different. Day one is sets of three to four in the paused competition bench. Now we have fully transitioned to be like, okay, this is specific training for that movement. And it's your first time going really heavy on that movement as well. And it's quite some time, a little bit of tricep work after that. Day two, it's all right there. Sets a five to six in the wide grip bench. Still maintaining that wide grip ability to increase our chest strength and some sets of wide grip in-clined bench. Also sets of five to six. And all of a sudden your pressing is as much better. But we're doing more core pressing and less flies and stuff like that. Really transferring our work into compound push. Day three, same as it was this entire program, easy work. Sets a three to six competition bench. Lastly peaking mezzo. Day one would be sets of singles and doubles in your actual bench stuff. Very easy tricep work after competition benching. Day two sets a three to four with a pause competition benching, slightly more volume, a bit more of a strength stimulus in that peaking paradigm. And a bit of wide grip benching, a sets a five to eight in a little tricep work after. Right? Still, we know chest is only an factor. We're still trying to bang that out as close to the peak as we can. Now after a few weeks, about two weeks, you pull that wide grip work all together. You pull it out of the program so that your body begins to heal much faster than it was being stimulated. Your fitness no longer goes up. It stays flat, but your fatigue stress to fall. And a week or two after that, you start to reduce the volume on actual bench press lifts. You do a taper, a little deal at the end, try your max. It'll almost certainly be better. The real core here is to pick good movements that fit your needs. If you're chest is weak, pick the chest movements. And just add five pounds to them every week. Try to maintain those reps where they are. When you get tired, do you load repeat? With this paradigm and this structure, this is my best guess. It had to increase your bench. And if it doesn't work, just throw something up a stupid fucking TV. If you watch me on your television, of course, if you're watching me on your cell phone, just crush the thing, but hopefully I don't stop ways to someone sees that. They're like, I don't really don't worry. I'd never do this to a human or all of them at once. That's always convincing. Folks, see you next week for more insights, probably on another thing. If I had to guess, please.