Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrridsation. Today's topic is how does alcohol affect your recovery? Oh boy, you've friggin' can't swear early in the YouTube video, apparently, the algorithm? Alkie's in here. You sober up, pay attention. Put your earphones in. Take your hands off the steering wheel, move park your car. Don't drive. Here we go. It turns out that alcohol has upsides and downsides for recovery. Upides of alcohol for recovery, now I'm listening. What are they? First, alcohol can let you relax more, which is a big deal. People who have like a few drinks on some evenings after work and really less than whine down that f-bucking huge deal. Number two, alcohol can let you be more social. And it has been shown time and time again that social interaction is like damn near a panacea to a shitload of conditions, including generalized recovery. If you get to spend some social time and great situations, great people, it's a huge effect on your recovery, which is also a big deal. If you can be social without alcohol, your boy needs no drugs to be social. Fuck, butterfly. Shut up, Mike. What's that? I'm talking to 800 other people. And you're good. But if alcohol really helps you get out of your shell and chatted all up and have fun, hey, that's definitely a benefit. Number three, alcohol can increase your appetite. You guys know when you have two drinks at the restaurant before appetizers come and they're like, what do you want? You're like, oh, I got a fucking list. And she's like, what the fuck? I don't have a drink. I didn't mean to. You start crying at the restaurant. They can't keep you out. No way. I don't want to happen. They're like, oh my god, thank you for asking. And you order half the menu. Because some people get them munchies when they're drink. I don't mean drinking a fucking gallon and them throwing up all the munchies. I mean drinking a couple drinks and then like get a whole hungry need lot. If you have recovery problems because you're never eating enough, then your couple drinks get to eating. Hey, that might be at a very least some fraction of benefit. Next, alcohol can car blow to you. If you have like five or six beers and they're like not the light beers, the full on beers, that can load up carbs wise. And then the next day in the gym, if you slept well, you slept so you stopped drinking early. How do you get nice sleep? You can come in. Get the pump of your life because you're so carb loaded. We have to nod that that as a thing. And number five, a lot of people have an experience with alcohol work, eases them into sleep. And sleep is whole potent for the recovery process. It is kind of like the king of the whole recovery court. Who's the queen? Oh yeah, the queen is like just relaxation. And the jack is like personal time to destress. He's like man, shut up. Anyway, sleep is a big deal. In a falka halps you sleep a little bit, get you to sleep. We have to come thin in the positive column. Amazing. So the combination here just to review is drink as much as you can and you'll recover. See you next time. Just kidding, you're still with us, right? Then God, it's got to be there. How many people do you think? Well, great. Clip, alcohol, I think that's alright. I'll hang on here every limb. Bad news. Alcohol has some downsides as well to recover. Hopefully nobody put the YouTube phone down after this. It's not possible for tons of alcohol related maladies. Six downsides, at least that I can think of first. Alcohol is a poison. You guys know that. It actively poisons you. It had high concentration poisons you a lot and that falks up your recovery to basic biochemical level. That. Number two, alcohol directly and via hormonal pathways interferes with muscle growth and repair. That. Number three is it disrupt a bunch of other hormones that are good for recovery. Bad. Number four is alcohol dehydrates you, which is a big no no for recovery. Bad can be mitigated with drinking, you know, a ton of fluids outside of actually boozing, but the very least is annoying. Number five, even if alcohol gets to sleep, especially if you drink quite a bit, three or four drinks or more, you can notably and predict it will be disrupt the sleep quality of the sleep that follows and often you end up waking up earlier and you're like, if you really stress, then I'm awake. So if the alcohol hubs get you to sleep and more alcohol still helps get you to sleep, sometimes against your own will passing out. There is a chance that that has a net benefit, but as you drink more more alcohol, the net benefit gets crushed and reversed and now it's a net negative. A net cost because yes, it still gets you to sleep, but the sleep duration is shorter. And especially the quality of the sleep is so much lower that you know, she lists. Yes, you're sleeping, but you're not recovering. Right. You've ever seen someone in the New York City, you know, next to one of the clubs, it's four in the morning and they're like, past out, sitting up, like right by the club. Like, they're not as open, they're coming out. Is that I did? No, that guy's alive. Barely. And I'm like, he's got a clubbing shirt on still. And you wouldn't walk by that scene and be like, recovery. It's going to be so ready for his next work. I'm like, they're sleeping on cement slab upright. He's going to be at all kinds of paint tomorrow. And that's not good sleep. That's his body being like, hey, let's shut it down so we can not die. That's your computer on sweet mode. It's not making any updates. Point number six, alcohol and some situations can make you do dumb shit that hurts recovery. All kinds of things seem like good ideas if you're drunk. Even things like, let's dance the night away. There's not a lot of really jacked people in serious athletes in dance the night away. His dance to that away is kind of its own sport, a sport, by the way, which I'm globally ranked at. Look me up. I'm a Scott how many times have I won the ballroom dancing world championships at this point? Scott's laughing is the stop coming. It just got old. I want to challenge. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the hot dog guy, right? Yeah, yeah. You're stuck with the sweat and so there's a good show. And I still do it at home, but I don't even go out anymore. I don't even show off anymore. So what are the implications here? Alcohol can be good for your recovery if you don't drink it or if just one or a few drinks gets you to do more of the good stuff and gets you more of the benefits. If it relaxes you, it doesn't hurt your sleep. It helps you eat a little bit more, helps you socialize. Then hey, gravy. Enjoy, but you're going to be honest about it. You got to see it. It's not that hard. After you drink for a week, like let's say every other night or a couple drinks, you have that week when this far as recovery. It's not fucking rocket science. You're doing yeah, I felt great. You've gone next week. You don't drink and you're like, I know I feel afraid of frasal little stress from work and ever kind of relax. It was hard to get to sleep. Fuck that. One should drink tonight amazing. Whatever. But if you're like, you know, had a few more drinks or wondering if you're going to do it for you, you can be honest with yourself. And I guess of course, that was not helpful and I shouldn't do it or I shouldn't potentially do it. I understand that it comes into recovery downside. Recovery is not everything. Sometimes you have to have some fun, but just know what you're getting yourself in. And lastly, alcohol is bad for recovery. If you drink a lot a lot, like getting drunk all the time, it's not good for recovery in almost anyone. But also just one or a few drinks if it doesn't get you the upsides, like it does for some people and it's just you move them down sides. Then just don't drink because it's just way more downsides. I'm sorry, you can still drink. If it gets you some other upsides, they didn't list here, but certainly for recovery, I just wouldn't recommend it. So quick personal insight. I really did try through my 20s and now through my 30s, I've tried a few times to really get into drinking. I know that sounds crazy, but I have the opposite of alcoholism genetically. So I'm like, I don't like people are like, oh, try this beer. It's so good. It smells like something went wrong. I hate the fucking taste of it. I hate the smell. It's off beer wine. I've never had an alcohol drink which I actually enjoyed. Unless it was jungle juice that one time when I was 22 years old. Four cups of it and I turned to my friend who was putting on the party and I was like, hey, hey, how many drink equivalents would you say? Is it each cup of this that I just had? She's like, I like two and a half and I was like, per cup, but she's like, uh, I was like, oh, guys, did that in 20 minutes? I just had 10 drinks in 20 minutes. I drink three times a year. Either say there were times where I would just teleport to places. I was like, oh, I'm in a new place. Who am I talking to? In one point, I was talking to this one girl I knew from high school. And she was saying things from alpha's moving, but what I was here was like, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I don't understand language anymore. Unbelievable. So maybe it's not good for me to have alcohol that I think tastes good. In any case, when I have a couple of drinks, especially recently, um, I just like, uh, I think I've reached a point where I'm about as social as anyone can be like, I just don't have social anxiety anymore. I don't remember last time I did. A back when I was younger, I had a ton that when I was in college, I had drink every now and again and it would really help me socialize. Nowadays, I'm like, just a fucking chatty, cathy. I was like, go meet random people in the street and I'll probably. And so when I drink alcohol, it doesn't make me any more social anymore. I have to have fun, but it just feels sick right away. I got headache after like two drinks. I start urinating everything out of my body. I'm like, this is just annoying. And I also get like, a little bit more combatant than like, kind of like, comfort, a confrontational outwardly, but in my own head. I'm like, someone says something. I'd normally like, oh, that's silly. In my own head, someone says something. I had like three drinks and I'm like, that's funny, stupid. And I'm like, oh, uh, uh, uh, and yeah, this is not for me, right? So am I really Russian? Jesus Christ, but that was I adopted or some shit. How does this happen? So for me, I don't drink alcohol, almost ever. Roll the dice and just not landing in the right fucking spots. If alcohol works for you in moderation, in a way that can promote recovery, amaze. If alcohol means you have a ton of fun, but it hurts your recovery, just understand the margins you're making trade-offs at and work from their logic. If you want to hear more nerd stuff like this, more into the weeds, then give our members area a try. It's five bucks a month and you get extra videos every month. And we have a team full-round forum, links in the description where you can ask me a bunch of questions and I reply to them in video chat with a huge community of members. You can assess your physique progress. We can give you feedback on your technique. If you post it, for example, on video of your deadlift, we can show you how to do your deadlift better and work with us week to week. Everyone in the forum is super friendly and timed. Everyone is there to help. Everyone's very smart. Except for me, I usually just learn from them and try to do that. That sounds stupid. It does always work. Anyway, guys, thank you so much and we'll see you next time.