Hey folks, Dr. Mike here with Renaissance Prudization. I'd purchase a myth. Number three today doing the same rep pyramid during your warm upsets. A strange myth. What the hell does that even mean? Before I get going, we're going to talk about what the myth actually is. Talk about how it might make some good points. Definitely talk about how it makes some bad points and not some great points. And a little bit of real talk to get our sense of where we are in space about this whole thing. So the myth is that you should train like this. You pick a rep target. Let's say him sets a ten or sets a five to ten. And you pick just one actual rep number. Let's say ten. And you do it for all of the warm ups while linearly adding weight. And then you do that weight at least some of the sets for the top sets when you get warmed up. So here's what this looks like. For example, on the live press. Let's say you want to use 585 for at least one set of ten. And then maybe sets of less than ten after or even drop sets or whatever. 585 six plates on a side for the leg press. Those are your top sets. This is how in this style you would warm up for it. You would do 135 for ten, 225 for ten, 315 for ten, 415 for ten, 425 for ten, 495 for ten. And then finally your first work set of 585 for ten begins. After that, you do a few other sets. Let's say set of 876. You're done training and you go have sex and locker room. Hallelujah, brother. That's fun. It's fun to do in locker room. In any case, all that aside, you notice that it's ten, 10, 10, 10 the entire time. Should it be like that? Well, maybe there are some good reasons. And here they are. First of all, warming up is really awesome. And warming up nice and slow is much better than the opposite of rushing it. This is very nice and very slow. So at least it does that well. And also down sets sets that are not super maximally your best performance ever. Slowly off of your best can also be helpful. So we could say that that 495 for ten warm up that last warmup you did probably is hard enough to where it has some hyper-trophic value. It does actually drive a little bit of muscle. On the other hand, there's some bad things. So the problem number one is a time problem. Warmups are generally not stimulative of growth in advanced lifters. All of this time you spent warming up. If you could have condensed it to the appropriate amount of time, you'd have saved yourself a ton of time of non-growth promoting non-beneficial lifting. So number one problem is this is giant waste of time. Problem number two is this is a waste of energy. Energy you could have been driving a stimulus with. Now if you condensed a warmup to something more rational, which I'll show you in a bit, stop doing five sets of ten before your first set actually began, condensed it to maybe four sets of declining reps, you would save a lot of energy, which means that 585 for ten wouldn't be a ten. At the same reps and reserve, it might be 1314 or 15 reps. So energetic at the end of a proper warmup versus so much more tired at the end of one of these crazy long extended warmups, sets of ten and ten and ten. Till the cows come home, that you actually end up getting more out of your first and second and third working sets because you have a higher performance relative to your ability to perform. And you get very close to muscular failure. As opposed to systemic failure, we're just so fucking tired of doing sets of ten that you just can't do any more than ten or up to five 85, right? You essentially don't want to continue to warm up after you're already warm. You want to warm up and when you're warm, get into the sets that matter with as much energy as you have. But you're pissing away energy on sets that as we learned, do not stimulate much if any growth at all. And lastly, is a problem of cumulative fatigue. Some of them have a very poor stimulus to fatigue ratio. They don't fatigue you a ton normally, but they don't stimulate you hardly at all. However, in these extended warmups, I'll put it to you this way. Let's go back to the example. One third, if you can if 555 or 10 is something you can do, let's say two reps and reserve, that's how strong you are. At the end of all this, 135 or 10 doesn't fatigue you hardly at all. Doesn't stimulate you either. To 25 or 10, it's not going to fatigue you much. Oh, it's okay to do. Definitely doesn't stimulate in growth either. Three 15 for 10 definitely some fatigue, not much growth stimulus because it's like 20 reps and reserve. Four or five for 10 for sure fatigue. Again, not much stimulus. 495 for 10, maybe a little bit of stimulus, but a ton of fatigue. So those latter heavier sets still 10 and 10 and 10 and 10 and 10. Those can for a ton of fatigue and that's not that is independently a problem with energy. You won't have enough energy to train hard right after, but it's also cumulative fatigue problem. If you're always doing these ascending sets of the same number of reps more and more weight all the time, then you're just adding a ton of fatigue to every session of your program and thus cumulative layer fatigue will skyrocket much faster, maybe after three weeks of accumulation rather than four so that you could have had a one extra great week of training kind of every month that instead you're doing just bullshit warming up that is again, not stimulative as that one last fresh week absolutely would be. So real talk, you got to learn how to warm up properly, which means in a descending fashion. Here's how it would look in this example, if, well, no, not if, I modified it all the proper ways. Let me read off the screen here. I got up like and read off the screen. So here's an example of how to do this right. Same set up, same exercise, 585 for reps is our goal at the end of this on the leg press. 135 for 10, God. 315 for 8 because you don't fucking need to do 225, man, that's like the body weight squats a few way, 225, which if you're leg pressing 585 for reps, you probably do 135 for 10 to just get really easy into it. If you're 15 for 8, I promise if you can do 585 for 10 plus, 315 for 8 is not a fucking big deal, and you can go right to it. The rest of this were actually being really careful with. You only may be need 3 warmups before getting to 585 for sets of 10 plus, but we really took our time. This is the extra careful version so you can even do much less than this. 405 for 6, notice it's not 10 anymore. It's 10 then 8 then 6, 4.95 for 4 reps. What you're getting out of 495 is here's the thing you're already generally warm, physically your tissues are warm from all the other warmups. You don't need to do 10 reps to get the nervous system adapted to that amount of load, which only takes a few reps, those are called potentiation reps. You just need a few of them. 4 is more than enough, and because we're being extra fucking careful, just to really drive home a point, 585 for 2 reps, rack rest, and then go into the work sets. Just to really get adapted to that whole thing. Because this is let's see 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 warmupsets, the other was also 5 warmupsets. It doesn't have to be. We could have just done 3 and been totally fine. Fine to be extra safe for 5 to be super, super safe. Just so the comparison is good. Because the reps descend, you're getting all the warmup, all the potentials, all the readiness without hardly any of the fatigue, any of the time best away, and any of the energy loss that will end up getting you shitty or result. And because I'm trying to be very accurate, this example, you're more likely to get something in 585 like 15 then 13 then 11 then 9 reps, and you're way getting way more ups on the first, than even second set of this example, because you're not tired from 1 million fucking warmups. You've had a great workout, but any of the fluff, the thing is people do this kind of stuff, the 10, 10, 10, 10, all the sending. Mostly just because it's thoughtless, and it even made that a mean way, they just never really thought about it. There's all kinds of cool tricks to learning shit and it saves you time, and here's one of them, so please do it. And of course, to keep the example similar afterwards, definitely sucks in the locker room. Again, why would you get rid of the best part of your training plan? You meet people in there, they look at you, you take your clothes off, they're like, what are you doing? You're like, it's a locker room, and they're like, oh my god, I'm so sorry, but I don't want to say this, but you are just, I need to like, I just, it's just me, you know, but I don't want to, but they do want it, and they're like, let's go in the bathroom stall. And that's every Tuesday for me. I'll see you guys next time.