Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyridization must eat foods. Would you have to have in order to have a healthy diet? They're not, that's BS. Why? So you'll hear folks say, right regularly, that these are must eat foods. And if you ever go to the grocery store, and if you ever so much as look at the magazines in the aisle, the little various previews of what's inside the covers, almost always have like three foods. Your body craves when you're dieting. Five foods you have to eat for good health. And it's like, it's shock value. It's like, oh, am I missing something? But is it true? We have foods that make the rounds of these are the healthy foods you have to have of a codos. There's been like five different resurgence of like, aren't a codos like, so healthy? Are you not a codo-towse like hourly? Totally, that's a thing. Kiwis, Kiwis, the healthiest food in the world. Let's got all these nutrients. How can you spare yourself these nutrients? Uh, carnivore folks will say beef. You gotta eat beef. They'll eat like a 95% beef diet. Okay, is it really true that we have to have beef? All right, some health authority will say, yes, that's the case. And then we'll say yes Kiwis and yes avocados, but it's not actually true. And it's so not true that there are entire food groups that we encourage you to eat as people who actually know nutrition. And because they're great in nutrition, some convenient and healthy, and increase the variance of your diet, but even these major food groups, you don't have to eat, and you can be healthy completely without them. For example, grains. You can eat a totally grain free diet and be healthy as a clam. And our clams healthy, they're certainly happy because they're smiling. You don't have to eat grains straight up. You don't have to eat fruits. You can eat veggies, grains, meats, or lean proteins, and then just never eat fruit and be the healthiest you've ever been in your entire life. And you don't even have to eat meat. When you look at the kinds of folks that vegans used to be in the 90s and early 2000s before the vegan junk food industry was born, they were some of the healthiest people on the planet. They ate no meat ever. If you take the right vitamin supplements and things like that alongside, you never have to eat meat. You'll be all throughout the rest of your life. So these are huge groups. You don't have to eat or you really think that within one of these groups or another of these major food groups, if we say it's true that you don't have to eat any fruits at all and still be completely healthy, if you'd like, is it could possibly even theoretically be true that you have to have Kiwis, which are one type of fruit. Who knows how many other fruits you also have to have? Was the probability that you only have to have Kiwis? I mean, Jesus Christ, there's like, I don't know, hundreds of thousands of, or at least hundreds and probably thousands of different fruits that humans eat, is it really like one of them? You have to eat? Well, we know already, the entire category is on hefty. So it's probably like all of those are 50 that you have to eat and a category which you don't have to eat any of them. How does that make any sense? The nutrients you actually need can come from a huge variety of different foods. And if they don't come from one side of that variety, they can come from the other. Because your body is profoundly good extracting the nutrients it needs from the foods that are available. That doesn't mean you go on a starvation elimination diet of three things, but if it's like 20 things, your body's pretty damn good at getting it out. Your body is designed by evolution. You are a survivor. You are a descendant of folks that have faced intermittent starvation for six million years, so if you're a human evolution. So if there's nutrients in it, your body will find it. It digests almost everything inside a food. It will grab every nutrient it needs. And lots of foods have so many bases of nutrients covered. You don't need to eat 50 different kinds of foods. You go like this, in nutrient I get from keyweeds. And I've got to have beef to get this. There's tons of nutrients to go around. You really only need a certain amount minimum of proteins, carbs and fats. And if you consume most of those through healthy sources, like if you have some whole grains, some veggies, some fruits, any one of those three, you're pretty good to go. And if you have some kind of lean proteins, and maybe take a multivitamin everyday, your bases are covered. You get enough complete proteins, refruits enough essential fats from your fats. And kind of everything on top of that is BS. So don't worry about foods. You have to eat next time you're walking down the grocery store aisle, and you get to the cash register if there's an agzene that says, hey, look, you've got to eat, Twinkies, that'd be kind of sweet. Like hey, let's buy one now, you said enough. Apples of must-eat foods, you know, star fruit, a lot of times it's like exotic fruit. Foods they get you with it like dragon fruit. The new health elixir, no, no. It's just some shit you guys have never heard of, so it looks exotic. And people in the Philippines, it grows into yard and they eat it, so they're like, that's fine. And it does taste good. Anyway, go eat something that tastes good, don't worry about that it's saving your life. Just eat well and you'll be totally fine. Everything else is bullshit. They get out of here, go eat dragon fruit. Now, take a fight to the Philippines. Now, yeah, yeah. See ya.