Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrridsation and welcome to video number five in our How to Make the Best Training Program for your Muscle Growth Needs video number five. What is too heavy or too light and how to manually change your load aka weight if you're not that sciencey? I'm going to be illustrating some stuff with the RPI Purge Fiat, which I use for all of my training now. If you're catching this video in mid earlier than mid May 2023, which is probably when it's going to come out, hit the link in the description and sign up for the list. The list will get you a discounted app price earlier than other people and it will also get you loads of free informational goodies info team and tweak it call it who want to combine words arbitrarily. If you were watching this video after May 2023, then you can just go to the same link in the description, top link and it will just be a by-link for the app and you can get the app if you want. This however is not a video just guiding you through the app that would be insanely boring and you could just get the app and guide yourself. This video is going to be talking about how to actually manage and change an executor good training program, but we'll use the app as an example because it's the best program builder of all time I'll say. Yes. All right. Guidelines on training load, load selection, weight selection, how to pick the good weights. And if you've picked a good weight, you think it's good, I don't know if it's a bad weight, you need to change. I think four guidelines here. First, this is a huge point. Anything between sets of five and it's a 30 is just not a wrong answer. Fundamentally, there are more correct and less correct answers, but they're all kind of right. You know, it's like if you're going on a first date with a girl, you take her to a KFC or you take her to McDonald's, this is no losers. Right? Wendy's Taco Bell, check, check. It's got the video guy we got pizza hot, we got what else. Take that bitch to Domino's, I should have expensive. It's fucking real mouth fucking less than dude. I just got a dog on those pizza. It's $2524. $24. What is this shit? Did it come with a blow job machine? How crazy is that? Bitch, $24. Hey, this is me, girl, you must be out your mind. That's how much they're waiting in costs. Shit. In any case, unless it's Domino's and prohibitively expensive, sets of five to 30, no wrong answers. It doesn't have to worry about it at all. Now, there are more particular nuances which we can get a more correct answer than already the general of the correct answer and here's a couple of weeks. So point number two, whatever leaves the muscles that you're targeting as the limiting factor is a better rep range and thus whatever weight gets you to that rep range for example. If you do squats at more than 15 reps per set, you will generally notice two things give out before your quads. Your lower back, it's really tired. You start to round over and you're like, my quads have more juice, but I can't stand up straight anymore or two, your lungs and you're like and it's not about your legs anymore, it's that your lungs are hearing out. So squats and other what are called anti-gravity stabilization exercises like rows for example above 15 reps or 20 reps. If you do barbell rows for 20 reps, your lower back just gets tired to get out of breath and your muscles of the pulling muscles of the back just aren't doing anything anymore. So make sure the muscle is still a limiting factor. The rep range has a lot to say about that. Next, pick loads and stick to loads that feel safer and kinder on your joints. For example, if you're doing one arm preacher curls or lateral raises with dumbbells and you're doing it sets of five to eight reps for as a first exercise. Oh man, that's just, look, I'm not into like the whole canese phobia shit. So like you rock on technically speaking, you probably won't get hurt. Especially as you get a lot of quick and clean and weirdness and just if everything's roughly similarly effective between five and 30 reps, you will find over time through experience that sets of 10, 15, 20 plus for isolation exercises just tend to feel better on your joints. Compound movements if you warm properly because they distribute loads and multiple joints and one joint can take the slack of another seem to be much better for heavier loads and for lower up ranges. But for isolation, it's kind of fucking weird to do a curl for set of six heavy and be like, yeah, that's it. Someone's like, how does that feel on your bicep? Really? My elbows hurt. I think the bicep is close by so maybe some of the pain can go to the bicep and draw it somehow. I don't know if that works like that. It does. Lastly, if you get to close to five or 30 reps and start to get below five or above 30, the RP hypertrophy app will warn you and it's no big deal if you know your shit. You can just be like, whatever, I don't care and I know I'm doing sets of five and four, but this works for my body or you're like, yeah, I'm doing sets of 35 walking lunges and it fucks me up and technically speaking, the difference between, and I hypertrophy between sets of 30 and sets of 32 or 35 is like nominal, but basically not existed. Yeah, sure sets of 15, 60 definitely is a distinct drop off because the weight's not heavy enough, but like, you know, you can do a set of 35 and a walking lunge if it's close to failure, you're fucking growing period. So you can always just say, no, no things. Or if it's too heavy, lower the load, if it's too light, raise the load and avoid the extremes. No worries either way, you're in charge. If your load is off of what the app thinks it should be and it's way outside the margins, like if you were going to lift a hundred pounds, but you're like, man, I need to do either 50 or 150, 100 is just not working. The app isn't going to be able to tell you, hey, you have to do XYZ number of reps because last week you had eight reps. For example, let's say you're using the 50 pound dumbbells for a chest dumbbell chest press. You hit sets of eight last week. This week, the app's like, you know, hey, 55 pounds and, you know, you should hit sets of eight. But for some reason, you find it like compelling for you to do 70 pounds. The app's not going to be like, yeah, that converts to a sets of three. It's so far away that the prediction algorithm is inaccurate and we don't want to spit out the app telling you things that are nonsense. So the app is going to say, okay, 70 pounds, great. That's the weight. So right here on the, the thing you say, okay, I want you know, barbell that rose. Let's say here as an example and lift doesn't matter, which you 70 pounds, it's going to have the RIR for you as opposed to like having a weight here and the reps already as a target. You could even have had the reps as the target, but then it switches from like saying, hey, you have to do eight. It'll look like this. It'll say, hey, actually, two RIR. That's the taps. That's the app, tacitly admitting that like, I don't know what reps you're going to get because everyone's so different. That far away from the weight they planned that it can't tell. That being as it is, I would recommend that if you want to use the app to its best abilities, stay real close to the weight. So for example, if the app says, do 135 pounds because last week you did 130, it's totally cool to do 130 again or even 125. It'll auto adjust the reps to be higher so that you get the same stimulus. Oh, slightly better stimulus, actually, the app, make sure you're progress. And if you want to do 145 or 150, that's totally cool. But if you did 135 and you want to go to like 180, the app's going to be like, man, I just don't really know what to do for that because it's way outside. So I would recommend for progression purposes for the app to keep you on track and for repeatability and a little bit on the safety side and just good progression, stick with the weights first of all that the app recommends because it has your best interest leafy relief program and also if you have a little bit of discretion which you should totally take if you think like, yeah, 145 is too light. I'm going to go to 150. It will auto adjust the reps if it's close to make sure you're still on track for progress. Damn, that's pretty dope. Folks, that's it for this time. Let's see what we're talking about next time. Next time we are going to talk about how to use the different training modalities and work them in through the hypertrophy app. We're talking about straight sets, down sets, drops sets, super sets, etc etc etc. We're going to go through every single one of those special modalities. Talk about what they are, why they are useful in training and how maybe even what exercises to do them with and maybe what exercises is not to how to do some rest time. We'll cover all that stuff and we'll show examples of how to track that program into the app so that the app becomes your best friend. You only have to talk to the app. You shun your friends and family. You stop showering your fingernails grow out and as long as you hit that subscribe button every year for the low low price of the yearly discount I'm at at you. See you next time.