Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Welcome back to another video edition of BS, which you know, it stands for, and it's not by carbonant synthesis. And it's something more related to what comes out of cows, buts. When they're happy and eating grass. Today's BS is, we can's off during fat-loth dieting. What exactly does that mean? So here's what this looks like. Tons of people aren't fat-loth diets even right now. And they're grinding their butts off. The entire workweek, making the awesome fat-loth's progress, hitting the gym, and their diet is sharp, sharp, sharp. So they're making sure not to overeat, and they're doing great, generating a good calorie deficit. Maybe something reasonable, like 500 calories a day, and even something higher, like six or 700 calories a day in a deficit, just burning that fat, amazing. Then a problem occurs. Frighting night occurs, and they get drunk. That's right. Have all these nasty thoughts in your head, and they won't go away. And let's just swing a couple of pints or glasses or shots or more back. After your drunk, well, during you being drunk, you eat pub food, which is delicious only when you're drunk, but you're drunk when you're at the pub. Then you get street food afterwards. You wake up the next morning and have a bunch of snacks. Then of course your girlfriend's ringing when it's time for brunch. And then you have a good old solid heaping of her regret, because you just ate a crap ton of calories, wait over what you were supposed to in order to continue to stay on the fat-loth plan. But why the regret? No, didn't you just like only mess up two days of the week? The week seven days long, you were great. Most of the time, you were on plan. You know, five to two sounds like the five is the winning team there. What happens? Well, here's the thing. Big problem is that many folks can put away, like 1500 extra calories, frighting, and Saturday respectively, no problem on top of their normal diets. That's a ton of calories. That's a big problem. And you would think, well, how do they eat that many calories? Folks, remember, a whole pizza, like a large normal pizza, is something like 4,000 calories. I know some people that can eat a lot more than that, when they're drunk and it's friday night, and they just put the food down. That absolutely is a thing that happens. And then so friday they go crazy. And remember, they're very hungry from the week of dieting, so that rebound hunger effect is really gnarly. And when you start to eat the kind of junk foods that are delicious, that you've been saving yourself from eating during the week, you start to really be able to pour them in, and holy crap, that's a lot of food. Sunday, you go ease in back to normal, which means you still hit something like a 500 calorie surplus on that Sunday, which is not a deficit day, unless you don't accomplish any fat loss on it, and still gain a little bit of fat. What's wrong with that? Well, if you consume an extra 3500 calories above your weekly 500 calorie a day deficit, that one pound week fat loss that you would have gotten, if you stuck to your diet is completely, and I mean completely erased during the week, or very well on track to lose like a pound of fat, and then during the weekend is just not that hard to eat back so many calories that your total fat loss over the week averages out to precisely zero. Your back to square one, which is total BS, and one of the reasons that it's BS, and that makes this thing very tragic, is that even if you're losing fat still, but it's incredibly slowly. Sometimes you can gain fat with the approach, but more often it results in roughly maintenance, why most often your body regulates its hunger signals very well, to try to keep you at maintenance. So if you diet to below maintenance Monday through Friday, Friday night your body's like, bro, let's eat up, man, you're starving, and it automatically signals your hunger in such a way, that gets you very close to actually eating at a maintenance diet. Why is this particularly tragic? You're just a maintenance still big deal, nobody lost nobody found. In a sense, yes, but something was lost. You lost four and a half perfectly good days Monday through Friday of eating like a normal person well balanced. You were low on energy, you were hungry, you know, Becky from accounting the fucking bitch that skinny is fucking eats whatever she wants. You watched her dig into eclair after eclair, paying no price for it at all, while you're staring at chicken and broccoli going like, this, what a fucking God. The things I would do if she wasn't a fucking accounting sabond, I petitioned her fire. So I didn't have to watch her eating eclair as a paying no price. You were suffering that whole time, dieting is hard work, it's tough. Low on energy, mental and physical, getting crazy cravings, your kids are yapping in the back seat. You haven't had a carbon three and a half days. It's a tough life. And then what do you do? You take all of that misery and suffering and even if it's not misery and suffering, hard fucking work of dieting for most of the week. And you just erase the living shit out of it with a grand old regrettable asked time on the weekends. If you're gonna maintain, you can still have some BS on the weekends. You just gotta be fairly active and eat mostly healthy foods, not in a way that stars you during the week. And it's mission accomplished. If you're gonna suffer during the week, it might as well be for a purpose other than to get back on the scale on Monday and go fuck. I didn't lose anything for the third week's trade. Shit, out of good time on the weekends, you could have a good time on the weekend on maintenance. And if that loss phase, you'd want that work to be for something. How do you accomplish that? Well, you pick up dust off your eye of fucking adult hat and you put it on your head and you know what? The next eight to 12 weeks of my life is for the purpose of fat loss. And like Renaissance Prudetization, expert coach Melissa Davis always says, a doctor Melissa Davis, dieting in the fat loss mode is not meant to be sustainable. Check it out, lose fat forever. You would fucking die if you tried to do that. You just have to lose fat for eight to 12 weeks and then you transition into maintenance. And in perpetuity, if you like, you can have a balanced life. You don't have to restrain yourself like a psychotic person. Or you can do that for three or four months after. And then for another two to three months, Jeff in and lose some more. The process of fat loss dieting is temporary. If you're in your boss's office and he's narrating some grand scheme and you're taking notes on your laptop, you probably aren't picking up your phone and video chatting with your friends while you're doing it. Why? Because right now, your job is to say in the office and type what your boss thinks and organize it while for him and then send an email to all the other departments. Because you were an adult, you realize that now is the time for work and later I'm gonna video chat with Sally and we're gonna have a ball talking about that new real housewives of Detroit episode. I don't even know if that's a real thing. It should be my wife would gladly volunteer for it. In any case, you know that there's a time to put in the work and a time to enjoy and relax. And if putting in the work has to occur sequentially over eight to 12 weeks for it to be effective, if this is some shit you're gonna have to do. And if you say, well, I was really good this week. Again, morally conflating something that's just a technical element of dieting. I deserve a break on Friday and Saturday. I agree with you. And what you also deserve is not to lose any fat. That's just the way the world works. So here is something I implore you to do. If you're on a fat loss phase, do not take weekends off. It's Monday through Friday on Saturday Sunday here on. You're always on. But it's just for eight to 12 weeks. Once you're done with that, you transition to maintenance and you live an awesome balanced lifestyle that has an incredible two benefits. One, you're now leaner. Mission accomplished in two when you go and have junk foods on the weekends and you're maintenance phase, it doesn't lead to a nasty rebound and a total weight gain. Thoughts you have no regrets because regrets are bullshit. It don't have them. I'm handled. I've never had to regret in my life. I've been several Olympias. And yeah, yeah, my, what is that sound that he says? Nah, what does that mean? I wonder, if Arnold, if you could comment on this video, we would appreciate it. Folks, that's all of the not funny jokes I have for today. Hopefully we learned something. Maybe you didn't come back next time. Maybe we'll teach you some stuff. And I'll see you then.