Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Today's BS topic is asking a question. Really, they can't a statement. We will potentially refute. And it is the idea that artificial sugars, artificial sweeteners more particularly, are messing with your insulin response. This is quite a popular claim, and people will say, well, look, I know artificial sweeteners don't have calories. That's kind of been refuted, and some people will even attest to, okay, fine, you win that one science. But I don't consume them personally as a man of God, but also because they spike your insulin, and that's bad. Somehow, they never really get to any of the details about that, but don't worry we will. So let's take a look. It is true. There is actually a thing where sweet taste as detected in the mouth area signals the secretion of insulin, generally in the body. Upon detection of us, we taste in the mouth, insulin is secreted. And that has actually turned the cephalic insulin response, cephalic for head. And it does occur with sugar in gestion, which is sweet. Your body detects the presence of sugar in the mouth, and then begins the insulin response, so that when the sugar gets through, it's got insulin to transport it into the cells to make them happy, and that's how science works. The cells actually smile under microscope and kidding, of course. Or am I, get out your microscope, pinch off some skin, get in there, let me know what you find in the comments below. Now, in some animals, specifically rats and mice that have been tested, there can be a cephalic response, which is insulin is secreted upon presentation to the mouth, with artificial sweeteners. So if you give some kinds of rats and mice or artificial sweeteners, they do have an insulin secretion response from those, which is a trip and it happens. However, on the net balance of the evidence, it seems to either rarely or never happen with humans with artificial sweeteners. It looks like the best available evidence shows as of today, exactly what happens. Yep, as a right now, that humans need the actual sugar molecules themselves to trigger this phallic response and that the artificial sweeteners just don't do it. If artificial sweeteners did trigger a human's phallic response, you could predictably upon the presentation of a lot of artificial sweetener, potentially cause a hypoglycemic episode, but I have actually never seen anyone or seen anyone report, the induction of hypoglycemia, which is when the insulin gets into the bloodstream, looks at your normal blood glucose and goes, hey, get in the cells. And then your bloodstream is super low on glucose because all of it's been pulled in the cells and because your brain feeds on blood glucose, it goes holy crap and you start getting really sweaty, super hungry for carbs, light headed, confused, potentially can pass out, also for the bad stuff. Some of you may have been hypoglycemic before, it doesn't feel like great. Unless you get some carbs in front of you, then it actually feels great because it's the hungryest you've ever been for carbs and they taste so good when you're hypoglycemic. That just doesn't seem to happen with artificial sweeteners. I don't know how many people have ever had a diet coke and they're like, holy crap, I'm going hypog. It just doesn't seem to happen corroborating the laboratory observation that humans just don't seem to have a cephalic insulin response with artificial sweeteners. Now, the cephalic phase had a few studies and artificial sweeteners back in the day showed that it occurred. So artificial sweeteners didn't seem like they may be to a small extent helping insulin secretion occur. But then like 10 other studies after and multiple different design parameters, just showed that that really wasn't a thing. So our best available one so far as it probably doesn't happen. Now, if it happens to a small extent, is that bad? Well, what is wrong with insulin secretion? I don't know. Insulin secretion is a normal part of response to food. If insulin secretion occurs without a presentation of caloric foods, so just have a diet coke and it secretes a little bit of insulin, somehow, maybe that happens. What happens is your blood glucose will temporarily dip that will be detected by your body. And another hormone called glucogon will signal the liver to dump a bunch of glucose into the blood and re-raise that blood glucose. Right now, when you're body, right there, now, insulin and glucogon are both active. They're working to counterbalance each other to keep your blood glucose stable. So unless you present a super powerful modulator, that really secreats a crap load of insulin and outruns the glucogon response temporarily, you won't be hyperglycemic, you won't have any symptoms, which is why you don't get hyperglycemic and don't have symptoms when you consume artificial sweetness from almost every year. So it's just not a thing to worry about. You may say, but hold on a sec, even though we can't feel it, isn't it bad to have insulin spikes every now and again, even if they're really small spikes? And to you ask, why would it be? And someone is not a harmful hormone. If you have insulin spikes chronically, insanely high, we're out of normal range all the time, because you're eating a crap load of junk food all the time. And your insulin's always sky high, that, but mostly because of the fat cell growth for me to have in a calories in the constant presentation of carbohydrates in the blood, can lead to the dysregulation of insulin, pre-diabetes, type two diabetes, and then bad things. But that's a whole lot of steps and a whole lot of magnitude effect that ends up being kind of like, up to strain this analogy too much, but like, trying to throw a paper airplane to the moon, theoretically, yes, maybe if you had superpowers or something, you could do it, but it's just not in the same realm of any number of magnitudes. So even if there's a small suffallic in some response in some people, it would be insane to project that this would be a bad thing, because insulin's not a bad thing. Cronic, excessively high exposure to excessively high insulin, all the time is definitely not good, but we're talking about years and we're talking about magnitudes that if you didn't have carbs coming in with them, would make you pass out on the spot. And that's just not a thing. So as far as insulin dynamics and artificial sweeteners, I just wouldn't worry about it. Certainly for the time being, based on the literature and probably ever. So next time someone says, but my insulin's just be like, ah, JK, never punch your intellectual opponents, always be respectful, pay your taxes, brush your teeth, tell the tooth there I said with sub, and see you guys next time.