It turns out that protein bars can be healthy. Or can be very unhealthy because legit a lot of people think that because food is healthy and protein bars are healthy if they're making that assumption that they can eat as much of it as they want. And the idea that food just because it's healthy won't make a game weight is total BS. A lot of people may protein bars are just to have like whatever how many protein bars makes me full when I'm like, mmmm, that could be the right answer, but it could be a very, very not right answer. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. And today's question is, are protein bars healthy? There are certain foods that are just known to be healthy. Fresh fruits, right green veggies, Scott that um blended green veggie smoothie thing that rich people make in their white robes in the morning, in their also green juice. In their also white Miami riverfront houses, sometimes even those people are also the messels white, you get it, right? Scott, why don't we go to one of those pditi white parties? Oh, we have one set up. Actually, yeah, now hosted in the New York County jail. For real though, we actually know what kinds of foods are super healthy. We do. Lean meats, veggies, fruits, whole grains and healthy fats, like most plant fats and even believe it or not, high fat minimally processed dairy products, like whole milk and cottage cheese. So long as calories are in balance with activity and you're not on trend to gain weight, those foods are very much the core of healthy foods. And we probably all have a pretty good intuitive sense of what that is. And on the opposite side, there are of course foods that are like, and kind of rightly, people understand generally are not healthy. Young foods, especially ice cream, potato chips, fries, corn chips, Doritos, cookies, tortilla chips, candy bars, dimension chips, or as they call them in the United Kingdom a few other places, crisps, squat, what you look like a crisp thing is there is no such thing as an English accent because there's like 80 different accents in England. Well, in crisp. You may. Yes. Oh, I got that. Yep, that very same. But what about protein bars? Our protein bars healthy. This question is a bit of a trip because on the one hand, protein bars seem healthy. They're like for fitness and stuff and they have like health branding a lot. They have like protein and stuff like protein's supposed to be healthy, right? There's like macros in there, Scott macros are healthy, right? We're supposed to want to do macros. I love them. I love macros, direct focus. But on the other hand, they're also like oftentimes very artificial and their ingredients and that's kind of wacky. They have a lot of sugar, some times sugar, alcohols. Sometimes they can be really tasty so you can like really overeat them. And like are they low or high calorie or what? What's the deal with protein bars? Now, this is where we get to the real meat and potatoes to answer this question. And I mean meat and potatoes completely figuratively in this case because protein bars bars have neither meat nor potatoes in them protein bars. What does I say? It turns out that protein bars can be healthy. Or can be very unhealthy and it all depends on just a few simple factors. I'm going to tell you these factors and you're going to be able to decide no problem if protein bars are the right way to go in your diet or maybe not the right way to go. Factor number one is the protein to calorie ratio. And by the way, these factors are roughly in order of importance but very rough. And I'll tell you which ones are less important. This one's super important. Protein is something you need as the core of your diet and you plan to have it. And it's also pretty filling. Especially if you're not eating enough protein getting enough really gives you a ton of fullness. And if that can commentantly comes in a protein bar with lower calories, you can eat multiple bars and get hours and hours of full until your next meal time bought in. And you don't bring in a ton of excess calories. On the other hand, and that makes it very, very healthy. On the other hand, if you have protein bars that are low on protein and high on calories, you've been to a gas station and you need a protein bar. And there's one I'm like no offense, natural vegan super earth bars. And it's like now with protein, you look at it's 6 grams of protein and 55 grams of carbs. And you're like, is this not anything but a non-technical lie? Like how is this legal to say? All right, or it's all nuts. So there's like 30 or so. Yes, yes, I'll actually get to that later. Like the protein quality also sucks. Yeah, and the fats are insane. If that protein bars, low on protein and high on calories, you'll just have to smash all either multiple bars like that to get enough protein. And then you're really up in calories or you have to smash like a bar or two. And then get in other high protein foods like a shake or like a canotuna. And then that adds to calories as well. And then that balloons your calories up even more, which can lead to unwanted weight gain from a high calorie surplus. And then that's absolutely not healthy. So high protein and a bar low calories is good, low protein with high calories, not great. Factor number two is palinability. Stefan Giene, I think I'm saying that right, who was an excellent follow on Twitter, A.K.A. X. Is a scientist who basically popularized the food palinability reward hypothesis. And at the time that he did it, it was a giant brain explosion. And nowadays I think more people are familiar with it, maybe not the technical term, but let me describe it to you really quick. And if you're a long time viewer of the channel, you're going to know what the hell all is says. I'm not telling you something that seems obvious, but it's actually quite revelatory. The taste of your food is the more likely people are to eat a lot of it. Think about it. Like I bring you to a party, I bring you that sounds like I can nap you. Fine. I kidnap you and bring you to a party. You look like, oh, I wear hair. I just don't want to see that. They were all in good. Shut up. And then I give you a tray of broccoli, fresh, green, washed, cut up broccoli. How much broccoli are you going to eat? I mean, obviously you're stressed. You think I'm going to kill you and where you or skin is a coat. Scott, I'm not going to look exactly that. Not in that order. Anyway, first I'm going to wear a skin then. Okay, this is getting too much. What if I give you a fully baked, oh, man, Scott, I got this. Open, made fresh pizza. And the first thing you say is this is delivery. And I'm like, no, it's Dejorno, you idiot. And we get paid. Dejorno ads. But like with pizza, Scott, have you ever had one slice of pizza on any occasion in your life? I actually don't think so. I've done two. Wow. Diet Scott. Pizza some shit. Potato chips of some shit that you start eating and you don't stop. Whereas a lot of food that's not the tastiest food in the world like Scott, how much non-butter regular, unflavered popcorn can you eat? Just how long the movie is you can do. Two hours. You screwed up my analogy. It was supposed to be an edible, but you're like, no, I just keep eating. On buttered on buttered on flavor popcorn. Just regular microwave. Oh, yeah, I don't care what that's all right. You eat it in, you're like, something's missing. I don't want the sitting words. It's also getting into my teeth. And then like, well, it's to the side of your cheek. You ever have that. There's no way to scientists. Like, I'm going to be impressed with like the manoelectic when it can get popcorn out of my mouth until then, whatever, a eyes of a fraud. So if something's really tasty, you tend to be high probability of over eating it. And so if you have protein bars that are unbelievable, you've got to be really careful. There is a protein bar brand, which I love called anobar. Yes, it sounds a lot like anobar, which is an anobalixteria. It does not have that in there. But is it delicious? I mean, it's really good. We've reviewed it on the channel. Scott, can we put our protein bar review over here somewhere? Absolutely. And that is an amazing bar with actually very good macros. And it's super healthy if you eat like one or two. But like sometimes you feel like eating four, five or six. And if it's a, you know, a day where you're going to blow out your calories, that's a great way to do it. But you've got to be careful, just alert because the bar is so good. You could be like, man, I'm just going to like, yellow the diet. That would be a bad idea. So bars, in which you know the palinability and adjust for a really good. If you're in a part of your diet where you're like, I need only not so tasty bars. There are plenty of bars that are just like, you know, they're protein bars and they work. But you know, anobars and stuff like that, you want to make sure that when you're eating them, you have all the calorie room and your appetite is really well controlled. Some of this, this problem is further complicated because some of the tastiest bars, not to by accident, have the most calories. And that brings us to fact number three, total calories per bar is a big deal. This one's huge. A lot of folks, and I do this treat protein bars like a unit of measurement. I, two protein bars. Scott, back when I was a personal trainer, you know, you keep, you know, people's diet and takes and stuff and then later diet coach. And they're like, they tell you like, what the, in the typical day, they're like two protein bars. And I'm like, which ones? They're like, I don't know, whatever I pick up with the store. Like, let me tell you guys how much that matters. If you get the David bar or the built bar, each one of those is like 150 calories. Sometimes less. All right, you eat two of those as trainer calories. This is the drop in the bucket. That's one tenth of a 3000 calorie diet. A metrics big one hundred bar is 400 calories on average. Scott, my math isn't that great. That's like more than three times the calories, right? Can you imagine when three times something is like, you're just using it as the same thing? Oh, man, Scott, I had a really nasty thing to say, guys, the following is such a joke. And it's so meant in good faith and with love. But someone's like, hey, man, how much does your girlfriend weigh? And you're like about 130 pounds, but she's actually 400 pounds. And they're like, dude, you liar. You're like protein bars are the same distribution. But damn, she's 400 looking like, wow, wow, wow, like all that. Yeah, hell yeah, girl. Hey, if you weigh 130, I'm good. Rubin' us 400. Who been asked? If you weigh 130 or less, get your attention somewhere else. Go out, feelin' that vibe. You look great, but it's not for me. If you weigh 400 plus, my DM, they're always up. Real talk, though, huge difference is huge difference. And there's no wrong answers here. High calorie protein bars are amazing. But just don't eat two ultra high calorie bars and think that you're not going to gain some weight if you get to a calorie access on many days. Because legit, a lot of people think that because food is healthy and protein bars are healthy, if they're making that assumption, that they can eat as much of it as they want. A lot of people eat protein bars, I just have, like, whatever, how many protein bars makes me full. And I'm like, mm, that could be the right answer, but it could be a very, very not right answer. And the idea that food just because it's healthy won't make you gain weight is total BS. Big problem. Factor number four. We only have five factors total. Factor number four. Are you eating these bars? Are rather how? How are you consuming these bars? Let me explain what I mean. Are you eating these bars in a context of a daily color expend? Like are you logging them into the RP diet coach app or your favorite other diet app? Or are you yoloing them and just eating like, however many feel like? And damn, they taste so good. And proteins good for you, right? So you keep eating them. And it's a thousand access calories for the day. And it's at every other day. And you're gaining weight. Your friends drop a hint about it. You eat your friends. Then you don't have any friends. Also think about it. You've cannibalized real people. Scott, have you ever thought would it be like to consume someone whole and then realize that not only can you feel their spirit energy inside you and all of their hopes and dreams have died in you. But they're also a person you loved and cared for like a friend. I don't think it's cannibalism worth. You can get all that out of there. Oh, I didn't see Scott reacting like that. Okay, that sounds hot. That's kind of an honor. Scott, yo real talk man. This channel's getting banned for Did you know that's like a thing like people can like some people want to be consumed like eaten like it's like yeah, I've heard a couple like core cases. God imagine that first date you get like a good conversation gets really heavy. You know, okay, okay, okay, what's your what's your craziest king? She's like, you go first. She's like, um, I always wanted to like, oh God, this is gonna sound crazy like I'm typically into blondes, but like a pronoun would be crazy. She's like, right, wow. Okay, what's yours? I've always like if I could just be like couldn't a pieces and consumed by someone you're like Check please The waiter brings your food. You're like I won't be needing this. I have something to eat later. The waiter's like, Oh, you too. You're like, no, literally I'm gonna eat her. Anyway, Jesus, I spent a long time on that. Factor number five, factor five, Scott doesn't sound like a scam diet, factor five. Now from our P, the scamming company. Food composition. So what's actually in the bar? This one believe it or not doesn't count for a ton because food composition and a context of good daily physical activity, good dose of resistance is training and good enough macros which protein bars hook you up with and um a calorie awareness that doesn't take you into super fat land with a surplus, food composition would actually your food is made of is a minor variable, but still when we have to mention because it does make a different bars that are higher in quality, high quality protein sources like Wayne, Cacin and Egg, a little bit of collagen is totally cool because sometimes collagen can fill out the amino acids at some of the other protein sources, miss. And if you have both collagen plus some added specific amino acids to fill out the deficits that collagen has, you can actually get a high quality protein out of that. No problem. So the particulars actually do matter here. And this comes down to like, are you dealing with a good faith company or not? Like, uh, genius shot, one of our modern formulations has mostly BLG protein and some collagen, but also specific amino acids added to that blend to make sure the collagen is filled out. So it's all high quality protein. The David bar has a very similar, but maybe not similar blend of technical sense, but also does that with collagen and amino acids filling and it is high quality protein, 100%. At least as far as I know, I don't have any direct socios you should David bar, but they seem like good people to me. David seems like a wholesome name. Doesn't it, Scott? Like, here meet my friend David. He's a cannibal, which is wholesome. I think we've covered that already, in the literal sense eating people whole. So, um, however, some companies will take the shortcut route and will like just put in crap. This unfortunately happens with some vegan protein bars, like Scott was saying earlier, like it's six grams of protein and it's all peanuts. So it's actually just like almost no complete protein whatsoever. That would be not ideal. Another one is practical food composition things. It doesn't even wrong with these things. They just have some kind of effects on the gut that some people can't tolerate. Filors like gut busting sugar, alcohols, excessive amounts of fiber can make you pupilot and bubble guts and lots of farting. Makes the cannibal date weird. She's like, Scott, you're like, what's your fetus? She's like, I'm not being on a date with someone who's been farting this entire time. You're like, right, yeah, probably not your guy. Um, that's a thing. And remember, that's not unhealthy for you. And if you protein bars a lot, you're a gut bacteria change and you can just move through that. I can have four quest bars in one sitting and I don't fart anymore than I normally do and I don't poop any different later on. Do not try that at home. If you want to cost them to it. I, that'll legit. I could have put you in the hospital. But if you are on the hospital, don't let them sit you in the waiting room. Because that waiting room just went to biohazard in like 30 minutes. To the, at the end of the deal, at the super gut got at the end of the day. Food composition is a concern, but a minor total calories of the bars that you take in are the biggest deal of all of this. So with high protein, lower fat, lower calorie, especially that's why I mentioned fat and only for that reason. Filling bars, or tasty high calorie bars on occasion within the context of a coloric total, eat up because they can be super healthy part of a balanced diet for sure. And if you have some days of mostly protein bars and shakes and not much else, that's cool too. You know, if you never get too far from a toilet. And I'll let you guys fill the blanks on that one. Anyway, I've been Dr. Mike and I'll see you next time.