Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pre-Dization, and I want to ask your question. Our Psalms are the real deal. Do they work? What do they do? Scott the video guy is laughing right now. Because this is a video we just kind of had to put out. Because lots of you find folks in the comments are asking Dr. Mike what about Psalms. Well, here you go. Not that long of a video that there's not a lot to say. Psalms, you'll hear about them in the comment section of every YouTube video. Some things unlike how to grow plants. There's always one bro in there that responding to no one will be like, I don't think take steroids man, I do Psalms. What about Psalms? What do you think about Psalms? Createine and Psalms? Hey, what about Psalms from my girl, bro? Well, bro, here's what about Psalms. Selective, engine receptor modulators are drugs intended to generate anabolic effect muscle growth effect similar to that of anabolic steroids. That with very, very truncated, very minimal side effects. Sounds pretty cool. Here's the reality as of the year 2023, early 2020, maybe because I'm cool, she'll come down the pipe. First, many unfortunately actually have comparable defects to anabolic steroids. Sorry side effects, comparable side effects to anabolic steroids, which kind of blows. We thought they were going to be side effect free, they were not. Secondly, some are pretty legit and like they have liver toxicity effects and all that stuff so they're not risk free. A lot of people will take Psalms thinking like, fuck it, I'm just on Psalms. Whatever, it doesn't matter. And sometimes it doesn't work out that way. Huge swaths per actual peer-reviewed literature of Psalms on the market are still fake fake fucking Psalms, which come in one of two varieties generally. One, nothing. No active ingredients. Two, oral steroids. Usually, diannable, debal, windstrawl, almost never our Psalms actually var because of ours more expensive and if they're going to fuck you in the ass, they might as well do it for cheap. There are a lot of people like him on Psalms, when he pulls her swollen up, sex drives like crazy, I gain 10 pounds of bloat, my lifts have all gone up by 50. I love Psalms and every liftor is ever used gears like, yes, yes, Psalms, that's what you're on. Now lastly, some are absolutely effective and relatively safe, but which ones in which brand version is still up in the air. There's not a consensus yet that I'm aware of about which brands and which Psalms really are like the go-to low side effect, high yield, reasonably dependable that you're getting what you're getting in the fucking can type of shit. Now, if you guys know of any brands or any drug names or anything like that that you've heard or can cite a reference to that's like this is well-vented, this is the real deal, et cetera, et cetera, by all means share them in the comments. And then the rest of you who are skeptical, look that shit up and see if it's, if it's that it out. Because something you can do again, then fucking deal to labs, put some of the great song brought out to use. You go to a build-o labs, just want insane guy in a fucking dumpster that makes his own gear and you're like, yes, science. So do as you wish, but in 2023, at least you're actually 23, 23, Psalms are not yet the golden fleece of antibiotics. Maybe they will be soon, maybe other drugs will come in and be even better. I can't wait for animal drugs, the grown muscle that don't have a fraction of the side effects of steroids because steroids side effects are awful. I think it would be a great thing. I just don't think Psalms are dependably in any grand sense there yet. So that's what I think about Psalms. Feel free to ask any follow-up questions like I'll get in the comments and I'll answer a few. And if you need feet picks, just DM me, brah. Wait, hold on, I don't go to YouTube DMs. Do you have DMs? Oh, Scott, the video guy. You can message an account, yes. Come to AdOS, bro. In any case, if you want more nerd stuff, we have a member section for extra videos every month. If you want to ask more depth questions, team full-romb forum is where it's at. Pretty close to guaranteed answers there from tons and tons of people including myself. And if you like, subscribe, watch, swipe, left, up, down, right, or whatever, you will either accidentally win a video game on your phone or good things will happen to our YouTube. Anyway, see you guys next time.