Hey folks, it's me, Dr. Mike, for Anastons Prevolution, and on today's BS series, we attack the idea that artificial sweeteners can make you gain weight. People say it all the time. I stay away from that fake sugar man, because it don't make me fat, and then I ain't going thin into my truck. Woo! Southerners, I'm deeply apologetic for laughing at your expense. But really excited your expense. Your son was generally cool as fuck, and they'd go with people trying to get old Southern accent. Let me know how I did. I have way more things to say in Southern if you approve of my accent in the comments. A hey, bad, how do you want? It's really not Southerners. That's unfair. I was going to say another term, but you two, you two, you two, will flag us one, they got the video guy. You know what I'm saying. Anyway, the idea that artificial sweeteners make you gain weight and get really fat is supported by one kind of study, and that's called a correlational study. They take a whole bunch of people, and they ask them, or measure somehow, how much artificial sweetener intake like for example, diet soda that they have in their diet. And they find time and time again that fatter people consume an average of more artificial sweeteners than people who are not remotely fat and are quite lean in a very good shape. And then people take this, and because people hate artificial sweeteners already anyway, and that's called the argument from nature, fallacy, or the naturalistic fallacy, depending on your choice, words. They already have that built-in. So they go and run and say, see I told you, I told you, these things are making us fat, big food and big pharma, selling you the things that make you fat, and then selling the medicines, man. And they keep you tipped to Pharma, man, with whole whole whole whole. Anyway, that's generally how the conversation goes. It is right as far as it goes, because Fatter people do an average consume more artificial swimmers. But correlation does not equal causation. It can, but often does not. It's just not reliable. For example, you will notice that the vast majority of people who have broken legs have casts on. But if we were to say, I think this cast structure is breaking people's legs that would be a curious conclusion. And insanely entirely wrong. Because the cast is something that after you get the broken leg, you put on there to make the broken leg better. Just like maybe, just maybe, people who have discovered that through other poor eating habits and lack of physical activity, they have become overweight, may think, how can I help this condition of being overweight? Aha, I'll have artificial swimmers. I'll have a diet coke instead of a regular coke. And at least for some time, while they're doing this, they are still overweight. And some of them replace some things with diet. They have more diet products. But they also have just more regular food. Those people that go to McDonald's. And they start ordering. And they're like, have a diet coke. And the person behind the counter is like, ha, a health nut, I got you. And they get ready to press the button. This is the salad, they're going to go to the salad next. They're like five fry orders, extra large, extra salt, 10 cheeseburgers, 27 piece chicken nugget. Like, sir, that's not, that's not thing. It's just 20 piece nuggets. We can give you two of those. Like, no, I want 27 nuggets. I'm going to get out of my car and bad things will happen. Do you understand? And you're like, yes, absolutely, we will put 27 exactly nuggets in there. And they're like, oh, and a frosty. This is McDonald's. The frosty is a Wendy's product. And the responses, of course, if I have to get out of this car, like, right back up up up frosty is all for the customer. In the end, a lot of people who have the diet products, who are also overweight, just consume a crap load of other food to they continue to stay on the fat or side of things, a lot of moral judgment, that's just truth. And they also consume lots of diet products. So when we do the meta studies and it shows, like, well, one more fat people, consumer diet products, it really just doesn't prove to us at all that the diet products are contributing to obesity. But because we are scientific and open minded on this channel, maybe there's some kind of mechanism through which diet products could artificial sweeteners could somehow contributing increased obesity. Maybe. But it turns out scientists have looked into pretty much all of the known candidate mechanisms and have come up with, like, colleague Dr. James Hoffman, Diddley Dick, for example, sweeteners do not seem to mess reliably or on a very large magnitude with insulin secretion. So that one's out. Most of them don't really measureably mess with gut bacteria. They do for a little while on the bacteria who's back to normal. And in fact, the natural sweetener, stevia, stevia. Whenever I say stevia, I feel like I just talk in a guy named Steve. And actually the natural one messes with it more. So it's curious there. But the gut bacteria certainly doesn't explain the obesity. And we could speculate all up to the moon and back about how this mechanism works. Of course, we're proposing there's a mechanism, because remember, it could just be correlation. It could just be likely is that better people just have more diet products in the same way that people with broken legs get casts trying to fix the problem. How can we figure out if this really is a thing? Well, we do the gold standard of scientific evidence the randomized control trial. Otherwise known in it as RCT. You really want to serve some science up to somebody and you're in a debate. You print up double bound RCTs and throw it at people. As hard as you can, that should all do some damage. It's a thick. Make sure you include it over the references because it thickens up the stack. In any case, randomized control trials, as when we take people and they enroll in the trial and we split them up into two groups. Potentially, this is how a trial could look. We say, hey, both of you folks have to have the same diet. And we're going to monitor your diet, make sure you're doing a good job. And we're going to feed one group of folks, a sweetened beverage that is sweetened with real sugar, has really calories. And another group, we're going to give you a beverage. You know, twice a day or something three times a day that has artificial sweetener and actually doesn't have any calories. But we're not going to tell you which one is which, and you'll have no idea which group you're in. Randomized, because we pick the people at random to make sure there's nobody self-selecting into groups and biasing us. And we go in and we do that. We observe them for two to four months. And we see how the result is shown in their weight and in their body fat. And most of the time, the weight loss that you get from the artificial sweetened group is exactly the same weight loss as if you took that sugar water and replaced it with just water. And nearly unanimously, artificial sweeteners do not cause weight gain like the sugar water does. And almost always they cause weight loss because how could they not? If that has zero calories, you drink it. Nothing happens, your body's like, what the fuck? Where's my food? Fuck, I got to go dinging through my own fat stores and you lose fat and you lose weight and it's great for your health. This is a direct test of the hypothesis, the idea that you can get fatter by consuming artificial sweeteners, multiple times, pretty much all the times, it has just failed. And it's not just failed. It's shown the opposite to be true. The people lose as much weight as you would predict, them to lose by replacing the regular soda, regular orange juice of water. If they replace it with diet soda or diet or in juice, I didn't have a good clever thing to say about that. That's like, probably tastes like sunny D. No offense, it's the worst thing on earth. Remember when I came to America, I moved here from Russia a thousand years ago. And I had my first sunny D and I thought, gee, this is gonna be a tasty orange juice. And I had a golf and I was like, this is an industrial solvent. I'm gonna die. I didn't die, but I got wise enough to never drink sunny D again. And to the corporation that makes sunny D, I'm deeply sorry, I'm sure whatever you guys do is awesome. This is not a thing. Artificial sweeteners do not predictably cause weight gain. They do not interfere with weight gain. They are essentially as far as weight and body fat are concerned basically inert. So the idea that taking in artificial sweeteners is better for you than taking in regular sweeteners seems right on. But the idea that regular sugar doesn't make you fatter or regular sugar makes you fatter for artificial sweeteners make you just as fat or that artificial sweeteners make you fatter than just consuming water, there's a term for that idea. What? They're Arnold said it once. Bullshit. Yeah, and that last part is critical because if you're gonna do good Arnold pressure every now and again, a random Arnold noise has to be included. One of my favorite people of all time, a science teacher that sort of mentored me in high school, he's like, why doesn't Arnold ever say, Ouch, when he gets hurt. Every time he gets hurt in a movie, like he either rock it, you know, shot at him, he goes, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What is it that he's doing? I don't wanna know. Love it, Arnold, you're the man. You folks are all the man. You know, in a general sense, I've said enough. Possibly too much. See you next time.