Chill people, get more jacked on average, the people who can't chill. That's a real thing. If you're gonna take Ashbrook onto the boost your test to level 9 trillion, is that gonna work? But if you reduce your cortisol substantially with it, and boost your test a little bit, that's where a lot of these other benefits really come from. Because if you think about it, in many cases, cortisol is kind of the anti-testosterone. Dastonatesh jack, or a phoenix, less jack, test makes you leaner, cortisol makes you less lean. All of a sudden, Ashbrook is a little bit of performance and answer, a little bit, of a muscle growth supplement, like... It could be that Ashbrook onto a deeper cellular level can boost your gains in the longer term. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength, and I have a huge update for you about the state of the research in 2025, about Ashbrook onto... Ashbrook onto... Let me see, Baba. I believe that as direct quote from the movie, the Lion King. And later, the movie also called the Lion King, again, but now an updated lifelike digital format. And Scott the Video Guys, absolutely favorite thing to do is to watch the Lion King on ice off Broadway. Scott, how many times have you gone to Lion King on ice? I mean, I have season tickets too. Thank you. To every quote, quote, game of the Lion King on ice. All right, so here's the deal. A brand new, very large review article, just hit the scene about Ashbrook onto, and it really isn't awesome article, because it covers so much of what you need to know about Ashbrook onto. To figure out if is it a supplement that you could benefit from taking? How, what to expect downsides and risks the whole gamma? So let's take a deep dive. The study name is with Ania Somnifera in parentheses Ashbrook onto, which is its plant name supplementation in review of its mechanisms, health benefits, and role and sport performance. I'm saying you had a party in our dam, but you're saying what's your name girl? Well, she's like with Ania. You're like, oh, so Ania, feeling that, what's your last name? I feel like I've gone to class with you. She's like Somnifera. You're like, ah, Somnifera, Somnifera. Anyway, would you like some punch? Yes? The Ditty Party. Scott, did you know that trial as of this recording is currently happening? It's very exciting. Are you excited? I'm so if you've been keeping up with it. I haven't, but I'm ready to see how it ends out. I know there's some sweat and celebrities out there. Ashden, cut your left the country apparently. Get the f*** out of here. He went, he was he frequented those. I mean, he's just a good clean font, right? Baby oil. Very clean. Very clean. Literally clean, but morally, maybe not. The authors that made the study possible are awesome people. They are from Poland. They are from the Gdansk University of Physical Education in Sport and Poland. I'm going to butcher their names. Not as bad as Anglophone people would. Because I got that secret Russian twist, but Bolskogurob. So let's see if I can get this. I'm going to, I'm going to miss pronounce these, but hopefully not terribly. So we have Matesh Springer, Rydislav Lekovsky. Oh, this is a dope, super Scott. This one has like 18 consonants. Is Biegenie fios? Sir, what's your name? Biegenie f***? How do you spell it? He's like, don't worry about how you spell it. And I'm saying, but because they're Polish, they're probably all six foot three and in perfect shape and 220 pounds. And just exists like this because Polish people are better. It was published in February of 2025, which is a very, very recent for an nutritional review article. So it's very top tier. And it was published in the Journal of Nutrition and Metabolism, which actually has the distinction of having one of the most exciting and indirect names in all scientific journals. Hey, what's this journal about? Nutrition and metabolism. Oh, so is that like kind of like a nutrition and metabolism? Uh-huh. Oh, cool. dope. And Scott is a possible if we throw the PubMed link in the description there somewhere. I remember yes. Now, if Scott remembers yes, if not, you know, chat you be to exists. So the study design is very important. It is what's called a narrative review, which means that there are no formal, super grainy statistics applied to the whole thing. They just talk about all the studies, aggregate all the studies they can find. And in a way that is basically a descriptive way, talk about the results and the implications and conclusions and all that stuff. So it's not something you can cite and go, okay, exactly these things were found, but it is very helpful to get the big picture lay of the land, especially for practical applications. Who's got limitations of not being as super ultra quantitative as we would like, but it's got real advantages in giving us a good qualitative description of the state of the field. And it does this very, very well. They studied mechanistic pathways of Ashwaganda, which we're not going to cover here, because they're honestly super sciencey and boring. I don't want to bore you guys to tears. The many other great YouTube channels for that sort of thing. Probably this one on most days. They covered sport performance outcomes. Like strength and power and view to the actual beginning to all those body composition shifts. They're talking about muscle gain, a little bit of a mention of fat loss, some appetite and cravings control stuff. Clinical domains, like fertility, anxiety, metabolic health, glucose control, lipids aging, and they address future research gaps, which we'll talk about with those are down the line. So I would say there are by six main variables that they studied, which we'll go through, and then seven secondary variables, that are maybe not front of mind, but numb the less important. We're going to go through each variable. And basically, give you guys the raw, super quick cut deal of like, what does Ashwaganda do for this outcome that you might be interested in? The first most important outcome ever, anywhere in all of science, like we got our comedies, you know what I'm saying? Copernicus, they did great work. Darwin, Einstein, Ray Kurtzwile, all of that led into lean mass gains. Lean mass gains, the most important thing you could ever study, because it's how jack you are. And what is more important than being jacked? Oh, in case you have an answer, check this out. Exactly. Boom. So most of these benefits through all of the research I'm on a site, is seen in that roughly 300 to 600 to 900 milligram per day range. So typically, you take about 600 millimeter of Ashwaganda, usually in the morning when you wake up, and then you do that for 08 to 12 weeks, which is the duration of many of the studies involved here, and you're going to see some of these benefits. So for all of this, the supplies, and for lean mass, there is a discernible increasingly mass that's measured and verifiable. But it comes out to roughly a few pounds of muscle over that typical time course, which is as I roughly estimate it with the help of opening eyes O3 reasoning model, something like 25 to 40 percent of the effect of the Tier 1 muscle gain supplement that's legal and available and has no crazy downsides, creatine. So about 25 to 40 percent of the potential muscle mass gains of creatine, which is like good, because creatine's really good as far as not pharmaceutical enhancement goes mild, but like, yeah, okay, okay, Ashwaganda probably gonna grow you a little bit of muscle, which is really really cool. But it's not going to just fill you up with total jackness right away. It's just know what you're getting into is a little bit of a mild boost. Very important to know. For max strength, like one or invention squat, for example, we saw another similar this time a little bit higher, 40 to 60 percent of the effect of creatine so notably a high effect size. It was really good, really distinct. And it looks like, you know, you get a kind of five to eight percent over eight to 12 week protocols of a bump in one or at max from Ashwaganda, where from creatine you typically see an eight to 12 percent jump. So this is good. And remember, these Ashwaganda works through different pathways than creatine. So it likely in many cases additive. So throwing an Ashwaganda during an important training phase, starting to look like, hey, it's not the end of the world, but it might very well help. They did an examination on power and explosive performance. And they were like five to seven, depending on how you count them randomized control trials involving power outcomes with Ashwaganda supplementation. And all kinds of different subjects mixed training status, some train, some untrained, some somewhere in between. And the gains there are much smaller for two reasons. One, Ashwaganda seems not to have as big an effect on power, but also power is just small change anyway, because it changes so slowly and so little over time that it, it a little bit of a measurement problem. So it's not this crazy explosive supplement, but it will help you on the margins in most cases. What it does do, even better than creatine, better than most supplements, and maybe all supplements that are you would typically take, is it does increase your VO2 max multiple studies of shown this? It seems pretty well hypothesized at this point that this is a good effect. And so it really, in the boost seems to be over a course of eight to 12 weeks, a roughly four milliliters per kilogram per minute gain in VO2 max. And the way you measure VO2 max is typically like if you have a VO2 max of under 30, you consider probably pretty poor health, 30 to 40 is kind of a normal person, 40 to 50 someone's really good shape, 50 to 60 is like really good shape, 60 pluses like Olympic caliber good shape, and depending on the modality and how you measure at 70 pluses like, you know, mothership and too many people like you. And so you get a boost over eight to 12 weeks, a four like man, like that's pretty good. You know, if you round that couldn't like, you know, optimistically to five, that's like, you know, like you get new from in good shape to like pretty damn good shape. So definitely keep an eye on more research for this because if the VO2 max stuff plays out, then increase in a row of the capacity, you can increase the recovery between sets and sessions, get you a little bit better for high reps. Here's the thing about VO2 max. Truthfully, I could give this zero, it's about VO2. Okay, I do compete in Juts. I can give a lot of, it's about VO2, but I'm not good at it. And I don't care and being Jack is the ultimate thing in this world. That's a little quote by God from every Holy text. If you have read every single Holy text, that's the 11th commandment. And so I, VO2 max is fine wherever it is. Just keep it away from me. However, however, if you are doing high reps sets and to my reps and my match, my match stuff really clustering your sets together, like you would in the RPG hypertrophy, aptly in the description. Then, if you're VO2 max sucks, it's actually more difficult to push your muscles close to failure because your cardio gives out first. Your muscles are like, I still got it and your heart and lungs are like, ah, we're doing shit. So if you boost your VO2 max in a way that requires a lot of endurance training, you might be giving up some of the adaptability because endurance training does make you better at endurance, but might after a while reduce your ability to gain muscle because it transforms your fiber types a little bit from faster twitch which grow muscle really well to slower twitch, don't grow it as much. So at the end of the day, if you can take a supplement that like meaning fully boost your VO2 max, man, I might be while in your way to get in a few more reps out, close to failure when you're breathing really hard with short rest breaks, especially if you have a condensed training window for a few hours a week where you do a back-to-back alternating compound supersets and stuff like that. And like, yeah, this could definitely help. So definitely keep an eye on this VO2 max situation. Mirroring that, the recovery and fatigue data is interesting because many of the studies show a decrease in soreness perception and an increase in perceived recovery. And this isn't a huge deal. It's as measured recovery scales, 10 to 20% better. But listen, if someone said like, hey, do you want to take a supplement that'll boost your recovery however we measure it by 15%. But what exactly say, no, I don't think that sounds pretty good. And because so far Ashbagaanda has seemed to have no negative health effects, it's super cheap. It doesn't screw up a ton of stuff with hormone-wise, which we'll see in a bit, like, man, all these things added up, like, I'm going to look pretty good, looking pretty damn good. Now, the next thing is satellite cell activation. Satellite cells are these cells that sit just outside of your functional muscle cells. And if you train really hard and really push the limits of growth, they activate and they fuse into your muscle and help grow it even bigger. And even after you lose muscle size, if you don't train for a little while, the satellite cells kind of never leave and then you start training again. It's like training with better genetics. That's why rebound gains from like being off for a while or humongous, you get back all of your muscle really fast. In animal data, very limited animal data in Ashbagaanda, they have seen the higher incorporation and higher proliferation and differentiation of satellite cells. So no human data yet, so let's not go crazy because rodents sometimes be a little different. However, Scott, you ever see a mouse and you're like, I'm not like in a trans-species stuff, but that's a cute mouse. I mean, they're adorable. I don't mean like that. I mean sexy, adorable. I see, so you and I were saying the same. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Guys, we are a God fearing channel and we don't mean to put this Satanism on you constantly, seemingly subconsciously, it flows from us. Well, for me, but Scott, you've never really pulled me away from the Satanic shit. Have you? No, I let you burn in sin. Wow. Yeah, I mean, look, you know, like can't, you can't fool God, right? You're like, hey, Mike's just going to be himself and a lightning bolt comes through. In any case, speculating on mouse attractiveness completely aside, yeah, man, this looks promising. This looks promising and definitely food for thought. So it could be that Ashbagaanda on a deeper cellular level can boost your gains in the longer term. That is all the primary variables, but that doesn't mean they're the only important ones because we have seven secondary variables. I want to talk about that are also at the very least insightful. And the first one true to my nature is Ashbagaanda's effect on anxiety. Anxiety is the thing that you get as a secondary effect of being Jewish. That's not wrong, but I guess that's not the whole thing because other people also get anxiety. And so anxiety is totally fine. The proper physique. The problem is that oftentimes anxiety will reduce your quality of sleep, duration of sleep. It'll boost your cortisol, which actually directly does inhibit muscle growth performance recovering all that stuff. And so as a psychological booster, Ashbagaanda absolutely has an effect at anxiety that's modest and really like what you can describe as fairly convincing. It does reduce anxiety. And it seems to work best in chronically stressed adults, i.e. at least half of you. The dose response is still fuzzy. We're not sure exactly where that peaks out, but at 600 milligrams, you're going to get one good effect on an average or most case. And so if it's just for psychological purposes, this will just help you be less anxious, which like objectively makes your life better. But on a physiological purposes, because it's probably doing the anxiety reduction, at least in part, maybe in whole from lowering your cortisol levels, which will get to in just a second, this is a good thing for making you more jacked as well. Chill people get more jacked on average than people who can't chill. That's a real thing. Next, HPTA, Hypoithalemic Petuitary Access is going to be as technically go nadal and there's somewhere, but we'll skip that part. Are we then up talking about gonaz? Scott, have you ever looked at a mouse's gonaz and you were like, do all boy has it? Oh, just doing it. I just know that about them, but now I'm going to Google image stage. Honestly bro, okay, so in high school biology, I help my science teacher take care of some of the animals because I frankly had no friends and he was an amazing person. And once we got some rats shipped over for some like experiments the students were doing and it's supposed to be female only rats, but they put a male in by accident. He was two times the size of the female rats. And Scott, like I kid you not bro, like he weighed like a pound, right? Like he was the size of like your forearm. Okay, okay, right? So he was the size of he was a rat. He was a rat. It's a huge mouse hole. Yes, he was the size of your forearm, but his testicles, which is how we knew he was amailed by the way, we didn't have to look hard. They were Scott, no joke. Half the size of an adult man's balls. Oh my god. That ratio of body to not size is like gonaz. I was like, what? And here's something you might want to not hear. How did it taste? Amazing. Oh, well, I didn't eat them. I didn't kill the rat. I did hook up with the rat. No joke. He, like, was he crawled over the cage, like just like crawling on top of the cage with all the other female rats. And I kid you not bro, this is really disturbing. He had like some kind of glandular secretion on his testicles. And it robbed it. Like you could see it like leaving a little bit of fluid on the cage as he like literally dragged his nuts over the cage. And the female rats Scott were desperately trying to scamper up towards him. Like freaking out, like trying to climb the cage. Like Scott, they were trying to worship their king. Wow, I'm trying to get some of that secretion. You know what I'm saying? Was, you feel me? It was like the manly as shit I'd ever seen in my life. This guy, like, imagine like people were expecting a certain thing. And another thing shows up that's two times the size with gigantic door balls and has got the ladies cooking. King energy. Your boys secreting over here. Yeah, it's a creaton. And funny enough, I believe if memory serves the first scientist, of course, a German, tried and successfully before isolating testosterone, blended and injected rat testicles into himself. And he got like a very lousing effect. I'm telling right now, like, I'm sure he had a fever for a long time. There's a lot of stuff in there that's not testosterone. That later he got children's guy and they came out as a rat people. Wow, that part's not true. They were a quarter, a quarter rat person because he had half human DNA then and half rat DNA in his own genitals. And the woman he met and a loved was a bully, believe it or not, fully human, just not my prediction. But then a quarter rat babies. Anyway, that was a one hell of a tangent. That's what we're known for. Very robust dampening of cortisol from most of these studies on Ashwaganda and a little bit but notable and detectable in a real world to bump in testosterone. If you're going to take Ashwaganda to boost your test to level 9 trillion, is that going to work? But if you reduce your cortisol substantially with it and boost your test a little bit, that's where a lot of these other benefits really come from. Because if you think about it in many cases, cortisol is kind of the anti testosterone. Test an HGAC or a thomachus, last Jack, test makes you leaner, cortisol makes you last lean, test fills you with confidence, cortisol fills you with literally the opposite of like a feeling of fear and vulnerability. So if you really low or cortisol and you're really lower testosterone, that's just kind of less of you as a human. If you're really lower cortisol with Ashwaganda and you boost testosterone a little bit, that on the aggregate is a pretty big effect. This is really good stuff which makes Ashwaganda a reliable buffer to stress and the endocrine shifts we saw which testosterone and cortisol are still in that normal physiological range. It doesn't screw you up. It doesn't shut down your testosterone production. It just makes you a little bit more optimized, much more optimized in the cortisol side and the stress side, a little bit optimized in the testosterone side, which is really, really dope. But it doesn't end there because Ashwaganda has mechanistically solid proof and a little bit of human proof now emerging that shows a reduction of inflammatory cytokines, basically molecules that like inflame your whole body and make all kinds of shit go not so well. And this plausibly contributes to the recovery benefits, but probably contributes to health in a pretty decent way. So all of a sudden Ashwaganda is like a little bit of performance and answer, a little bit of a muscle growth supplement, a little bit of strength and a little bit of health. Like, you know, this is start to look real curious. We can't get to far out of our cells of speculation. I'll say why towards the end of this in the kind of limitations of this sort of review on all the studies in it. But we can get very, very curious. Appetite and cravings control was studied. Zero human appetite specific trials, very speculative of a quarter-saule left in interaction. It would say it's interesting. Need much more data. I just don't think that Ashwaganda is going to be a big appetite suppressant to be completely honest, like with trisappetite around, or it doesn't need any more appetite suppressant. But it's probably if it's an appetite suppressant at all, which is unclear, it's going to be a very, very mild one. Some people when they have high cortisol exposure, they get way less hungry. Some people know change, and other people get way more hungry stress eaters, which not everyone is, by the way. And so if you are a stress eater because of the cortisol-leptin interaction, yeah Ashwaganda might actually substantially regulate your appetite. But it's not going to be this drug that dependably most people take and their appetite goes down. On the glycemia thing, glucose control, which is a really predictive of health, they have demonstrated a decrease in fasting glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin, a one-c, which is a really good long-term measure of glucose health essentially, glycemic health. And so it's nowhere near as powerful as frontline medications for diabetes, like semagmatide and trisappetite and a bunch of trurlicity in all those other ones. I think that an HIV medication or diabetes treatment. I know the glycemia stuff, good news, not a big thing. But hey, all these sprinklings of these very mild tomaterate positives, kind of look pretty damn good. Same story with lipids, blood fats, as with glucose, mildly beneficial. The pool data seems to show that we have a reduction in total cholesterol, a reduction in LDL, the bad cholesterol, and unchanged on that good cholesterol, but also bit of a reduction in triglycerides. So nothing crazy, single-digit percentage shifts, nothing you can get from real medicines for this kind of stuff. Sure, shit, not what you would get from semagmatide and trisappetite, but in the right direction, which is really good. And then the last variables kind of aging and age-related vitality, there's just only early glimmers of this. I wouldn't put a lot of stock into it. There are three small trials in older adults and a few cognition studies showing memory and reaction time perks. And this might be something you would expect from cortisol modulation, especially if you have very high cortisol levels, you can actually reduce temporarily your ability to be fluidly cognizant of things because you're in like fighter flight mode. It's like someone's like there's terrorists at the front of the plane and you're in the back shaking with a, in like a straw, you're going to defend yourself with and someone's like, hey, can you a factor of this equation? You're like, what the f***? Like it's kind of low key like that. So just through that mechanism alone, we could potentially see some of those cognitive enhancement. Nothing to write home about yet. So I would just say that one's like, ah, maybe, maybe now. So the bottom line kind of insight that the authors of the study draw, and it's in a many amazing study, I would highly encourage you to look through it if you're really sciencey, is Ashwaganda is a, quote, moderate multi mechanism adjunct. It's not like a creatine level, like just totally powerful supplement for getting jacked and strong, et cetera, but it is potentially, uh, because halfway to creatine on strength and size and all that stuff has some really awesome stress management, uh, VO2 max enhancing and some other health benefits for the inflammation, et cetera, they're really, really good on the aggregate. Now that's the good news. Let's get to a little bit or not. So good news on study limitations and, uh, kind of hold our horse a little bit and then get to the TLDR. So first of all, this is a narrative review, and not a systematic review or meta analysis. So they didn't do any, uh, like, risk of bias scoring, which can eliminate entire pools of studies, because like that study is almost certainly bullshit kind of thing. So they're really just kind of vibing, but vibing is very important, especially in qualitative there is a high sample heterogeneity, which means like the studies are kind of like all sorts of different populations. So you can't really tell like, hey, like what about like just testing if like one specific like a young male, um, you know, 18 to 22 year old college resistance train population 10 times in a row on all sorts of different stuff. And you get a really good understanding because it's a very stable environment. High heterogeneity means like just setting on all people here, the city and young women here, there's three studies on males here, two of my trained one trained. You kind of have to like scratch your head and be like, okay, we're seeing a lot of stuff in these different ones, but it gets a little complicated. So our like confidence of concluding, this is really what's happening and why is a little bit lower. Typically what you want is a good homogeneity of baseline studies. And when you have a lot of that to really conclude like in this specific group of people, something is really for sure happening. Later you get a heterogeneous bloom of studies out, very different kinds of studies to conclude that we have mechanism, we have the straightforward understanding and now we have the application to different people. If you have a few very homogeneities, it's okay. And this population of worse, we have no idea if it's going to work for anyone else. If you have a small number of heterogeneities, you're like, you know, really, you know, as so much complex you're going, I don't really know what's happening. So this is a little bit more of that ladder, not terrible, but not ideal. And most of these studies are fewer than 60 participants, which means you can't detect small effects. That's probably for the best because small effects usually point less than a talk to as you know, I'm doing anything. And it's e to 12 weeks long. In most cases, just limitation of normal study design. So we don't really know what happens after three months, well, Ashburg, and doesn't see anything bad from the user reports, but we can't be sure of that. There is a sex bias, which actually, if you guys don't know this, but Scott, the video guy used to be a romance novelist, and he has a whole series one through 18 of a book called Sex Bias. Pretty good, how's Scott? Yeah, that's good. Yeah, yeah, I remember the novelist. And I, I'd like cover art is like, you know, a damsel in distress, yes, we'd buy a man on a horse. Wow, that's pretty pretty straightforward. I like that's the cover art for a book called Sex Bias. You're like, but is it, does anything do with the book? Oh, no, no, it's about a young lawyer who's struggling to find romantic connection. But there is a horse scene. Mr. Hand, look it up. Mr. Do not look up Mr. Hand, the horse scene. Go look it up. If you're a child, don't look it up. This channel's for adults. Scott, did you know what, bro? I think I told you this, but like I was at a mall in Texas, and I got basically surrounded and bullied by a group of 12 to 14 year olds. They were very kind. They were sweet people. But then I was like, you guys watched the channel. They were like, yeah, and I'm like, stop watching the channel. There's nothing on here. Christian for you folks. Good God. Go watch from Sam. Blues clues. Show like that. Do I have a problem with telling different age kids apart? Scott. I do as well. Can you imagine, like, you have like a 13 year old cousin, you get her birthday party gift. You're like, it's polka hauntest, the DVD set. She's like, are you serious? You're like, don't kid love shit like this. All right, I'll get you a barbeque. She's like, I'm leaving. Whatever. Um, uh, hell, would you get the third Scott, I actually realize something while, while telling that bullshit fake story. If, if, uh, like, I've multiple friends and family who are eventually going to have 13 year old girls, I have absolutely no idea what you would get these people for a birthday gift. That's, that's a great question. I actually don't either. With the hell do kids like nowadays? Also, it's an awkward age because you're like, not kid any more, but like a grown up, uh, a Lannis Morisets CD. Yeah. Make up stuff now, right? But are you giving a kind of like, okay, this is a problem with that. Scott, you're not wrong. But one hell of a hint with makeup, because, hey, you need this. It could be taken wrong. Another one is mom and dad can be like, what are you doing? Like, I, I, I think your daughter likes this. I'm going to see myself out, land mine. And the last part is like, Scott, like, um, what do you know about what type of makeup that people use? And it's absolutely zero. Like, the store has makeup and people buy it. That's as far as I go. You're going to an ass. That's how you think the girls work out there. You go to like, maybe it's in your like, hey, so one of my nieces 13 and uh, kind of make up to those people use. She's like, I don't know what's her complexion. You're like, what's a complexion? She's like, get out of here. Oh, by the way, here by this $250 makeup gift certificate. Yeah, see Scott, that really probably is the move, huh? Like, like, an Amazon gift certificate. You just go to Macy's, you're going to Altza, God, everybody knows that. Whoa, you do know some things. Altza? Is it Altza, like a mattress store? No. All right. Well, there you go. And that's what if I can Scott know about 13 year old females? Functionally, nothing. I can't even pick a model of a crowd. So uh, sex bias. That's how I got to this. Um, 80% of these studies were on young men, a few on old folks. The first female randomized control trial for athletes only appeared in 2025. Uh, so that's a bit of a limitation. So if you're female, I actually can literally well, I really tell you as a researcher. I have no idea what Ashwagant is going to do for you who the f*** knows. Uh, we need more data on that doesn't mean you shouldn't take it or something like that, but you probably shouldn't take it or something like that. Um, geographic clustering, the uh, many of these studies were run in India, which is dope in the Asafoet, by place, but with identical extract suppliers. And so you got to wonder, is there potential publication funding bias? Like if we had 10 studies and creatine and nine of them for from Wisconsin, I'd be like, what the hell is going on here in Wisconsin? It doesn't mean there's bias. It just means we can't get too far ahead of ourselves and me like for sure Ashwagant is all these great things. We got to be like, hey, there are some really cool stuff. Let's see if a lot of other labs around the world can confirm this before we go out to the store and spend a hard-earned money on gallons of the stuff. There's a bit of ambiguity, on dose and extract from what I understand. It could be wrong KSM66. I think it's called uh, is like the best Ashwagant that's kind of the purist, but I share a shit if used dollar Ashwagant before and apparently it's not as good. So especially if you go buy it at the store, I would say like you look for high quality Ashwagant and maybe talk to chatchipyty about what that even is before you go. Don't just get anything because a lot of supplement companies are great and some of them are just those just sell you whatever. And yeah, it's technically Ashwagant in here. I think they just like got the bark of the tree and put it in there. So Ashwagant gonna work. There's a little bit of kind of mechanistically progging. We say like, you know, satellite cells worked in mice and they're gonna work in people. Now the guy is truthfully did not say it in the study, but if you misread the study, you can get like, oh my god dude, Ashwagant is gonna double my my my in satellite cells by 18 trillion unlikely, uh, possible. But certainly not something we can confident include. Here's the thing you guys might have noticed to the sharp ear might have noticed that there's just no good fat loss data yet. We can talk about fat loss. And so there's no reason to suspect fat loss is gonna be hugely affected. Now, slightly increased testosterone significantly reduced cortisol over the long stretch of 12 week of a hypochloric diet could go better with Ashwagant and lead permissibly to more fat loss. But not directly through some like this thing literally burns fat. That's probably not happening. And of course, I already mentioned this short follow-ups nothing really longer than 16 weeks in literature. So chronic endocrine or hepatic changes like liver and hormone stuff is an open field. It says, you know, like basically like safety is a question mark. It's just highly unlikely Ashwagant is gonna be unsafe because the margins by which it moves your hormones are in the good directions. All of the stuff you see with the blood work is actually in the very good direction. And like that doesn't booster, testosterone, and often really shot anything down. Does that 100%. It's just nothing you should worry about, but it would be good to see more long-term literature. So TLDR for all of the conclusions here. Ashwagant seems like a really cool supplement for keeping your test up a little bit and dropping your cortisol substantially. It can definitely help keep anxiety lower. So I take it during my times when I take slightly more special sports supplements that drive me insane. And in the real world that can be a really big boost if you struggle with anxiety. And you just don't want to expect rapid muscle gains or fat losses. Like don't take Ashwagant for 12 weeks. No, I got it felt a little better. Everything went better, but I didn't get ripped. This supplements sucks. That's just not what you're gonna go get out of it. You can get much better muscle gains out of like antibiotics, psalms, modern weight loss drugs, like you know ligandrol for the psalms, trisapatide for the weight loss drugs. That's really heavy hit or stuff. Way more side effects for those drugs, but ligandrol, way way more side effects. But definitely like it's not that category of like jacked fuel or something, that however, especially like the last two thirds of a fat loss phase with hard training and good diet using the RP diet coach app using the RPiper to fiat if you're interested in ligandescription. It might make its biggest difference in that situation. And 300 or 600 milligrams every day of good high quality Ashwagant supplement, take it in the morning is totally fine. Yeah, yeah, it might make things go just a bit smoother, which really over the course of time can be a big deal. And I'll see you guys next time.