Listen, real talk. There's only one that he bought a bill there in here, and that's how you know we're being real Trying to say some shit about us What's up, RP YouTube? Today I have a client of mine from Hong Kong many of you might know who this is if you follow me on Instagram Some of you just do the YouTube thing, so maybe you don't but this is Marvin aka Marvin the Martian aka Martin if you're Scott our video guy But he is one of the leanest men of all time He's a natural pro when the WMBF He just got second place at the world world championships in LA and We are taking into national to try to give him an I for be for a card as well in the lightweight bodybuilding division So that'll be interesting, but it's tripping. Yeah, yeah, that's gonna be a good time I'm tripping listen to this guy the self doubts are already starting you can tell he's from Hong Kong Yes What is going to be a great time? Did they are putting him through a little pool session? Back today and then legs tomorrow. Yeah, oh, no push tomorrow. No legs tomorrow. Okay cool. So let's Let's get to it. Marvin's probably gonna take a shirt off at some point and everybody's gonna flip shit And you guys can make all the natural claims in the comments that you wish So we need to take a little bit wider grip than normal and you're gonna roll to the top of your chest and then so it's gonna be here And then you're gonna take it and you're gonna roll you're gonna take a little bit more now Grip and rode your stomach that shit. I try to be forward this this one is hard Yeah, so the higher we hit on the chest with a bit more of the upper back Okay, so like this Good In the nursery set your grip take more narrow grip To here yeah, I wonder we had weight on the other side and then you go road to stomach. Yeah, you're like this first exercise of the day is going to be a Barbell road to chest Super set with a barbell bin of a row. We're doing this to limit the load Marvin is between shows right now. He has like two and a half weeks left until nationals So we're really using a lot of the same variations What with intensity techniques thrown in so this intensity technique is this exercise was a barbell bit row But we're adding in that first component of barbell road to chest instead obviously It's more disadvantageous so it's a harder exercise so you're doing the road to chest first Limiting the load and then you're going into that bit row So this will be his first exercise then we're going to machine row and hitting the back later we're gonna do some bite of some delts My favorite part about this This is about to do the superset with 95 pounds Which I'm pretty sure we had a pretty jack female on the channel doing And half the comments in this video are still gonna be that he's not natural He's 154 pounds on stage Hi, little back or chest Marvin Every time There it is Oh Start There you go Just some like every time Big chest There you go Done What are you gonna say? I do What is that? What does it mean? Ah fuck this Sort of so many something works great Well I've done this but not this good form before yeah, that's great You see I can see a lot of growth in the off season yeah, I think we'll have a hard time about the off season Look at that true true body brother over here I mean he wanted work on your weakness way Chest There you go oh yeah Great stretch Big chest Reach there you go Be sure touch Oh yeah good stomach Big rope in rope and right Big chest Big Beautiful more Just slow down Good done Nice man yeah, my shred is good Yeah, you can warm from the primer over there if you want Clean it first Oh you're good. I got it. Okay. Thank you Ha ha Next exercise Simple because this is the only wrong machine in the gym is the prime seated row Marvin is gonna do the prime seat of row for you can put it on the same one put the same peg put on two I don't the force curve stuff So uh seated machine row For second exercise He was using something similar at dragon for the last month so this isn't too bad Three sets here 15 to 20 range this will be his last straight set movement before moving to in the TNT technique First one was a superset but we still rested a pretty good amount between sets Here he's gonna do two or three sets Uh 15 to 20 reps Rust a good amount Then what we go into the seated flexion row he's gonna be doing a giant set and he's gonna have a limited rest periods on that But it's really gonna cook his back finish it off before his last exercise. It was a vertical pulling exercise So horizontal emphasis today again. We're just doing enough volume to maintain this lean tissue between shows We had a couple of high days so he's definitely primed for a really good pump today So yeah, seated machine row Two to three sets 15 to 20 reps. Let's get to it You Don't want you to be very forceful on the concentric knee pull Which then people sometimes get confused and that first bit of their eccentric is also fast So they're like forceful, no like they just go like this and drop it. I want a forceful concentric phase on which you deposit And immediately switch back to all right this needs to be a slow eccentric melt the shit Are your eccentric and don't Because then another thing people do is they'll get to like the end of the eccentric and instead of continuing to stretch They'll be like okay, it's time to go up so they kind of bounce it's the same with both squats And they've been depressed they really control and then they kind of like double bounce off their chest and they try to push too too quickly So really control the eccentric you have a pause here with a full stretch and a pause here for the forceful concentric slow Pause all stretch stretch, stretch, stretch, forceful, right? Don't speed up any part of that motion because you're caught up in that concentric knee fast fast fast So it's it's gonna suck because there is gonna be a quarter-in-quote constant tension on the muscle right It's gonna hurt and you're gonna get less reps. Yes, but it's okay That's it good nice pause of the bottom too. It's good stuff I'm not worried about how many reps you get here Marvin. I won't ever erect to you fucking perfect So don't short change the concentric and don't short change the easy Of course hold come on Look remember Are you going back to the easy and your motion you can control? Yes Pull pull pull that's it Yes Marvin beautiful man. Let's go Oh Yeah, come on Marvin you got three for more Yes sir, yes sir, yes sir Full stretch full stretch forceful Last one last one let's go let's go oh you got another one now That was bullshit that was bullshit slow Martin slow slow slow slow stretch part hard hard Corsical good Talk that shit go ahead can't knees go ahead fucking Jared good Good stuff man. I love you Best set good stuff Fifty total reps Fifty fifty fifty five zero so like a dinosaur. Oh, so what do you think how do you feel with that weight Next exercise is going to be a seated cable flexion row It's an intensity technique as I stated before it's going to be a giant set but with short rest periods I've stated this in the channel already but There are two ways to perform a giant set one way is the giant's a kind of just allows you to Pick a target rep range pick a weight and that way weekly Especially during your contest prep when you really died it died it down and you're getting glycogen depleted And you feel like your court on court strength is dipping but really it's just a lack of glycogen This allows you to just focus on the number of the volume that you're getting in total the sets are like just kind of non-existent because you might get five sets one week and the next week It's really fucking hard so you get seven with the next week yet a repeat so it's four sets But you're getting it in this allocated rep range that you put on the week This week is 50 next week. So we go up by probably five to ten reps etc So you're not really worrying about the sets you're just able to focus on the weight the reps and Getting as many as you can with that weeks relative like proximity to failure So the relative intensity this week though. We're doing that with short rest periods So that's kind of a way you can spice it up and really really push them with tablites since this is week Two and a half weeks out That's really what we're trying to do. It's as last show of the year. He's been dieting for quite some time Definitely gonna be hard to get uh rep match next week because we're gonna be pushing the diet kind of hard 50 reps this week 55 next week. It might take four sets this week and it might take seven next week We're not really worried about that. We're just worried about keeping the rep rest period consistent Keeping the weight consistent and moving up and reps over the course of time We're more They just This is like Jackie Shit I really want you to focus on not short changing your eastern trick. Okay You get to a point where it gets hard and you start you know you're gonna be a tend to be a hard concentric So you kind of Short change you just try to go right back into right there keep stretch Which There you go Martin Beautiful stress one more more more Oh Seven left yeah I need to truth yeah, I mean if you just say oh fuck you doing good that no improvement That's I can so good jerk My my masturbation Do nothing good on the stage Yeah Yeah, one lie to you if you got a clean up your technique you got to clean it up If I think you're gonna do well to show you're probably gonna do well to show you know I'm not gonna lie to you about it. Yeah, sure. I think you can do very well Nationals, you know, thank you man. Yeah, so let's fucking I believe in you now so these next two weeks matter So this is the last seven See it making perfect Good morning, full stretch. Yes That's good Deep deep deep hanging out pull good shit Good job yeah, that was good the last wrap there how you kind of did it exactly as if you're gonna do another one It's perfect pull down's next You Last exercise of the day again this was a horizontal emphasis pulling a lot of rhomboid a lot of mid-trap Now we're gonna focus on the lats with a pull down exercise We do pull down here because he might be able to pull up she's 154 pounds I'm a fan of either assisted pull ups on the exercise or pull down variation It helps a lot because you're already super pumped most of your backs pretty toast including your Rectors so the pull down just helps you to be able to get kind of into the higher rep range Use this as a horizontal emphasis with lighter Vertical pulling so when you're doing a lighter vertical pulling you're trying to get into more that 10 to 20 rep range Pull down's a perfect for that so we're gonna do three sets here Probably 15 to 20 how like the upper range of that for this deep into contest prep Again just kind of building a tunnel to have a light it's just doing enough falling to 18 muscle tissue Three sets of 15 to 20 reps and that's gonna finish off the back workout We don't lean we pull you're just pushing your chest up fortunately Oh yeah Marvin Fucking perfect Good Marvin let's go Great stretch Ripped this part of it apart Ribbon part yes down big chest the lean I want it for some of what I'm gonna from the chest in the elbows Better yes Marvin that's perfect Deep stretch Oh yeah good stuff good How's that yeah a little different than you know Good okay so definitely That loss of technique right here and that's good Real movement highlight That's more more improvement Yeah looks good man Back though Good Marvin Hang out feel it stretch keep it up Just just just just just I'm just worried about quality kind of go shit about you actually getting her up That's it Done Thank you Good stuff to look at the side of the join us for this video Couple things first How do I know Marvin the reality is I wasn't always doctor might I wasn't involved some gang activity Hong Kong Singapore Shanghai I don't know what black tar heroin is but I know I do the shipments Amar who make sure local police everything's fine Me I'm like king pin you know just only in appearance The next thing is where was I why was I in this video again? I don't like to talk about it Jared knows this I have I've I've taught hip hop dance to underprivileged youth for 15 years in the Metro Detroit area It was just as so scheduled and everyone's eight eleven a.m. I'm there and you know it's like Watching those kids get that inspiration That's why Also technically I Overqualified to teach hip hop dance cuz I can pop and lock at the same time bet you're more focused never seen that shit Anyway, Jared how was the workout? It's good Marvin how do you feel? You pop and lock? No, we need to come to class mother fucker. Okay, next Wednesday. I'll see you in class Yeah, I was the first person. Excellent Yeah, what are you? No you look great Actually, the application self this is he is technically this is in water. So for you all out of that yeah exactly makes sense out of he had some sushi after his last show some caramel popcorn and theater But no, yeah, this is in water. He was just kind of wild because you guys are gonna make every fake Nadi claim known to mankind on this video and I can't wait 154 pounds 39 years old Yes lifetime now to bodybuilder. I'm unbelievable listen real talk There's only one nadi bodybuilder in here and that's how you know we're being real Technically we're not trying to say some shit about us here's the thing I know this is a long shop but to all you guys here that live in the Michigan Metro Detroit area of three of our followers that do Three of our subscribers yes, we will be taking Marvin two Bronners the world's largest Christmas store And that'll be amazing anything Scott the video guy I kind of feel like you should be there as well You'll hate it Jared I'm gonna pull out my lightsaber. It's not gonna be a pretty scene. There you go Anakin Skywalker We good good that was great. See you guys