Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSW in today. I have a public service announcement for you. For the sake of the youngest people in our society, the children stop drinking through juice and stop feeding into your children. Child Protective Services, where are you at? That kid has a juicy juice box. Get mom and dad out of the picture. Guess what, Junior? You got to go live in a beautiful, caring, loving, stay run orphanage. Damn, I started up pretty hard on that. I'll see it in a nicer way. Ban all fruit juice now. You go to city council, ban all fruit juice, ban all fruit juice. And then you're like, damn. Social Justice Warders got really chated away this time. All right. So real talk, just kidding. Fruit juice is tasty and totally cool to drink. On many occasions, I just want to tell you guys that it has some downsides I want. You to think about. I know fitness ruins everything. You can't even fucking have a glass of orange juice on a fucking plain landing in your own plane until your own airport, into your own city. In London, think about that. Without the stupid RP doctor might crap, but everything's bad for you. It's not that bad, but check this out. First fruit juice is very high calorie, but it's not filling. No one's like, oh man, I'm super hungry. Like, hey, here's a third can of orange juice. Oh, thank God, that really took the edge off. What? Okay, thanks, great. When do we eat actual food? Okay, problem. Got it. Not filling. So if we are eating to try to control our calories, because we have trouble maintaining, because we have a history of being heavier now or later, or we're in a fat loss phase, trying to clean up the diet to lose some fat, lose some weight, choose just doesn't have that bang for the buck of how filling it is versus how many calories. What does have the bang for the buck is actual fresh fruit. It's all truffilling. You know, try this yourself. How many peaches can you eat in a sitting? I'm telling you, like, I'm done. Five, six, eight. It's ridiculous. Like, how much sugar enhanced peach juice sounds fucking good. Can you drink in a sitting? I don't know, like a thousand calories worth. This is the being as the part that's the most problem. So fruit is filling. It squashes hunger. It has fiber also. Which is good for you in a bunch of other ways. So fruit juices are like the fun tasting part of fruit, but without most of the benefits, which kind of blows. Now, if you say, look, hey, Dr. Mike, let's shut up for a second. Hear me out. I like how fruit juice tastes because I like sweet tasting things, and I like to drink sweet things with my salty things. Totally cool, but consider diet drinks and diet sodas. Trinks designed with artificial sweeteners can squash that sweet tooth. And then you can take the calories that you didn't eat from the orange juice that you didn't drink. And put those daily calories into something that will actually be filling and tasty. Because I'll tell you this. If you have orange juice or an orange flavored diet soda, both of those get you that orangey taste, and they get you the sweet tooth and they get you the hydration. Except, one of them is like 160 calories less than the other. You have a few of those drinks per day. You're up to 500 calories of like stuff you could just eat in food, which is more filling and honestly more fun. They say, hold on a sec. Or is your just plenty of fun to drink? I love it. Yes, but you've got the free fun from that diet orange soda. You already got the fun super fruity taste with sugar and everything. Sugar, the sweet taste. And now you're just like doubling the fun in other foods that are also more filling. Have a fucking cookie. You could have a free cookie if you just take the orange juice out, replace the shit with that. Real talk. That's the real deal. Now, all that being said fruit juice is totally fine. You can feed it to your kids. You can drink it yourself. But especially if you want to be leaner, have an easier time maintaining or enjoy more whole mouth feel food more, but pay no cost with the calories, consider reducing a replacing or intake of fruit juice and either drinking more other stuff like water or carbonated beverages, or diet sodas and other drinks that just don't have any of the calories, but giving that sweet fruity taste that fruit juice typically does. Give it some thought. Let me know what you think in the comments below. Did I go finally go one step too far in this video about to get canceled? And by the way, we have a member section for more science stuff if you're interested. That's an link below. We have a team full-round forum where I talk like this. And I answer questions directly and I say politically and correct things. You won't go red on me and get me canceled in there somehow. So go join the team for on forum if you're up to that sort of thing. We have tons of other benefits as well. That's the link in the description. Otherwise, like, subscribe, comment, swipe left, swipe right. I don't really care which way you swipe because you don't understand your voice, swim in in that shit. See you next time.