home home home home home home home home home home home home home home easy should I ever had to do my life hey guys it's me Dr. Mike this large man here with the salmon on Jared Feather, ISBV Pro. We have a problem, and you have a similar problem. You want big delts. Desperately more than anything in your life, obviously, and you only have one barbell and a couple of weights laying around, how could you possibly do a holistic, total delt, smash, grab, destroy, pillage, plunder, pause? You know like when the empire comes to new plan, the galactic empire from Starworth. 20 years later, they finished that issue off, and none left. That type of shit to your delts. Is that even possible? What do you think, Jared? You a long time service of the empire. Now without optimal exercises in correct joiningals. Wow. Spoken like someone who wants the galaxy to be crushed with an iron fist. Let's get started. All right, folks. So a super, super common problem in shoulder training is that people like to have the ego's drive, their shoulder training instead of specifically look at what the aesthetics of shoulder training really demand. Almost all of the work you'll ever need for front delts, but a small part can come from pressing for your chest and triceps. So a lot of people will start with dumbbell presses and then go to machine presses and undo some laterals and do the male and rear delts shit afterwards. We're gonna do the opposite because the front delts on people are almost never the lagging problem. Big rear delts? Man, tell me, how was it to be, once? And I had super front rear delts. And as a girl walks by the table, I was there with my wife. And she's like, she looks in my wife, she's like, I don't need to do this, but like, can I please have some kind of physical relations with your husbands? And I was like, oh, oh, and she's like rear delts only the rest of him is disgusting. In any case, I almost got laid, which is sweet, and you could get full on-lade if you have big ass rear delts, huge side delts, and look, you already have pretty big front delts for how big the other delts on your body are in most cases. So because we're gonna do the most cases, Jared's first exercise is going to be a superset of root over, barbell face pulls, really rear delts specific, two uprivers where the rear delts are involved, so it's the rear and side delts hit first. Then we move on to another exercise that might hit a little bit of the side and front delts, and then our last exercise for this workout is gonna be something that ties it all in together in his brutal, and it doesn't mean you go heavy, but goddamn, it's gonna feel terrible for your delts in the best way, let's do it. What the fuck? I like this one. You're a fucking idiot. Did you really fucking count five? No, bro, I know you hate that shit. Eight. Just don't count. Okay, I'm fucking idiot. Good stuff, let's go. There you go. Good stable upper body. Beautiful. Good. Good, two more, you got this. 100% yes, one more, slow and down on the way down. So, yep. Yep. Fuck, yes, slow, good shit. Don't have fucking training of runners like him. I kind of, three. Yeah. That's successfully have a delt pump already. Yeah, it was just starting. I'm very sensitive to the shit. Why? Come off contest, Richard. Yeah, so you're very sensitive to the carbohydrates. Oh, yeah. And you're getting big pumps, which is good, which means you're probably anabolic. Technique stuff for the bent over face pulls. So it's a face pull of the barbell. You're gonna want to bend over, keep a tight core, none of this like rounding back shit, and sharing your hands. You're gonna get to like a 45 degree angle, and really it's kind of dealers choice, how low you go. You're not gonna pull the bar into your neck. You could do that, but it ends up being kind of weird for the shoulders. It seems like a more comfy bar path is usually when people come up and try to almost get past their nose and kind of touch their brow ridges. Now, you might not be able to get that high, but it's kind of this arching motion, and then it's putting a lot of side delts and a shitload of rear belt. And what you're gonna do is stand right back up. Now, he's in a mechanic with more advantageous position, and he's gonna stay a little bit slightly bent road. To again bias that side delts and even a little bit of rear dot more, and then knock out some upright rows. Usually the same weight can get you a decent amount of reps in that first set, and then a super set it can get. She was five to 10 in most cases, sometimes a little more, which makes it an awesome super set. You don't want a weight that you do for 15 times here, and you come up here and do it once, and you're all right, that's it. So as misapplied, Jared will take the rest, three sets, sets a 10 to 20 reps, maybe a little bit higher as a recommendation here. If you go a lot heavier in here, and then's just being kind of weird for the shoulder joints. You go home, you cry, your mom will come up and be like, you listen, it's okay, it's all right. And you be like, mom, you're the best, and she's like, no worries, man. All right, I'm like, shut the fuck. Already shut the fuck up. Mike, you trained the least hard out of all of us. And you're always like, come on now, no rest, three seconds, let's go. We're gonna go tough guys. So I got to talk a big game because I ain't shit. Fuck. When people are family, they fight in a different way. You guys know Jared is my biological son, of course. Last set, equivalent set, that's good. I don't know why the last set has to be the best set, I don't think so. Maybe because they know they're taking the break down, because they're gonna say, the worst set. Oh yeah. Oh my god. Oh god. Three more. Yep. She was a master. You're baked out. Oh. Why is it our so bad? Whenever you feel rested, Jared. I think the bar is plenty. Yeah, I know shit. So just let me know if that's correct. Yeah, let's cover that. So front raises, if you do it with an easy bar, a neutral grip or underhand, and you do them like this, it's almost all front notes. But if you take an overhand grip and you come up and all the way down, it actually tends to be a considerant of front notes, but also a bunch of side notes. So that's what we're gonna do next. Jared's gonna do straight sides. His delts are already pretty cooked. This is the super wrong version of front raises. We go sort of all the way up and all the way down. It's not bad for your shoulders. Unless you have female genitalia for shoulders. Not allowed to say anything more offensive than that. Today's political climate. So, but real talk, if it feels bad for shoulders, don't do it, just stop at a certain point. And you'll notice that Jared's only gonna be doing the bar, which is really all it takes at this point, isn't really tough exercise, because the lever just so, so long. So, probably three straight sets here, and then we'll get into our last exercise after that. Yeah. Yeah. Slow. Yes. Oh, boy. Bad hit the spot. Yeah. Twelve is hard. A little tip here on the front raises. This part's pretty easy. This part's pretty easy. The part you really wanna demonstrate a lot of eccentric control on is the part from here to here. And that's where you're gonna see most people have more bar speed. It's the opposite of what they need to do. Stable bar speed up. Slow. Stable. Up. Slow. Control. Faces. Expressions. Thoughts. Up. Slow. Yes. Slow. Yes. Two more. Control. Warchus. Control. Ah, yeah. Fuck, yeah. One more. Big control. Yes. Oh. They can't find a comfortable position for my fucking lateral delterina. Yeah, but biomechanically. You're thinking about biomechanics? Just think about it. Fuck. Alright, folks. Last exercise coming up. This is going to be upright rows. But different than before, much less low just the bar. My due Jared is like, 230. Yeah. 235, 511. I have to be classic physique pro. Delt's all over the map. He's using 45 pounds. So adjust accordingly. My O-reps here. Each set is going to be just one my O-reps pause. Jared is going to do a bunch of reps of upright rows. Pause for a second. Hold the bar in his hands. Wait about five seconds and then do as many as he can, which might be two or three. Here's the trick though. He is going to be going to just up above his head. Pauzing for a split second and then slowly controlling the descent. Coming up quick, pausing, slowly controlling. This type of upright row is totally fine for most people's shoulders. If it's not good for yours, don't do it. No big deal. Just do the regular ones or anything else you want to do. But it will cook your ass literally. More, more you got this. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Fuck yeah. Blow it. Yes. Yeah, this is the uncomfortable hold you should. Side belts, front belt. Side belt. Side belt. I can't fucking. Oh, you're cramping. Holy shit. Okay. Registration arms up and pretend you have a bar. Go, go, go, go. Pause at the top and back up. And back up. Good. And back up. Go, hold. And one more. And back up. Hold five seconds. One, two, three, four, and five. Oh. Yeah. Ooh, that was cool. Oh, I got a f***. I got a f***. I could only go my index finger. One more set. We had to step in and make sure that my upright part of that worked out. Jera's forearm cramped. Couldn't lift a bar. And I use my quick wits. Anyway, to make sure that somehow we can get that shit going. And I realize he doesn't need his forearm to just lift his arms. And I also know that after a big set like this, just lifting arms is insanely difficult. So with that shit, managing the cadence. And not letting him get to a more mechanically advantageous position down here. Captain up here, shit is brutal. Yes. Borgis. Who's think? Don't wanna surround? Let's bar down. So, can you have dumbbells collateral raise? 45 degrees. Off. Yep. Yes. And slow. And up. Yep. Up. So, as you touch, we go up. Yes. Three more, Jera. Up. One. Up. Two. Last one. Up. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Easy shit, I ever had to do my life. And relax. Ah. Man. Fuck. This may be the biggest your delts have ever been. And maybe. That's ridiculous. Let me sum up this workout. Jera's delts bumped into him at the bar like this. And Jera's like, suck you down. You don't want this. So the delts like, fuck you bro. I stay strapped. And as soon as I went to reach for that. Yeah. Jera did some like John Wich... And everyone in the bar's like, he's already dead. And he's like. Yeah. That's a. Let's close that I unloaded a wall of he's on the ground. Or that last exercise. Because I was already fucking toast. Yeah. You're going to jail for a long time. That's okay. I'll be. I'll be. Yeah. Jail training. Do you guys want to see a jail training video? Awesome. Jail program. Like the Talcia. Marcos has been on us forever to about. That's shit. Yeah. He's like, who would you jail for? Shut up Marcos. The barbell one is nice. This was a good day. All right. If we do a jail workout, nerd alert. It's gonna be star wars universe, alien super jail. We like the droop comes out of the wall. That kind of shit. Let us know if you want that shit. Jared, good job today. Thanks for watching. If I carry it, please. It's failing. Be hurt through your delts. And failure and pain is what this whole industry is about. See you guys next week. Couldn't hear it. No, that's prevent. There are other senses. You should have farted into my mic. I could have been down. Ah, you're right. I would have been awfully close to your face.