Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. And today's video is about how to build your training program for hypertrophy. It is a video number. Oh, let me look number seven. Yeah, we are. Hey Scott, the video guy. I knew his video seven. I was just testing you bro. Don't mess with my audio. I'm out here. I'm a Hollywood baby. In any case, before I was so rudely interrupted, we're going to chat about how to do technique properly. And if something is bothering your joints, how to alter it. It's a big part of programming. Because you're going to guess as an exercise is good for you. And then you realize, wrote it down, programmed it into your hypertrophy app. And it just doesn't do what you want it to do, and it's hurting your joints. You have options. And we're going to talk about all of them, and how the app enables you to exercise those options. So this is all part of the series, by the way, every Tuesday for a while back. A little while into the future. We're going to be doing the How to Build Your Program series. And even though you don't have to use it, we do have a hypertrophy app now. It's out for release. And it's early sweet. I would recommend you use it because of two things. Thing number one is it's probably the best hypertrophy app that's ever been in aid. I've used a bunch of them. They're all pretty cool. But this one's the best because I designed it. And I have the brains, I think. So my mom tells me I'm pretty smart. Number two reason is that it gives me money, which is nice for me. So it's high on highly incentivized to say, please get the app because Lamborghini's are awesome. And they're unfortunately not free. Though I have continued to petition my local high-risk person for Lamborghini subsidy. He's not answering the letters. So it's quite sad. So in any case, pro tip on the purchasing thing. Buy it for a month. It's like 35 bucks a month or something. Yeah, that's like, you know, pretty expensive for an app. But one that you use every single day for your training. It starts to be pretty good deal. But I am going to even mirror deal. If you like it for a month and you're going to keep it and you're going to say, well, like, this is like how I'm going to train for now. That's what I'm doing. Just by the year, because the year is discounted like an insane amount off of the monthly. So over month or a month if you buy the year, you're just going to save noodles and money. In any case, that's my marketing pitch. Let's get into technique for the joints. The right technique has to stimulate the muscle while. But if the right technique, quote unquote, is hurting your joints, making them feel really uncomfortable and creaky and hurting them over time, that's no good. How do you want your joints to feel to make sure that it's correct? First, you want them to feel stable. Weird, wiggly joint feeling, not good, can it cause acute injury, some point, when you mess up and your joint goes this way and the rest of you goes that. Stable. Comfortable. And I don't mean like, oh, this is the greatest things ever happened to my knee. Is I mean not actively painful or actively a feeling of incredible weakness? So you don't want insane joint weak feeling. You don't want incredible pain in your joints. And you don't want instability. As long as you have that, you have almost all of the criteria for a good exercise for your joints except one and that's time. Some exercises can feel totally fine on your joints in one session and maybe even in two, but sessions three, four, five through the weeks that you're training, they can start to really start to hurt. And most good exercises just don't do this or over any time scale that's relevant. And it would take year or two for you to just do this, and exercise over and over, which is kind of stupid anyway for you joints to start hurting and most good exercises properly done technique. But some exercises did just not yelling with you. And then your joints hurt after session two and here's the real kicker. You got to start getting concerned if they're hurt even more at session three. You come in and you start warming up session three like, bro, this is an important way down the bar. My knees hurt. What the hell is going on? That's not a great sign. You have something to do about it. The first thing you have to do about it is to make sure you're doing the technique correctly. And the way we do this in my purge, if you happen to say we have a bar all about row, you got these little icons on the top right here. You got a little icon it looks like YouTube. You click on it and look, it's Jared rather demonstrating a bar all about row. And if you put headphones on, it's going to be me talking in the background going through the technique. Every single exercise that we've indexed has a video to go with it. Over the time that the app is out, we're going to refill and film extra exercises that you guys suggest to us. By the way, there's a really easy way to just if you add your custom exercises, we can see we can tabulate the custom exercises everyone else is adding and it's easy for us to every several months go and film those, get them in, and then they have videos. So there are video instructions for pretty much every single exercise in the app. So if you're like, yeah, that rows are hurting my elbows. How am I doing? You click on there. You see the video? Oh crap, I'm pulling up like this. It's supposed to be down. Got it. You fix it and then it's good to go. So you can always fix your technique. Another point is the way that Jared is demonstrating the technique is one way, which is cool. But there are slight alterations you can make that make you better. So gripping the bar here for close grips can be great for your triceps but hurt your elbows. If you just move your grip out by one finger length, it can completely fix any elbow pain and feel almost as good or as good or even better for your triceps muscle as far stimulus is concerned. So when you see an exercise technique demo, make sure you realize that small alterations of which way you point your feet. How far apart your feet are, which way you point your hands, how far apart your hands are. Where you're moving exactly do you move to the clavicle with a pull down to move to the upper chest. Those are not right or wrong answers. There's a spectrum of totally awesome options. And within that spectrum, you have to find by experimenting which one hurts your joints the least. So if you're running into some joint pain, don't just abandon the exercise and be like, well, like, shit. This isn't working for me. I've done the technique. It doesn't work. It still hurts my joints. Try to play with some grip with foot positions, where are you pulling and pushing the bar to and from. And just one tiny little fix can fix it all. Let me give you an example in the skull crusher. For me, I used to do skull crusher, and then I stopped because it would just nuke my elbows every single time. And that's when I would start the skull crusher. My first movement would be to have my fist go back towards my head back over this way. I was like, skull crusher's just don't work for me. They just fuck my elbows up. I hate them. I wrote a letter to my congressman. The skull crusher is hurting my elbows. Again, no response. Then just on sheer dumb luck, I was playing around. And what I did was I broke it my elbow first towards the hip. So the first movement wasn't me pushing my fist back. It was me pushing my elbow down. Once I got that break, then I would push the fist back. No elbow pain ever again. And I'm skull crushing look because Zillion pounds my triceps that big as they've ever been. Small technique. I know it sounds fucking wacky. I know it sounds like some Joel Seedman bullshit. But one little tiny technique fix can actually make your joints heal amazing versus an almost externally the exact and exercise if you look at somebody else doing. This takes a bit of sort of insight into your into how you feel, but it can help you along. So don't just demand an exercise. Now, the app does all cool all kinds of cool stuff with tracking your stimulus to fatigue ratio and it does this by assessing how your joints feel. So you don't just have to remember this kind of stuff. You can actually note it in the app and it'll ask you questions. For example, on barbell butt roll over here, we did. We're going to do two sets. We checked in the first one already. We checked in the second one. And it asks us pump and workload it all of stuff. We'll get to that in another video at the top. It's going to ask us a question about joint pain. And it asks how did you joints feel during the barbell butt roll? And you can say, oh, no pain. Because a legit like that's what it should be hopefully. You can say low pain like as little something there and nothing. I'm too scared of moderate pain and then a lot of pain. So you can click whichever one of these you want. I say no pain. Don't just push whatever crap here. We'll get that later. And boom, the app remembers your joint pain later. It will start to make exercise recommendations based on how much joint pain and stimulus you get out of an exercise. It will remember all of your entries forever. And so if you think man, should I do barbell butt rolls next month? Or should I do cable rows? I forgot which one works better for me. The app will remember which one works better for you. And if you click the drop now, it'll push up the bent row higher. Let's say the cable row higher, whichever one was better. And the other exercise gets pushed lower. So the best suggestion of what you should do next is something the app is going to keep track. Now, let's say your joint pain is awful. You're like, be this exercise sucks. I hate it. I want to replace it. What do you do? Because you already built your mesocycle. Do I have to go and rebuild a new meso? Nope. The answer is no. You go up here and you just go to replace exercise. And it says sets have already been performed. So you sure you want to replace it because it'll delete all that data. By the way, you can replace any other exercise that you haven't done yet. Let's see you're just warming up for it. You're replacing it. So you can do this anytime you want to ignore. And then it goes, okay, it's assuming it's back. So it's going to keep that for you. You could just make a new exercise in the top menu here if you wanted. But you're like, we're a barbell roast sucked. And I'm going to go to cable flexion row. And I'm going to repeat until the end of the mezzo because I'm done with barbell rows. They're toasting my elbows replace and voila, it's got cable flexion row right here replaced. And by the way, because this was a duplicate exercise from our last times discussion, barbell that roast stays here. And you can always change that if you want. So now we have a new exercise. Hey, this is good stuff. It works. Folks, that's it. Just make sure to remember this. Hi, purtrophy training is not a situation in which you want to continue a chronic escalating joint pain. I've seen this done at a bunch of gyms all the time. And it's terrible. Some old guys like it. And like Breast starts rapping as an easer. What you doing with the knee wrap there, buddy, you're going to knees you're going to hurt. I got to get through it. Like the, it shouldn't be hurting if your technique is right. If your loading is correct, if your minor technique adjustments are good, you're paying attention. And honestly, bro, if that doesn't fix it, stuff like you like pressing. There's a trillion other quad exercises you could be doing that shouldn't hurt your knee unless you're really old and really beat up like me and everything hurts. I'm kidding, it doesn't do not settle for joint pain. Don't let anyone tell you like, oh yeah, Scott Crusher's was fuck up your elbows, but you want big try subsets, what it takes. That's a whole bunch of bullshit. In any case, link in the description, give the app a download, pay any money, I need a Lamborghini. Next week, we are going to talk about how to interpret and rate and manage your pumps and your soreness with they tell you about growth response and how they app handles them as well. And it's the only app that does this as far as I know. See you guys next time.