So the big thing is here, ease into the doses and don't dose higher than you need. And if you're like at 1mg and you're just coasting, you know, and all I got, I don't feel hungry, I'm rocking my diet and losing 2 pounds a week. And anyone, and I'm gonna say something controversial here, including your doctor, says you need to go up to 1.5, don't. Hey folks, doctor Mike here for RP Strength. Today we are gonna talk about the best supplements and drugs, what? To get you shredded. Otherwise known as shreddy Kruger or shredder, the gentleman that taught the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, had a fight crime and he was a rat, an anthropomorphic gigantic rat. From Japan, folks keep up six supplements, plus drugs, total, made the list today, for things you should consider in your fat burning stack. And I said that wrong, you could mix and match these. Some of them you don't take together. I'll get into that a little bit. But one of them is a substance that people take a lot often. So I felt like I should include it, but I'll have some caveats about it, because they don't super recommend it. And some substances are missing because they're like a little bit too hardcore, or they do some stuff that is so much more than fat burning. So for example, growth hormones, not on this list, even though it's a potent fat burn, it does a little bit of other stuff for cost of cause of lean dollars. It's not very easy to get. It's often not legal to acquire. So it did make the list. The other one is DNP. It is a technically sort of an explosive, but what it does is it gets into your mitochondria. And there's a process by which when you burn food for energy, you get ATP out of it, which is the usable storage form of energy in the body, and you get some body heat. What DNP does is it makes you create less ATP for every amount of energy that you burn, and more of it a site from the office heat, which means you burn a crap load of calories doing nothing at all, but you're very hot. DNP is if you use it wrong, very risky. People have died from DNP. They've died from almost nothing else on this list. And so DNP is not something I would recommend to almost anyone. Also it makes you insanely tired, and it really screws up your training and everything like that. I have taken it before. It was kind of like, I don't know why I'm taking this. I get far better results without it. So that's going to be missing. But we do have, I think, three supplements. And yes, three supplements and then three drugs. Let's get to it. So supplement number one is Burberry. Burberrying basically does some MPK activation for you. And it also alters glucose levels to some extent, making your body rely a little bit more on stored fat for fuel. And I do mean a little bit more. We'll get to that in a second. Burberrying is administered orally. Scott, you like that? It administered orally volume five. Amazing, amazing video. And in a great series, I might have 500 milligrams of Burberrying should be eaten for a very robust effect with every main meal. So you're getting up to about three total doses per day. Four about 12 weeks even longer to see a notable effect. If I have to take a supplement with every meal, it had better work real God damn well because that is slightly inconvenient if I may say so myself. Now, what I did with all of these fat loss supplements, all of these shredding compounds, is I put them up on a rank of how effective they are compared to the gold standard and the gold standard, which we will talk about later. As our final and most impressive substance that we can take for fat loss is called trisapotite. It is a pharmaceutical drug. It is quite new. And it is so effective that it ranks at a hundred percent of effect for us. Burberrying will get you roughly the fat loss of 13 percent of the effect of five milligrams of trisapotite taken for 12 weeks, same 12 weeks. So if you take Burberrying at about a gram and a half per day spread over three doses for 12 weeks, if you take trisapotite at five milligrams per week, notice the per week part. And you take that for 12 weeks, the Burberrying is going to get you 13 percent of the fat loss on average as an expected value, which is like she was, okay, so trisapotite. I got a minister through subcutaneous injection. We'll get to that later once a week, pretty easy. And then it works super well. And then Burberrying at you is three times a day. I got to eat the stuff. And it really only gets me 13 percent. This is one of the reason why fat burning supplements have never amounted to much. It is effective. But the effect is so, so tiny. And by the way, trisapotite at five milligrams isn't even a high dose. That's considered lower dose. They have studies where they administer five milligrams of trisapotite, 10 milligrams of trisapotite, and even 15 milligrams of trisapotite, very safely for most people. So five would consider a low to moderate dose. And even there, there's just no comparison. So there are some practical caveats to Burberrying. You can get a little bit of GI disturbance when you first start it. Usually people get used to it. And if you take medications that are classified as CYP384, and these are generally what's that called, psychogenic medications, they're for a variety of good God. I've got to be at it that out. I was going to be in a tangent to nowhere. If you were on one of these medications, then don't just take Burberrying, make sure to ask CYP384 about whether or not that's a good idea. And then if it that sure, then go talk to your doctor. Really, really big deal. If you have an inkling to take these, the Burberrying for a long time, especially at high doses, you could run into lower vitamin B status potentially as a side effect that's very unlikely, but possible. And also there's a warning to avoid doing this supplement and taking pregnancy. I'm not entirely sure why you try to burn fat during pregnancy. It's probably not a good idea. So Burberrying as far as my own personal vibe, situation is like, given it a tactnically works, it doesn't work very well. And it's a little bit inconvenient to take, so that is what that is. Number two, is actually a mini stack of two supplements, green tea extract and caffeine. And they work synergistically because caffeine is a catacolymine, it basically stimulates a little bit low, low-key, fighter flight response, increases your sympathetic nervous system tone, which is the fighter flight nervous system, gets you burning a bit more calories, burning a bit more fat, which is great. And then the primary way that green tea catacons help out in this situation is that they slow the breakdown of caffeine and its byproducts, which means that you get more out of caffeine and a little bit something out of the green tea extract itself. So very, very interesting situation, it does blunt appetite a little bit, nothing like it does appetite, but it does work. And typically what you would do is take it fasted in the morning, you would administer something like 300 milligrams of green tea extract and 200 milligrams of caffeine. You can take that pre-workout, but then it's probably a good idea to work out earlier in the day so that you don't interfere with your sleep, taking this and roughly eight to 12 week blocks is a very good idea. You do it after a while. And you probably aren't dieting super hard for longer than eight to 12 weeks, in most cases, anyway. If you are, save the green tea plus caffeine for later in that situation. Now, the effect size here, the amount of shredding you're gonna be able to do the amount of fat while you can do compared to trisapatide for a similar duration, trisapatide 5 milligrams and 500 milligrams total of this combined caffeine and green tea extract supplement is going to be 9% 9%. There have been more than a few evidence-based researchers who have looked at the supplement space and have emphatically concluded that it is unfair to label caffeine as a fat burner. Probably because of this kind of effect size. I mean, you guys, like 9% of the most effective drug is curious, very much in the range of you may never see these results on your body. It does work theoretically and people have had success with it. I just want you guys to understand what it is you're signing up for. Here's what I mean. If you actually get prescribed trisapatide and you take it and you follow a good diet, you're gonna see results big time. If you get prescribed or pre-op prescribed, if you get green tea cascins and caffeine combo and you're like, do it on, take this, it's gonna be shred city. Just understand, you may never notice anything. Though under the hood it is working. It is by no means clear if it's something that you're gonna be seeing. Now, this blend does improve workout energy. So if you take it before workout, that can help on that regard, sparing a bit of muscle tissue. So that's a good thing. But as far as raw potential to drive fat burning is just not a thing that is super, super powerful. If you go over 700 milligrams of the combined supplement per day for extended periods, you can't experience some liver stress. So be careful. Definitely don't take it later on the day. Anything after 2pm for sure is a bad idea because your ability to fall asleep is gonna restrict to hell. These are substances that actively keep you awake. And if you're doing other supplements that are not so great for your liver, then doing a lot of this, even moderate doses could be an interesting trade off. So make sure you're blood worked on. If you're into that sort of thing. All right, supplement number three are last supplement until we get to the drugs. And you'll see the effect sizes are a little bit different for the drugs. So supplement number three is capsaicin. I think that's how you see it. It is the thing that exists in spicy foods and makes you all hot and bothered. And it activates if the TRPV1 receptor and what that does is it cranks up your sympathetic tone. It puts you into a little bit more fighter flight. It increases the thermic effect of food, which means the food is actually now taking more calories for you to digest. And it does suppress your appetite slightly. All of those things lead to a predictable, the erratic old amount of fat loss, which is cool. Now, the unfortunate part is similar to burbreen, you're supposed to take about two milligrams of active capsaicin oids. So basically the supplement itself, per meal. Just before each main meal, you gotta take it. For four to 12 weeks, however long you wanna take it for. Again, this is a downside. This is a known downside. If you are new to the fitness game, a huge unlock is anything that can make you more efficient and fluid with your daily tasks. You can get them done, get your training done, get your supplements done, get all that situated. And that is gonna empower you like crazy to be good at the rest of your life and get awesome results. If what you have to do during a fat loss phase, which is hard already because you're eating less and so on and so forth, if what you have to do is like take 50 of these things before a meal and another dozen of these things before a meal, then after a meal, you have to take another supplement. Eating and evening supplement blah, blah. It's gonna get complicated and your probability of success is either gonna fall or the difficulty of the task is gonna rise even if you succeed. All stressors are not good stressors when they're extra on top of that loss diet. Just whole idea of taking stuff with every meal, man, that's really enough. Scott, what do you think about that? If I told you hey, I got supplement, you gotta take it with every meal. That's a lot. It's a lot. It's a lot. I would say if you are using supplements ideally using them, am and PM is pretty good. So you can have some supplements you take in the am, maybe you take some twice a day, some in the PM. So basically when you wake up in the morning, before you go to bed, that is realistic for many humans because both waking up and going to bed are ritualized times all your all. You're always gonna be close to your bed when you're going to bed. You're always gonna be right out of bed at the same time of the day. Meals and stuff that gets little lackey. If you're trying to become a pro bodybuilder, maybe it's good to time stuff with your meals. Otherwise, maybe not worth it. Now here's the real kicker. I'll say this in reverse order. The caveats and practices to avoid with capsicine is that if you aren't used to spicy foods, you get that initial lava gut feeling of heartburn and all that stuff, I personally would never take it because I'm a whos. If you are used to eating spicy things, then no big deal you won't feel anything. However, here's the kicker. Or unless it's kind of before we get to really, really good news, here's the not so great news. Compared to the Tursapatide standard, supplementing with capsicine, you can expect roughly three percent of the fat loss that you would with Tursapatide at a low dose. Three percent you guys is barely detectable in the scientific literature. What we know about capsicine is that yes, from the studies, it technically helps with fat loss. But it is an unbelievably tiny amount. It's like if someone gave you a new steroid and they're like, it's gonna get you stronger. And you're like, yeah, okay, so I currently squat 500. After a year of taking this steroid and squatting properly and training properly and eating, well, what can I expect to squat? And they're like, well, we have a few research studies and it's really gonna be about 505 pounds. And you're like, wait, extra? You mean, I squat a thousand five now? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, 505 totally get five extra in a year, five pounds. And you're like, are you sure you did the study right there? I guess, actually these multiple studies and they all show that you do actually get a reliable five pounds of squat strength. More than you would have otherwise gotten if you trained a year with this magic new crazy steroid and you're like, okay, can you guys remove the magic and crazy part and even the steroid part, please? Is it even technically a steroid? Now, not really. Yeah, things can be effective, but remember for every single supplement for every single training modality, for almost every single thing in life, there are two questions to ask about a thing that you wanna use for yourself. One is, is it effective at all? Like, does it do anything? But two is, does how much of it does it do? How much is the effect? Because the effect is teeny teeny teeny tiny and the supplement costs money, you have to eat it before every meal, a community man, really? Maybe, the answer is maybe, which is why the supplements on the list. I would say for me personally, no, if you think it's worth it awesome, just remember, do not get you some capsaicin beads and bead lifts it right over their called, eat them shit and be like dude, shred city. You're not going to shred city, you're going to mild teeny tiny enhancement, otherwise over your results, if anywhere. Sorry, that's the deal of supplements now. When you're taking supplements and you expect these radical gains to occur, you're gonna be disappointed every time, but you can get good gains with supplements, especially if you use multiple supplements and kind of stack the benefits to some extra. These benefits will come mostly from your diet and your training. One of the biggest myths, recurrent myths in the supplement space, is that if you diet and train kind of like whatever, kind of like normal and you haven't been getting lean, you're just kind of maintaining. If you add in supplements that help you lose fat, all of a sudden, you're gonna start to see results and that's just how it works. In order to see your best results, you have to have most of the work come for modifying the diet and the training, and the physical activity, and then the supplements are just enhancing that process. That's it. So really quick, before we get to the hardcore and utterly drugs that have real big effects and sometimes big downsides, let's take a look at what you must be doing for your best results if you're gonna take any of these things. And even if you're now, number one, you want a high protein diet when you're losing fat, keeps muscle on your body, it's a really big deal. Grand propound or so is a real good place to start. You want to consume four to six meals per day, each one with an even roughly even amount of protein. So for example, if you eat 200 grams of protein per day, and you have four meals per day, each meal should have a roughly 50 grams of protein in it, and spread roughly evenly apart through the day. Wake up, eat a little bit after waking, eat a few hours later, eat a few hours later, eat a little bit before bedtime, go to sleep, recycle, that's how you feed your body, a continuous amount of protein, so that it continuously doesn't lose muscle when there's not a lot of energy around your body's like, hey, who wants to give me energy, you must have like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, and then it gets taken away from its family. No, mommy, the mommy muscles like that, oh my god, the dad's holding my back cause the, the body's guards will shoot the muscle, mommy, if the, but I said muscle, mommy's got, then my muscle, mommy, oh, mostly healthy foods. For two reasons, one, they tend to be very filling and help control your hunger, and two, they tend to be very nutritious, and when you're at a lower calorie intake, you have to make sure that the quality of your nutrition for the remaining calories is very high, you're getting lots of micronutrients, like vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals fiber, water, so that you can fuel your body adequately for all of its needed processes, even though the amount of calories you're putting in is not lower, because if you eat mostly junk food and you have to start having less junk food, you can actually get in a vitamin, mineral deficiencies, short term ones, that are like annoying, and remember, you're an athlete, you want your body to function as well as possible, you have to feed it mostly healthy stuff. You want to generate a caloric deficit. If you're trying to lose fat, and you're like how much burbreen do I have to take, take not lower my calories, but still lose a bunch of fat, the answer is unsafe amount. There's no way to get there with burbreen, so what you have to do is take your normal baseline intake, your maintenance diet, and cut anywhere between 400 and 800 calories out of it. If you're a large king, if you're weighing over 250 pounds, 800 calories cut is really good. If you're a smaller king, you're weighing around 150, 400 calories is good, and everything in between is totally fine. Your average day should be four to 800 calories, fewer input calories, if your food calories, then you expend, and then that is gonna really power me, that does most of the powering of fat loss. It's the fact that your body isn't getting fed from the outside that makes your body go, hey, what the hell I got going on? Well, it's plenty of protein, and then the muscle's good. Let me get some fat, and then it's tough. Eating your body fat, and that's exactly how you get me. Daily steps are a big deal. When you start dieting for fat loss, especially after a few weeks, your body goes, hey man, I don't wanna lose all this weight. I'm kinda getting freaked out as a starvation. I was designed by evolution to like prevent this, so it takes your daily energy, expend your endurance, so it's lowering, and it makes you a little lazier, a little slower. And if you're not tracking your steps, you could be starting at 10,000 steps today, which is very healthy and provides a robust amount of calorie burning for fat loss, and it's just to go to 8,000, 6,000, 4,000 by the end of the diet, you're sitting on the couch mostly, and you're like, I wonder why I'm not losing a lot of weight anymore, a lot of fat, and it's because your body is tailor-made to make you stop doing that, because it's freaked out and thinks you're dying of starvation. So having a step tracker, like I do now, is a really good idea, peg your steps, somewhere between 10 and 12,000 per day and average most people, for that 8 to 12 week fat loss or duration, and then you're good to go, you're making sure your expenditure is really good, you're training really hard, you're diet, you know what you're taking in, you're getting that deficit, and then it's not a guessing game anymore, you're almost certainly gonna lose all the weight that you want. On that note of muscle sparing and muscle growth, you must continue to train hard with weights. When you are training hard with weights and a surplus, when you're eating enough food to grow, the weights are making your muscles grow and you're adding muscle. When you're training weights and a deficit, you are not growing much muscle, but you're fighting muscle loss. So what happens is, if you grow muscle, that's good, you can add muscle. But if you are in a fat loss phase, the amount of catabolic or muscle loss stimulus coming in, localaries, low energy, low carbohydrate rates, all that stuff, the hormonal profile changes, your testosterone levels fall, all of a sudden you're not growing any muscle, probably, but you're losing muscle. There's a muscle loss thing. So if you didn't train with weights, you would actually lose lots of muscle on dieting. How do we know that? Well, folks that finally cut their calories of tongue through drugs like some agulotide, which will cover in a little bit, when they don't resist in strain, they lose tons of muscle, like a third of their weight loss is muscle. And why wouldn't it be? If your diet isn't care about if muscle anymore, and it cares about any other organ, so it's like, yeah, I'm starving, we're gonna take muscle, we're gonna take fat, no big deal. If you weight train consistently, two to six times per week, depending on your circumstance, you can do that. Then usually, you can pretty much cancel out every single bit of muscle loss. You're not gaining on net, but you're neutral on net. And if you have all of your muscle on your body at the end of a fat loss diet that you did at the beginning, and you have 10 pounds or 15 pounds of fat off of your body, that is a next level look. That's the look you're looking for, and here's the best part. When you start gaining weight again after that, you're almost fully eating lots of good food, lots of protein training really hard. You just gain muscle after that. And a lot of these phases stack together, eat to 12 week deficit duration, then eat to 12 weeks of maintenance. Or muscle gain, then more deficit, then maintenance or muscle gain, you do these waves. On the down waves, you don't lose muscle but you lose fat. On the up waves, you gain some muscle and you gain some fat. If you can iterate that on your head for a second, you realize that, okay, so actually the long-term result is I keep my muscle mass stable and or increasing slowly in my fat mass, over multiple diets drops down and down and down and down. That cyclic approach is what can allow you to lose unbelievable amounts of weight over the long-term, and that's really the way to do it. This recommendation that I just gave you, this list of recommendations, is the workhorse of your fat loss diet. If you do these things and take no supplements, you're gonna be very successful. If you do these things and take supplements, you're gonna be even a little bit more successful. If you don't do these things, you can take all the supplements you want, your success is absolutely not guaranteed, and probably just won't happen at all. All right, onto the drugs. Clean butarol, have to include because lots of people use it. It is a beta-2 adrogenergic agonist, which means it kind of ramps you up. It raises how much, how many calories your cells, pretty most of your cells burn, it cranks sympathetic tone, which means it makes you really fight a flight. It's kind of like super caffeine in the certain sense. And it's significantly bumps your resting metabolic rate, up to 20% in some cases, which is a big deal. And what it does is, typically you burn some combination of proteins, carbs and fats for your any time calorie needs, it shifts this a large degree, up to 40% towards fat oxidation. That's really cool. It's a very effective. There is a lot of controversy about how to take clumb uter all some people say you need to take two weeks on two weeks off because the receptors get really used to it. Some people say you can take it up to eight weeks at a time and the receptors don't on regulate. I'm not sure about this. This is more of a field question. And I've never taken clumb uter all because I don't do well with stimulants. But I've seen people take it plenty. Most people have totally fine results with it if they can handle the super caffeine feeling. It also makes your hands jittery and all that other crazy shit. But typically you would start at something like 40 micrograms per day in the morning so that you can sleep somewhere at night. It does scrub your sleep no matter when you take it. It's got a long half life. And you can titrate slowly. If needed up to 100 micrograms per day are 120 even. And those are the typical recommendations. What I would say is clumb uterolls a very powerful drug. Only take it as per the recommendations of your bodybuilding coach and probably under no other circumstances. Now, effect size here is impressive. Compared to five milligrams of trisapotide for an equal duration, a robust dose of clumb uteroll can lead to something like 40% of the weight loss that trisapotide can and of the fat loss. Boyo boy does that beat 13, 9 and 3% from earlier. And guys, this right here, this is why people take drugs in the fitness world. So you know why do people take clumb uteroll? Cause it works man. And it asked like, why do bodybuilders rotate supplement companies all the time as sponsors and they're taking capsace in one week and the next week they have a new sponsor and they're yelling about burbery and that's how it made them jack. But it seems to be like the switch in all the time. Casca's sub-cussopolis don't do all that much man. Not for fat loss they don't. But clen works every time that you can handle a side effects. And on that note, let's talk about the caveats and the kind of provisos here. So clumb uteroll's not FDA approved for humans. So you're gonna be getting it illegally. You're gonna know that sort of thing, God bless you. I think it's probably a bad idea. So give that some thought. It is not a world anti-doping agency approved substance. So you will 100% get popped for it. It is cheating in sport. If you're sport federation bands it, don't do it. It 100% puts your cardiovascular system. You're heart specifically into overdrive. Cowsing what's called tacacardia, which is a rapid heartbeat. If you're ever on clen, you know, exactly what I'm talking about. For some people this can lead to temporary a rhythmy as where your heart gets off beat and gets all wacky and you're like, because this is it. Am I gonna die? Maybe, probably not, but maybe. It can cause hand tremors like I mentioned before. And if you use it for extended periods, yeah, you can promote a maladaptive cardiac hypertrophy or heart grows the walls thicken and it can pump less blood. And it can promote hypocalemia, which is a two little potassium. And like that's actually kind of dangerous. Probably you won't be super in danger, but it's not super healthy for you straight up. And you have to cycle it all the time at least after about eight weeks. It loses a lot of potency. You've got to stop for a while. I'm not a big deal, because you're gonna be taken it for a long anyway, but just something to note, kind of a downside. And, you know, there's medications like QT interval prolonging medications. If you're taking for various other situations, you have that, that Climbinger all really interferes with, it's one of these drugs. It's not like a modern, it's quite old. It's not a modern fine-tune drug that is very few side effects and a very awesome main effect. It's got a very awesome main effect, but it has side effects up the Wahzu. So my general recommendation for you is like, probably just don't use Climbing. If you've used it before with success with good management, it's totally fine. But if you're like, hey, should I use Climbing? Or all the answers probably not. And the answers probably not, because now we have drugs that are just way better. What are they? Our second to last drug is Samagletide, otherwise known as OZEMPIC as a trade name. It is a GLP1 receptor agonist, which means it clips into the GLP1 receptor and makes it think that it's the real thing. And what it does is it has a bunch of different effects. But the main ones were interesting for fat loss is that it slows gastric ampting, which means you hold food in your stomach for longer, which massively, massively, in combination with other factors, reduces your appetite, a ton. Samagletide also improves your insulin response. It is otherwise incredibly healthy for you. Most of its side effects are really awesome, health boosting and longevity boosting effects. It will crush your appetite like you cannot believe. And here's the best part. You administer it through subcutaneous injection with a teeny tiny needle that you barely feel, insulin needles, the millions of Americans use, once a week. And it gains in potency at the same dose for five weeks. After that, it flatlines. And if that's enough drug for you to manage your hunger to take your deficit, remember the one that we calculated earlier, 400 or 800 somewhere between their calories less than normal. And if at that deficit, you no longer experience radical hunger that throws you off, you are on the right amount of Samagletide. Do not take any more than that because you will experience more side effects for what purpose feel, you've so much hunger that you're inconvenienced about eating, I don't think that's an epbenefit. So what you need here out of Ozenpek, out of Samagletide is to get just enough of a dose that allows you to eat your normal weight loss diet, your fat loss shredding diet, and feel normally hungry like you would during any other time. What a miracle. That's what you can use it for. And that's how it's best use. You can take this drug forever. It's probably a good idea to take it forever because it's so good for your health. The only reason you wouldn't take it forever is if the side effects are really fucked up, which we'll get to in a sec, or if there's a better drug around. And there is, I'll get to that one and just a little bit. The effect size of Samagletide compared to Trasopontide the gold standard is 84% guys, it's two times more effective on the scale than even clung buterol. This is a big deal. This is a real drug. Now, ramp up is when you experience most of the side effects, because oftentimes people start too high in dose and they ramp too fast. A lot of folks in the medical community will prescribe 0.5 milligrams per week. That's too much for most people to start with. I see it's 0.25 milligrams. That's right, quarter of a milligrams. The top dose is about 2.5 milligrams. So we're starting at one tenth of the top dose and our goal is not to go to the top dose. It is only to go to a dose that allows us decent hunger management, good proper hunger management, that leaves us just hungry enough to eat all of our food for the day when we're in a fat loss phase and feel totally normal about it. That's the most you need to take. If you take more than that and if your person attends to have a sense of stomach, you could be looking at some nausea. It's very rare to get pancreatitis or gallstones, but it does happen mostly when people just continue to eat high fat junk food diets and don't eat healthy. And of course, if you stop some aguletide, your weight will creep back up but very slowly. And here's the best part of us, a maguletide. It doesn't lose its effect seemingly ever. You take caffeine every day for a while. You're gonna need a lot more caffeine to do the same thing. You take some aguletide every week and they still haven't found a point at which it stops working or works less well. Like people have been on it for like a decade at this point. And nothing. Now, some maguletide is an incredibly powerful substance. And so I have some tips for you as to how to make sure not to screw yourself over, get the most out of the drug and pay the least. Why is this a big deal? You will go on the internet and you will look up side effects, negatives of some maguletide of a zempick. You will hear fucking horror stories. And there's entire YouTube videos of Cornacode experts talking about how bad these drugs are. I'm gonna tell you something. Real talk from the trenches from the scientific perspective and the personal perspective because I have taken some maguletide, a bunch, it's amazing. Almost every single downside can be managed by not doing dumb shit. Let me tell you how that works. Number one, if you continue to take in high calorie boluses of food, Scott, how many Taco Bell burritos do you think you can eat in one sitting if you have like five minutes? Me personally. Like aliens will fix you afterwards. I can do like one a minute. One a minute. So can a lot of people that are overweight. Scott's not a big guy. So if you go back to Taco Bell and you shred down 2,000 or 3,000 calories of Taco Bell food, which is real all the same food, shaped in different ways, you on ozempick on some maguletide are gonna put something in your gut that takes like 18 hours to get through your gut. And ride around halfway through that, your body makes a calculation that the food in there is rotting. Now it's not moving fast enough through the stomach. So it's gonna go, you know what we're gonna fix this is, infinity, heartburn, vomiting, diarrhea, and after that more vomiting, why not? You're gonna have a bad time. The way some maguletide works the best is if you take every single recommendation I gave earlier about how to structure your diet. Very healthy foods, no crazy late night eating, very normal amounts of calories spread evenly. You're gonna have an amazing time, nine times, 95 times out of 100 with some maguletide. If you eat high calorie foods in huge quantities, you're gonna have a bad time. It's almost a guarantee. And if these are very high fat foods, it's even worse. So you want moderate to low fats, spread in multiple meals through the day, very healthy foods. I said this already, I'm gonna say it again, evening eating on some maguletide can cause heartburn when you're sleeping, which tends to cook up your sleep if I last correctly checked. So evening, you want lighter meals, maybe something like Regiogurt, just a bit of protein, and then you're good to go. Remember, you're not hungry on some maguletides, you don't even have to eat a lot before you go to bed to fall asleep, you're good to go. Another one is ease into the doses, start with 0.25 milligrams. And remember, for five weeks straight, it's just gonna feel more and more strong because it sums up in your blood that entire time because of its super long half-life. Until then, unless after about three weeks, if you feel literally nothing, then you can go to 0.5. But if it three weeks, you're a guy, I'm starting to feel some pretty decent stuff. And my diet's really easy, do not go up to 0.5. One of the number one biggest mistakes that are made in the administration of some maguletide and related compounds by doctors, unfortunately, is they do a pre-determined ramp-up period. So a lot of times, they'll start you at, this is crazy, but really is how it works. They do a month at 0.5, which for maybe 30% of people is already too much, and that's how they have the side effects that were reported on the internet. Scott, this is gonna blow your mind. They do a month at 1 milligram, which for most people is way more than enough. They do a month at 1.5, which is like, oh, you guys, seriously, try to burn people out. And then they do a month at 2, and sometimes, if 2 doesn't cut it, they put you at a 2.4, which is the entire size of the OZEMPIC pen. It's crazy, they just jack you up, regardless. Yeah. So my wife has a history of being overweight, struggled with appetite, like, psychotic appetite. She used to be, she's 4 foot 11, she used to wait 200 pounds. Like, straight up, that's a big old bitch, you feel me? I'm saying, and I didn't know her back then, but she was still gonna back then. Ah, that's my girl. Anyway, she ended up needing 1 milligram per week, a pharmaceutical, a ZEMPIC, pharmaceutical semagleti, the best quality shit, to completely control her body weight all the way down to like 135 pounds. I don't know who 2.4 is 4. Certainly, people have different genetics and sensitivities, but the idea that you would ramp everyone to 2 plus milligrams is fucking insane. Do not do it, do not do it. You're gonna have a bad time, nine times out of 10. 2 milligrams is for people that have ramped very slowly to 1.5 and don't really feel much. That's who 2 mixes for. For everyone else, some are routine 0.25 and 1.25 milligrams. Over very, very many weeks of titrating up, if you feel like you need more, is the situation. Because as you increase the dose, the side effects creep up every single time. So the big thing is here, ease into the doses and don't dose higher than you need. If you're like at 1 milligram and you're just coasting, you're like, oh my God, I don't feel hungry. I'm rocking my diet, I'm losing 2 pounds a week. And anyone, and I'm gonna say something controversial here, including your doctor, says, you need to go up to 1.5, don't. Talk to your doctor like a normal human and ask him, hey, like I heard on the internet, it's one other fake doctor guy, Dr. Mike. He said that maybe if I'm feeling really good at 1 milligram that going to 1.5 is pointless and nonsense, they don't say it that way. Talk to Chad GBT, talk to another doctor. Don't just ramp into infinity. That's a really, really bad idea. Now, when you're especially starting in the first few weeks, if you drink a workout shake, like I do, during kit more slowly, if you drink your workout shake at the normal speed, you may find that halfway through your workout, you're like staring over a trash can, you're like, I've never bothered after shoulders before. First time for everything. So really, you're in and whatever meal you eat before your workout, let's say typically eat three hours before your workout and then you go train, try to make that meal fewer calories, like mostly protein, a little bit of carbs, a little bit of fats, or move that meal back a few hours so that you don't have a bad time because if you're training on a full stomach with some agulotide, probability of vomiting escalates. That's those empec, that's some agulotide. Our final drug number three is our gold standard. It is trisepatide. It is the semagulotide drug, the GLP1 agonist, plus a GIP agonist. Now, they used to think that GIP caused obesity, but it turns out it was backwards. We all get our guesses wrong every now and again. Trisepatide is a dual agonist, which means it hits two pathways. And that means it's able to do everything semagulotide is able to do, but with two differences. One, it works even better to suppress your appetite with fewer side effects, which is like really tripped out. So, trisepatide, at any given dose that it causes a certain amount of weight loss, we'll see fewer side effects, fewer heart-murn incidences, less nausea, all that stuff, compared to semagulotide. And I've taken both, and I'm currently on trisepatide, it is a big difference, very big difference. Some people start trisepatide, then I don't think it's working. Like, are you hungry? Like, no? Oh, how do you think it's at working? I don't have heartburn after every meal. Like, I used to do with those epic. Like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. So, trisepatide has that big power, but I'll tell you guys this, when you're on semagulotide, and you're at the end of a real gnarly fat loss phase, your hunger is pretty much gone. Just you just turned out more medicine, less hunger. But you're cravings that kind of Scott, you know, you know, the trisepatide hunger and cravings, you know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Like, you're not hungry, but that corn dog just looks like you're fucking need a corn dog. And someone's like, oh, you do you want chicken breast? You're like, no. Because by the way, guys, there's a really easy test to see if you're hungry, or if you're craving. Oh, it's a big one. Yes, it is. The true test. Jared Feather, I have me, I have me pro, was coaching Breonna Terry, also I have you pro, and one of the strongest women in history to in through one of her diets. And she was like, I'm hungry. And he goes, cool, you can have all of the casey in putting you want. And I believe her text response was, give you. But what Bree really meant to say was, I just want cheeseburgers and stuff. I'm not actually hungry. Remember, if you go to Africa where they're starving children, you give them a tub of casey in putting, they're gonna go through the tub, really goddamn quick, probably have a lot of diarrhea. But food is food, at high quality protein. And if you're actually hungry, you need physical nutrients in your body, chicken breast works, broccoli works, casey in putting works. And OZEMPIC is gonna take that shit and almost eliminate it. Samagalty'd pretty much eliminate it. But you still feel like a little pizza pizza, a little cheeseburger, and that feeling can get real intense towards the end of a diet. And then you succumb to that feeling, and Samagalty'd say, hey man, I couldn't help with that, but now you're gonna have diarrhea. Bad news. Trezzepatide through that GIP receptor seems to hit also the cravings in a very different way. When you're on Trezzepatide, you're not even really interested in food as anything other than like, oh yeah, like, I need to eat food and it's still tasty. But that drive that desire to be a little more, I need Cheetos, it's pretty much gone. And so Trezzepatide is humongously effective. And its side effects are massive health upsides. It is better for your heart tissue. It brings your cholesterol down. It brings your blood pressure down. It reduces total body inflammation and the pace of aging. It reduces brain inflammation and pushes back the onset of all sorts of degenerative disease in the brain, like Alzheimer's and dementia, no joke. And by the way, this has nothing to do with its weight loss benefits. Those add to all of those things. These are weight neutral benefits. Trezzepatide is nothing short of a flicking miracle drug. It is an elixir of health. And if you can tolerate the GI effects and you can keep your body weight up and train with weights that eat enough protein, maybe everyone can kind of be on low to moderate dose trisepatide, kind of all the time. And the effects here are staggering. After a year and a half of using trisepatide and basically doing nothing else, the average person who weighed about 200-220 pounds when they started lost about 35 pounds of body weight. These we have no comparator for this. Diet and exercise. People just don't do long enough to see benefits like that. But here's the real unlock. All of the same precautions you take with trisepatide. Don't eat late at night, make your food nice and healthy. Control your calories, get plenty of activity, resistance, train, consistently. So you combine all these amazing fitness industry habits we've all been yapping about for generations to your face. Eat well, sleep well, train hard, be consistent. Get steps plus trisepatide. And again, starting at trisepatide is dose differently. She's got a 2.5 milligrams and then maybe you go up to five and maybe you just stop there. It doses up to 15 milligrams, do not take 15 milligrams of trisepatide under first time. You're going to have a really bad time. If you combine all these healthy habits and trisepatide and shameless plug controlling all of that with the RP Diet Coach App link in description, then what you can do is not have just the drug effects or just the diet enhancing and activity enhancing effects. You can have a synergy. You can have both. And then at the end of a year and a half or two years of taking trisepatide and controlling your diet, maybe with the RP Diet Coach App and resistance training to to six times per week and getting 10,000 or so steps a day, you can lose 20, 30, 40 pounds of fat. And zero muscle. That will transform how you look. It'll transform your health. It'll transform how you feel and you might even have the confidence to ask Stacy out. Scott, will you be Stacy for a second as we close out this video? Yes. Hey, Stacy, you noticed my new shreds? Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You've been like that. I just want to like do you. Oh my. Oh, yeah. But like, I got it where I got to work out. Oh, no. I checked out you guys. Stacy said yes, but I couldn't go through with it. When your Stacy says yes, go through with it. And wear a condom. See you guys next time. Condoms are for losers, folks. Remember that.