Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for our sounds peridization. And today's BS video edition is the claim that Big Pharma is evil. Woo! What is it up to now? Taking over the world, I imagine. Wait a minute, am I saying that Big Pharma isn't evil? Yes, yes, I am. So, I better have some good reasoning. Here we go. First, any time, lots of corporations do business all over the world. For decades, you'll have many individual instances of corporate mouthpieces. Companies do in bad stuff. And there is no large industry, I'm aware of, that has any exception. If 100 large companies is the sample size, and only one out of 100 does bad stuff, how many big corporations are there in the world? Oh, way more than 100. So, you're just going to see a lot of corporate actors, even though the vast majority are very good actors. So, yes, big Pharma companies have done some fucked up shit before. Or sure, that doesn't paint the entire industry as bad. Right? Certainly, you would not say because some people commit crimes and go to jail that all humans are fucked up, criminal pieces of shit. That's not what sense most people are right. Some are fucked up, criminal pieces of shit. It does not paint all humans. Number two. Any time, large corporations with lots of money, and interest-to-making more money are very heavily regulated, especially unintelligently by governments, they will take a very keen interest in the regulation, which means that some of those companies will be able to start doing things like keeping out competitors, getting really cozy with various government politicians to carry favor, sweet talk to the regulators, a point their own pharmacy host, regulatory bodies, not unique to Pharma at all. Okay, if you have a bi-american sticker on your car, and you drive forward or GM or whatever the fuck, and you're same-man, big Pharma's evil mother fuck, and you know kind of backroom deals, the big three-fuck car companies are doing. Same-same is just big companies do that shit sometimes, they do it much more often with unintelligent regulation, a point I will come back to you in a bit. Number three, to flip the script. So, so far, we're just saying, look, big Pharma's not unique in being bad. Sometimes it does bad shit, but does it ever do good shit? Have a fun experiment. Go out into the street, don't actually do this. Take a, one of those chainsaws that cuts off the branches of the garden, bushes that you don't like. Scott, a video guy's here named for that thing. Head's trimmer, and just push that motherfucker right into your leg. All of a sudden, big Pharma is the only fucking thing that can save you. Big Pharma saves your life, and it probably actually has saved your life before. If you ever need to take anti-biotics, who the fuck you think made that shit? Gramm had even cooked that shit up in her bathtub, that you're busy making meth, I'm sure. You know what's up, Gramm? You shit is good, by the way. See you in an hour. Big Pharma makes life saving medicines, including simple shit like Adville, you ever had a headache? You would just still have a headache, if not for a getting. If not for a big Pharma, they make all the shit that literally saves lives. So at least they're doing an unbelievable amount of good. And people will say, well yeah, that's if you're sick, but what if I'd have if you're healthy, they try to push drugs on you. First of all, I've never had a drug push on me by big Pharma in my life. I sure shit, fucking hope they would, motherfucker. I don't have damn pen cushion for the shit, and they never get calls from drum companies and they say, you want to try and delay just anti-biotic agent, something like the phone is silent a shit. But to that point, they're working on health stuff. Samagletide and other related GLP1 agonists are the best obesity fighting drugs ever. They're a new generation. They're gonna change the world. Thank you, Big Pharma, genomic diabetes cures. A year ago, they did an experiment where they had a viral vector that changed a few genes. I mean, you can just one in a group of, I think like five to 10 people with type one diabetes, in more diabetes, they just didn't have diabetes anymore. And they don't, they never will. And that kind of shit is funded exclusively by Big Pharma and made by Big Pharma innovative, invented, produced, manufactured, sold. And through the competition of Big Pharma, existence is one entity. There's like what the fuck is Big Fitness that's a ton of competitors. The major pharmaceutical companies ruthlessly competing against each other, bringing the prices of all those insane drugs, down all the time and in the future, you'll be able to have drugs that care entire swaths of disease. And it's coming because we already have drugs that care and tire swaths of disease. For example, high blood pressure. You just don't need to have it anymore because Big Pharma crushed that shit. It just ended the problem. You take an appropriate amount of high blood pressure men, or blood pressure men's, they have basically no side effects anymore. And you just won't have high blood pressure men's. The shit kills millions of people. Not anymore, it doesn't have to. Could you just go buy the pills? And if she, as fuck, I don't even know how they make money on it. They cost me the $8 a month to get blood pressure pills. How does it work? Then the container costs $8 a fuck would I know? Unbelievable stuff. They're now using immune system-based cancer curses to zap entire cancers out of existence. And more is coming. The 2030s are going to be unbelievable. And guess who the fuck is the tip of the spear for that shit? Big Pharma. Lil Pharma's not up to the task. Gramma, math, top math is not going to fucking cure every disease. Big Pharma almost certainly will eventually. Here's the last deal on this. Big Pharma is like most other large industries. It's generally fucking great. I talked shit on the big three earlier. I love fucking cars. The Chrysler 300, that's my shit. Scott, did you guys wanna kind of car your drives back home? Dodge Challenger, you can give me a more male American car than that. I challenge you. Challenge? Corporations are fucking sweet. They mostly do amazing shit. But they do some fucked up shit on occasion. What are we supposed to do about that hate them and write them off, fuck big Pharma? They're greedy evil people. No. We have some choices. We need to make sure we're applying intelligent regulation, which is a whole other video I'll do on some other channel. We need to make sure they're staying innovative, which means mostly getting the fuck out of their way, but also means we can't have the wrong kind of regulation. Let's go after lies and fraud and theft. And when they hurt people with drugs that they knew we're gonna hurt them 100%. Let's fucking go after them hard to make sure that doesn't happen. But let's not throw the baby away with the bath water. Because for the love of God, you may think big Pharma's evil, but I want antibiotics when I get sick. And when there's a fungus eating my fucking feet, I want an anti-fungal and no one orders to make that shit. So big Pharma all the way. Not perfect for sure. Can we make it better for sure? Do we want to cancel it and say it's evil and bad? Lock that. And if you do, take that head-geater or your fucking leg by the fucker and try to get out of there without lying on big Pharma. Please don't do that. Take care of yourself. See you guys next time.