Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Predensation. And today's topic is about advanced training mistakes, common mistakes, advanced individuals make. Here we're talking about advanced folks. You can divine it in many ways, but a common definition is you've been training for like oh six or seven plus years pretty consistently and you've been somewhat aware of what's going on at the time. You weren't just like, monotonously coached by someone and you're like, no idea what's going on with your body. So if you are advanced, then you should not be making the following mistakes. We could least think of six of them. I'm sure there are more with these are the six that really, really, if you stop making them, you're going to open up little tiny portals of a small amount of additional growth at a very at a negative expense, which is to say a benefit of less joint and connective tissue disruption, less chance of injury. And if you make all these mistakes or many of them, the amount of total growth you can open up is substantial. And I just growth in the next six months, but growth in the next six years, because now your advanced training and that sustainably, small increase in growth will yield big increases over a certain amount of time. So here we go. First, big mistake that a lot of people make when they've been training for more than six or seven years is they know how many sets they used to have to do as an intermediate, let's say 10 sets on average per chest workout for the pecks. And they're trying to match or beat these volumes because at some point they're at about maximum recovery volume and they thought, could volumes of a method of overloading and if I do more and more and more, I'll become more successful. Here's the problem. As you become more advanced, you become stronger, which means that any given set fucks you up more, literally a mechanical basis, than it used to, right? You can do 10 sets of pecks if your bench press is 150 pounds for sets of 10, no problem and probably survive and probably it's great for you. 10 sets of hard chest training when your bench max is 250 is a whole world of difference. And it may only take six or seven sets to do even more damage and even more growth stimulus than what it would take for 10 sets to do back when you were much weaker. So that's a thing. And another thing is, if you have been paying attention and you've been slowly learning your body and slowly altering your technique to be more effective over time, you used to take a 10 sets of chest work to hit the chest properly because in any one time you weren't really connected to the muscle and you didn't know hard to archer attract. And it was like, yeah, you're moving chest stuff around, you're doing a good job, but not a great job. If you're advanced, you probably know how to train your chest so well at this point. But not only are you stronger and every set is more effective because of that, but the way you're doing the technique, the way you're setting up, the way you're pre-stretching the packs and all of those details, mean that each set is doubling more powerful. So you may not need as many sets in this whole idea of like, I used to do 10 sets for chest, bro. It's what I'm doing and you clear signs that you're under-recovering all the time. Eight sets is the most you should be doing. You're like, fuck that man. I'm not doing less, bro. That's stupid. You're not taking a step away from progress by doing eight sets instead of 10. You are taking a step into the direction of progress. Right. Stupid analogy that still works is you take a look at how many F-22s the United States has in production and combat readiness versus how many last generation fighter they had, which is the F-15. Then, the way more and had way more combat ready F-15s than F-22s. And you think fuck, we're backsliding as a military. I'm asking this. Can we think what we're in in a fight? 2022 American military or 1980s American military. What do we mean fucking close? Why? Because of F-22 is so fucking advanced that it can shoot to kill six independently targeted F-15s and never be seen at all and it can just go air over fuel, land for weapons and go back out, just shoot more infinite F-15s out of the sky. So, very few people are like, we should build thousands of F-22s. We don't need thousands. There's this no army to oppose that. It's something to hold fucking world would be able to do. Just the same way when you get really, really good at training after seven years, you may not need as many sets to do the same thing as you used. And that's okay. But if you're just chasing around numbers, you could get yourself into trouble with recovery. Next problem. Not enough of a mind muscle focus. Yes, the research show that a mind muscle connection provides teeny teeny benefits or no benefits at all. And that's true for the beginners and intermediate that compose those studies. And the way some of those studies define mind muscle connection is like appropriateceptive awareness of the fact that your muscle exists in is contracting. The way we define mind muscle connection here is do you feel a shit load of tension in your target muscle when it's heavy, load that's being lifted? And when it's lighter load, closer to failure, do you feel an unbelievably painful metabolite burn in the muscle that you're targeting? If the answer is yes, then that's good. Good mind muscle connection. If the answer is, I don't think I feel it in that muscle or I don't think I feel it at all, there's feels heavy. Then the answer is no, my muscle connection is not ideal. And the thing is, as you become more large and strong and more advanced, your mind muscle connection can really make your stimulus to fatigue ratio that much higher. Because if you do a set of presses, you feel a lot in your front delts, a little bit in your pecks, some in your triceps, really your elbows and shoulders and your hurting, that sucks. You will get growth in your chest, but not much, not as much as you could, you'd have to do other exercises and do all those stupid shit. But if you have a really developed, I'm awesome, mind muscle connection on that same chest press machine, and your technique is subtly different such that you experience a huge amount of tension in your pecks and a huge burn with higher reps, you are going to be doing fewer sets, potentially with even less weight and getting the same or better stimulus and way less fatigue, holy fucking shit. This, mind muscle focus is something that has to be developed by someone who really wants to earn the title of advanced. If you're in a advanced hypertrophy trainee, then if you say to me, hey, my favorite exercise for biceps is the easy curl. I'm going to be like, hey, when you do the easy curl, do you feel a shit load of tension and we're burning your biceps? If you say no, holy fuck, why is that your favorite exercise? That the very least, you could say is my biceps are so terrible, I don't feel the mind muscle connection on any exercise. That that's almost never going to happen. As you're training, your beginner days, you're not worried about mind muscle connection, all you're just worried about really good technique. As you're training as an intermediate, you're not worried about mind muscle connection, you're worried about good technique, of course, but that's already stable and training hard. Every set push close and close to failure. As an advanced lifter, you already know how to train with good technique, generally good technique. You already know how to train hard. Now it's time to position yourself differently and use different exercises, use different cadences in order to take that good technique, hard training, and really feel the tension and the burn where you're supposed to be feeling. And that may require subtle, or even not so subtle adjustments to technique and execution, et cetera. That's the goal of an advanced lifter. If you're not doing that, you're not really doing the advanced thing. Point number three, you do too many non-dominant SFR exercises, which means that by the time that you get to the advanced level, certainly after a few years of being advanced or training more than seven years and being awake that entire time, you need to know pretty damn well what exercises work best for you and what exercises are not bad, right? You should be spending most of your very limited recovery capacity and gym time on the most effective variance and very little of your time if any on the least effective. Yet sometimes you'll see even advanced body builders doing some of their favorite exercises that work well and then doing other exercises that are kind of dumb and shitty. And you ask them, I hate you, you like that, like no, I hate it, but I got to cover all my bases, you know? Like no, that's not true, right? Just flinging ingredients randomly that are sweet and or chocolatey at a cake doesn't make a good cake. A good cake is when you particularly arrange certain very intricately interplayed ingredients that make the ultimate thing taste really good. So you don't want to just be like, oh yeah, let's use X-YZ exercises. You have to have a core group of five to 10. Sometimes even fewer, real go to exercises that are fucking work really well for your body. The highest stimulus in a low level fatigue, tons of tension, tons of burn in the target muscle, whenever you train them and tons of someone has tons of pump, et cetera, and very little joint and connectivity stress. You should know what those exercises are, and you should stick mostly to them. Related, air number four, people who stick to high raw stimulus magnitude exercises, that generate a high level of fatigue because of either habit or pride or some combination of both. A lot of people that are pretty advanced are still doing low bar squats. They're still doing conventional deadlifts. They're still doing overhead barbell presses. It is possible that those exercises are very good stimulus to fatigue ratio for them, but it is not like those exercises tend to work better for beginners. As you get more advanced, your external load consideration needs to fall and ask yourself the question of, how can I do this to my body lifting the smallest external load, not the biggest one? And your technique and everything else is gonna zoom in to making sure the target muscle gets to hit, which often means that you're going away from the super compound ego basics and getting a little bit more towards the body building and asking kind of exercise. I'm gonna bring up a video. This is a criticism, super open-minded criticism. I could absolutely be wrong. This is just an illustration of something that could be up. I've seen a video of Chris Bumstead doing low bar Smith machine squats to a very good depth I might have had with an impressive amount of weight, like six plates for a sense of five to 10. And that's awesome. And there is absolutely chance in which that is just a good variant for him, or he ran out of other variants. Or just the vast variant for him and it just stimulus to feed ratios amazing. Maybe more than likely, however, if he switched to ultra high bar, pushed his feet two or three inches in front and did the super upright, slowly centric Smith machine squat with a pause at the bottom, he'd hammer his quads a little bit more and hammer the rest of his body considerably less. Again, just using that as a, I could absolutely be wrong that it could be a great exercise for him. But if you are in the position of choosing your own exercises in your advanced, and you will man, I'm really fucking strong at low bar squats. I just wanna keep pushing that, but you fucking know in your heart of hearts that your back gets tired, your soul gets tired. You get hurt a little bit more often with low bar squats because you're lifting so much fucking weight. But every time you do high bar squats with a pause, super strict, knees forward. Instead of squatting 500 pounds for reps, you're doing 350 pounds for reps, but you're fucking quads get hit way more and the rest of you gets hit way less. It's time to move away from the ego. This is something that for me was a little bit painful and is only now ending. I used to be pretty good at the squat bench and I left, at least as far as I was concerned, I was proud of my numbers and that's what matters. And I liked doing them and I kept doing them to the point where they were not so effective and the point where it was obvious I could be doing more through through wussy machines and isolationy type movements and getting just bigger stimulus and less fatigue. Certainly less fatigue for the stimulus which is to say a better stimulus to the federation. Now that I am doing more of those things, I'm the biggest ever ever been and my joints hurt less than they have ever hurt in living memory. It's a fucking good tradeoff. But some people, even if they're advanced, won't make it because of just pride and ego, like you wanna be that guy in the gym lifting fucking super heavy weights. Sweet, but what do you want more hypertrophy or to be fucking strong? Remember, in the hand out trophies at the bodybuilding show, they don't give a fuck who strong. And when that girl who's gonna, of course, offer her body to you because of your jackness, she doesn't care how strong you are, she doesn't even know how to count. How much weight is that? Don't care, flex your bicep. Let's go to my unmarked van, she says. Number five, this is a trippy one that I have to remind myself of because as you guys all know, I'm a sandbagging piece of shit and I don't have what it takes to train hard. If you're beginner intermediate, you may not have to go remotely close to failure to get your best games. But as an advanced athlete, you may have to push the system and the local physiology to its fucking limits a little bit more often, or at least regularly, which is to say that at the end, every last week of a mesocycle, provided that it's a movement which won't kill you if you fail in it, you could see yourself going pretty close to failure, even too failure and even maybe a little bit beyond. Things like drop sets, mechanical drop sets, et cetera, start to be as something you can look at as an advanced athlete because this is the time in your career when you want to squeeze the most juice out of that very possible because after the berry, that is you get old and the juice is disgusting. And nobody wants to talk to you anymore. You're about to build a career and a dare I say, social life is over. And you're just that creeping man in your apartment building that used to wave at girls and they would smile and now they just run. So I got really upset. I don't mean any of that. But really trying your fucking best means in your last workout of an accumulation phase, can experiment going too failure or even beyond if it's safe. Notice I said experiment, which rules out two things. One, in the first several weeks, don't do that shit. Do start two or three RIR and then go up. And also the experiment part here is how this works. Some people, the stimulus to fatigue ratio for them of going too and beyond failure is such a dog shit, they'll just never benefit from. And they can always stop at two reps and reserve or one repender reserve and get their best training ever. That maybe even muscularly dependent for you. You say, Luke, if I push my pecks to be on failure, they just don't fucking eat, and it's awful. And I just never get anything on it. But for my quads, if I don't go to failure pretty constantly, they don't grow much and I don't see a whole lot of change. So number five is not going close to failure. As just a categorical principle, you apply to everything. So experiment going too failure. And beyond as an advanced athlete to make sure you learn your body well enough to know that if there is light at the end of the tunnel for you in failure, that you're at least doing it. And if there's not light at the end of the tunnel, you at least fucking really tried. And it didn't fucking work. So you can back away and say, I'm not going to go to failure because I don't need that shit. Lastly, point number six, not learning your body's intricacies well enough by the time you advance, certainly a few years into being advanced, you have to know the exercises that you prefer to do. The techniques that you do on the exercises, the recovery abilities that you have so you know how much is too much or how much is not enough. Frequency is that you best respond to and are sort of best for your joint synonectative tissues, frequencies that are good enough for your muscles, but not so much that you can't recover. And of course, volume landmarks, minimum effective volume and maximum recovery volume, at the very least is something you should have an idea of why. Because your advance, you have to be an expert on your own training at this point. Very few things should surprise you in training. And your plans should be pretty logical and pretty satin stone. I didn't say completely satin stone. You should have a real fucking good idea of what you're doing. If you say your advanced, but you walk into the gym and you have no idea what the fucking you're going to do. And you get on the lag press and it takes you through your four sets to even figure out where to put your feet, holy fucking shit. You've just been training for a long time. You were not advanced. Show me an advanced lifter. And we've had lots of these folks, luckily on the RP channel. Doing workouts will be like, hey, I'm sure what a leg press looks like. They get on there. They set their feet, they grab the handles, they breathe in, and they fucking super crush it, ultra depth, and each replica's the same or like, what? We're gonna have deadly dick to teach you because you know it all. That should be what you're striving for as an advanced lifter. I'm not gonna say this. I'll say it. All the pro body builders, all this uncharid. Many pro body builders that are advanced. If you watch them train, you're like, why they're making beginner mistakes? Because they're not fucking really advanced. They just have really good genetics and they take lots of drugs and they're really hard workers and they've done this over. Two or one or two decades. And voila, there you have it. But to truly earn the title of not making any mistakes as an advanced person, you should seek to know your body ultra well. If you tell me, hey, Dr. Mike, if I put you in a skull crush or set up, how would the technique work? I fucking know. For myself, not for other people necessarily, but for me, say, hey, what brand of legpress do you prefer? Oh my God, I am so glad you asked. I have all the things in the world to say about that. What is your maximum recoverable volume for XYC muscle group? I can give you at least a thought. If you don't know yourself well, how are you going to navigate the intricacies of making gains as an advanced person? Where we know it's no longer hammering the fucking ale the biggest hammer in the room, it's much more of a precision guided task. All right, in order to be precise, needs to know your environment and that means know your body. So learn, learn, learn, pay attention. Don't overthink the shit. Think it just enough to where it gives you a nice logical conclusion that works in the real world. Take that little piece of knowledge stuff it away and continue to build around it. And sooner or later, you'll be the man that new too much and you'll be running around and in the French and English tunnel and you're having like a silence superfights with other agents because they want to get in your head and get your training knowledge. So they can build the perfect zombie army of body builders. See you guys next time.