You guys, do you want to find out why steroids are now turning young men into dangerous insels stay tuned for the action news tonight? Right now! Dr. Mike here for our peace strength, the daily beast that emblem of journalistic fidelity, just kidding, I don't really really be sure they have some fine stuff on there, featuring article by freed lance writer named Steffi Cow, Steffi did a fine job. But what I want to do today is open up this article, we're going to read the whole article together. I know that sounds crazy, but the article is just not that long, and can commonly make almost no good points whatsoever. I kid, sort of, let's get to it. It's called the mass monster. The antibiotics steroid trend below, as our other performance enhancers, is increasingly going mainstream thanks to Jim Bros. swapping drug recommendations between reps, not between sets Scott, between reps. Like, hey man, you got to try it. Equate EQ, because the red blood cell thing is pretty good. Fuck outta here. And the growing prominence of bodybuilding influence, sirs, oh sorry, are they're crying and the growing prominence of bodybuilding influencers, cricket sound skylight, oh, who are open about using it. Oh, it's true that interest in trend is pretty high. Mostly for meme stuff, almost no one who shares trend memes and for trend laws actually uses trend, trend uses incredibly rare still higher than we'd like it to be, but nonetheless not a huge problem. And the antibiotics steroid trend below is absolutely not called the mass monster. Scott, have you ever heard that in your entire life? Never heard that. It's insane. A mass monster is a person who maybe used some trend, but not even. It describes an individual. So again, this tells me like the person who wrote this article, maybe like just didn't Google for long enough, all due respect. It was a fine attempt to article, I'm moving across social media, extreme images, a fitness are highlighted and idolized. Online now more than ever before. So there are more people online than ever before. There are more subcultures and interest communities and niche communities online than ever before. But like you could say that same thing about every sort of community, Scott, the growing proliferation of Etsy knitting communities is skyrocketing, straight to our teenagers brains. Is there any good reason presented so far that this is some sort of pandemic? Absolutely not. Many of the quote-unquote, swall men featured have grown their seven figure social media following Scott. This is a personal tack on me as an article. This is oddly specific. Have grown their seven figure social media following out of prominence in the powerlifting and bodybuilding worlds. Despite the fact that they remain controlled substances under the FDA's jurisdiction. Stair abuse is illegal in some competitions of the former and socially accepted in both. Technically speaking, it's incorrect to say that they're illegal or illegal in competition. It's allowed in diss loud as competitions don't write laws or sorry, federations don't write laws, but that's fairly good. Very good. So far so good. The use of anabolic steroids and other performance enhancers has long been an open secret in elite gym culture. That's for sure true. That's a very good point. Like people don't use, but people use everyone kind of knows everyone uses, but sort of no one uses. This is very well-fraised. Today, it's becoming increasingly common among young men. So there was a link to this claim and it turns out that the link doesn't quite tell a full story. It looks like, according to the most recent update of the monitoring the future study, which is a monitoring drug use among high school students and has been for a really long time. Lifetime, anabolic, and generic steroid use is basically has been hovering around one to three percent for 12th graders with no sustained upward surge in the last decade. So increasingly common among young men as like, uh, bereft of evidence, I would say. Yes, there's widespread steroid use in various gym cultures, but like every teen on trend, vibe is just pure hype. It's increasingly common among young men in part due to the new wave of mind bogglingly muscular fitness content creators. It's almost certainly true. When you have a lot of fitness content creators, they take steroids, they talk about a great steroids are, and you can look like me. Yeah, sure, steroid use is expected to go up. But at the same time, we have to understand that a lot of this is demand driven. You have to ask a question first is like, why are influencers who are muscular even being looked at? Like if you're a super muscular freak, like why do so many men attract themselves to you to try to see what's, it's all about? So there's at least as big of a part of the story here, which really wasn't super disgusting this article of like, well, I think like, you know, males tend to want to be more muscular. And so if they're influencers pushing like, you know, you that'll collect the latest kind of pink purse if you're a guy, it just probably wouldn't sell super well because most guys are stuck on instrument, purses and interesting pink purses. Some are, and that's cool. It's going to be a small-ish community. But at the end of the day, it's kind of like, yeah, maybe there's this kind of like super propagandaizing effect of all these crazy masculine hypersphere influencers. I'm sure that has some effect, but I think the majority of the effect is probably like, that's the demand side of the equation pushing that up. So I want to see that kind of stuff. That's how people get famous on YouTube, by the way. You can't get famous on YouTube unless people want to see your shit. So I think this is a little bit of backwards causation here, but you just say it's partial. So I really like that part. And the craze is expanding the reach of an all-male echo chamber where bodybuilding and weightlifting have been tied into misogynistic far-right views. Scott, I knew it. We were all Nazis to begin with. All right. So I'm going to be pedantic just for laws. Technically, it's just lifting weights or weight training, formally the sports of bodybuilding and weightlifting, which is also known as Olympic weightlifting snatch and clean and jerk. They're competitive sports with almost no political overlap. And then she says bodybuilding and weightlifting have been tied into misogynistic far-right you'd like, if you had to ask me as a scientist, we might have thinker as train scientist, what tied into means in a causal, correlative landscape of associations, I would not be able to give you an answer. What exactly does tied into mean? Like does that mean that there's a correlation? It just so happens that some people involved in lifting weights also happen to be, you know, have misogynistic far-right views? Is it that the lifting is causing misogynistic far-right views? Is it misogynistic far-right views or causing people to go lift weights? It's it or just no relation whatsoever. Like our shark attacks being caused by ice cream consumption because both go up in the summer, like no, both are summer activities and people going water in the summer, and also they get ice cream. The tied into makes it seem like, oh, something's going on here. But we actually have absolutely no idea what's going on here. Potentially there's just nothing going on here at all. I believe there are actually zero misogynistic views described in this article and attributed to anyone. So like we neither have data on alt-right conversion of body builders. We don't have a description of how that relationship works. Nor do we have examples of like, okay, who are the alt-right body builder people that say toxic shit? Pretty impressive so far, Huskah. Like, that's wild. You can really just write anything. You can really just write anything. It's great. Quaid age 28 who asked to be identified by his first name due to concerns of employer retaliation. Begin weightlifting. I'm correcting this to weight training. By the way, Quaid was not doing snatches and clean and jerks through as far as we know. After he came across bodybuilding discussion threads on 4chan and the controversial, now defunct bodybuilding.com blog. Scott, I thought 4chan was a place people went to go get things that were not allowed to say anymore that sounded a lot like PDF file stuff. Okay. Who the ghost of 4chan for bodybuilding advice? Scott does not even really any humans on there. What the hell is going on? Like, that's the guy she picked. She's like bodybuilding has a right wing zealot problem. Like, okay, let's find out someone who started bodybuilding by going to 4chan. Like, what? If you go to 4chan for bodybuilding advice, we can almost definitively rule out that steroids did not cause your insult them. Because remember, the title of the article is why steroids are turning meth and then into dangerous insults. Okay. Go to 4chan for bodybuilding advice equals your 100% already an insult. Go start bodybuilding. You haven't taken steroids yet. Still an insult, by the way. ostensibly takes steroids at some part in your bodybuilding journey. And then you're now a stero taking insult. But this completely violates the premise of the article, which is that steroids turned you into a dangerous insult. This is backwards. Quaid was quoted as saying, the bodybuilding community has an oversized impact on internet culture that's not really appreciated. How do we know that? Like, there's no measurement given of how big internet culture is, how big bodybuilding internet culture is, and what the interrelationship is between there. But you guys quaid age 28 is a good enough source for this kind of article. Bodybuilding.com helps set the tone for today's Manus Fear. Ska, I can't do this. Are you with think like Peter aty a Jordan Peterson, Andrew Huberman, Joe Rogan, Ben Shapiro, like just they got their teeth sunk in with early bodybuilding.com for him to eat. Are you kidding me? All right. Okay, I digress. Bodybuilding is the first digital radicalizer of the 21st century. Said Jamie Cohen and assistant professor of media studies at Cooney Queen's College. Like, I feel the vibes that like online lifting communities can maybe radicalize some people for sure. But the first digital radicalizer of 21st century, like you guys alkada used to recruit people in the early 2000s on the internet to say it's at all a digital radicalizer is already a stretch. But the first is just like pure, total, just wilds, not specular, just comes about as close to nonsense as you can get something without just surely calling it nonsense. Jamie Cohen has had firsthand experience clawing himself out of the right wing internet fitness wormhole. What is the size and shape of the right wing internet fitness wormhole? And how much friction do you need to generate and muscular force to crawl and claw your way out of it? So my question is this, do you by clawing? I mean, like, just don't go to 410 anymore. All jokes aside, you guys just know wormhole. Claw out like dramatic much come on people. Cohen was radicalized at a time when viral right wing pieces would make their way around chat rooms and forums. Somebody stop the internet. People are sharing viral content of a certain political meaning. But now instead of one man grooming one man, whoa, how the hell did we get to grooming? It's now one man like Jordan Peterson grooming millions. Okay, two things. First of all, most bodybuilders, lifters in general, want nothing to do with politics of any kind. Scott, remember all those times we train pro bodybuilders, dragons layer and get into in-depth political nuanced discussions with them? Thousands, literally thousands of times. Thousands of times. We got in a more political discussions with bodybuilders than there are people in the IFB being pro league. Almost nobody cares about politics, legitimately in the world and for sure in fitness and for sure in bodybuilding. So the idea of the bodybuilding kind of is a big part of this right wing culture is just absolute nonsense. There are bodybuilders in right wing culture, God bless them, right wing, left wing, all of them respect. But like, this is not true to say that bodybuilding somehow like super-and-grain in this. It's just, it's just false. Secondly, this is the part that crushed me. If Jordan Peterson is in bodybuilding steroid culture, color me insane. Couldn't she have picked like her the guy, the co-in guy, couldn't have picked like, I don't know Andrew Tate? Look, he's not a bodybuilder either. Little closer. A little like he's involved in sports. Jordan Peterson is like grooming people to become right wing. Bodybuilders and somehow that involves with getting them to become in-sellabot from steroid use. I just don't know what we're talking about anymore. Good news, the person editing this article didn't either. And then Jamie Cohen is is is is is quoted as saying, the timeless part of bodybuilding is that it's self-care. You can even call it gender-affirming care. Yeah, that's a zinger. It's nice. It is self-care. It is gender-affirming for males. I'm not sure what it is for females though, but being a Jack ladies school, so I'm down. A hyper-focused fitness space offers community, routine, and visually measurable goals that many millennial and gen Z men feel are lacking in their broader lives. The disenfranchisement of young men has not been managed well and we're living through the reactionary movement. There's some truth to that. I guess young men feel a little bit left out, but if improving yourself in a way that makes you healthier and less apt to be violent because you're too tired from training is reactionary. Like, I'm here for it, I guess. It's not to say that all men who wait lift end up storming the capital. Scott, this is a direct quote. Okay, thanks for spelling that out. That's nice. I wonder what fraction of the January 6th insurrectionists were actually lifters? Scott, I'm guessing it's zero. Steffi goes on. North at the act of bodybuilding is necessarily dangerous. Very true. That's nice. That's very safe. But it's focused on eternal self-improvement and eternal dissatisfaction is easily exploited by content creators to pedal edgy, extreme-est ideology, to a captive audience increasingly disillusioned by the mainstream. Scott, remember when you log onto an internet website and you're a health captive by it? I hope it's time. The websites on the internet. Guys, it's somewhat true to say you're a captive audience when you're like in a movie theater and they show you ads. I mean, technically you can also leave, but like, you're there for the movie so you can't look away. When you go online to look at stuff, you are not in any sense of the word captive. This is just using extreme terms where they do not belong none of this should as true. I'm sorry. Today, it's a much easier passage to the alt-right and it's much more coded. It's more of an aesthetic than it is in ideology. A good luck figuring that out. I have no idea what that means and I'm really trying here. I just must not understand code well enough. Scott, it's so well coded. You can't even tell when you're being seduced into the alt-right and maybe you're not even being seduced. That's how well coded it is. A Yad Ahmad, a classic right-wing name, of course. He's clearly a white nationalist. In age 19, began lifting three years ago. He's in a cutting period right now, eating plain, protein-heavy meals, and lifting five days per week, my man taking steroids has crossed his mind a few times. A few older men he knows of the gym have told him that they're juicing and he's well aware it's a big thing among his peers. But he's studying medicine and concerned about side effects. This is awesome. The Yad's a smart guy. The side effects can run the gamut of severe acne, ankle swelling. How does that make the list? Jesus Christ. High blood pressure, aggression, delusion, depression, liver damage, risk of stroke and a variety of heart issues according to the Cleveland Clinic. This is your standard copypasta that you just went and got off the Cleveland Clinic. I'm saying it's not wrong but it misses a ton of new ones. We have a bunch of videos about this by the way drug type, the dose of the drug, the duration you're taking it, what ancillary drugs you take to combat the side effects or make them worse. And genetic predisposition. Most people have some bad of a time with steroids, some people have a great time and almost no side effects, some people have almost all side effects and no positive effects. It really runs the gamut. It's not like you're going to take these in one or a percent chance to get a mess. While the OG bodybuilding.com users often use to focus on getting ripped for sex and lots of it, that's not my quote, that's their quote. Ahmad said that's not really a part of his goals or motivation for most Jim Bros today. It may be true to say that no one who's ever been on the bodybuilding.com forums has ever had sex. No offense fellas, all jokes for the love of God. Pretend sex a lot of that definitely. When I first started lifting Ahmad said, it was definitely a factor. But I have so many friends who just don't lift it all and can get more girls, fundamental attribution error, Ahmad, your unscolution no better than that. I don't really think it's the number one factor that girls see in guys. That's super true. Getting in shape helps if you really ought to shape, but really kind of only at the margins. Self-confidence works really well, but you need to lift a really long time and really cultivate self-confidence about 10 other ways for that to really transfer. So this is actually really good. Men go to the gym for other men. Ice team meme. That means you gain. Said Steven Lee, 26, who began lifting seven years ago. Most of the external validation Steven says is almost exclusively for other men. That's absolutely true, but there's this other thing where women tend to be attracted more towards whichever men other men look up to more. So there's a secondary thing by which if you get the esteem of the men around you, the women in your social circle are going to find you substantially more attractive. People who lift a lot know that having a really just huge physique or being super lean is not that attractive to the average woman fact. But they're doing it more for their own body image sake. Yeah, I would say this ends up being like nine out of ten times like, why guys who stick to lifting for long-term do it is just for themselves. Lee added, it's considered almost impolite to judge someone for choosing to start juicing. Someone taking steroids is still likely putting an hours of the gym, eating clean, and putting in the work he argued. That's really cool. Scott, actually included like a very reasonable quote. In 2023, the National Institute for Health released a study warning dermatologists to identify acne full men ends as a potential indicator for the rising use of animal steroids among men, which they linked to pressures of social media. I have no idea why this is in this article. They just need in more stuff about acne and young men and steroids, I guess. Where are we left with with all of this? Let's do a little bit of a verdict situation here. Some good points on the steroids stuff and on the extreme stuff. But the connection between lifting culture and the right wing, which is look fruitful. There's definitely some connection there. It was basically just missing almost entirely here. And here's the biggest part to me. Like not once did the article attempt to or successfully lay out a case for how or why steroids are turning men into dangerous insults. A lot of data free hand waving going on. And she's like, yeah, this is a thing. And we're supposed to just believe it. A lot of cherry picking going on just like, hey, we're going to find someone that says this. Good enough. Zero peer reviewed research. Zero deep explanation about academic source. I've been quoted for plenty of articles before. So maybe I'm a clown. I'm almost certainly am. But it's kind of like, yeah, at least a lot to be desired. How much upside versus downside doesn't article discuss? Because if you're trying to present the reality of the world, which is like, the sole function of journalism, maybe the news. And you're trying not to be biased, which is like the number two priority of journalism. Number one is tell people things as they are. Number two is don't contort. Do have to check to see, is this topic being treated fairly? Are its upsides and downsides being discussed? That doesn't mean 50, 50. But it means like, you got to talk about like, well, maybe men seeking respect from the selling in online fitness communities are mostly becoming healthier, becoming calmer, more respectful, learning diligence, learning organization, learning benefits of hard work, developing physiques, to give them more self confidence, learning how to be kind and compassion with a new strength, and joining the ranks of moderate, a very politically astute movements, which is probably 90% of what's going on with lifting and probably most of that political stuff doesn't even apply. But when you're going after just like, wha, teeny little needle and hay stack, you're like, all the shit flows into a right, all right wing cess. And you're just like the article never acknowledges the benefits of TRT that's clinically prescribed in the right dosage. It never talks about the mental health benefits of resistance training and how that's actually really good for young men to do. This is just journalism, one-on-one imbalance. And so at the end of the day, like throw away your note pad and your excel sheets. The RP-high-perchrophy app has all of your workouts displayed in one place with guided videos on exercise techniques and a program that evolves to better suit your needs, the longer you use the app, all you have to do is follow the plan right on your phone and get the gains. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Can you just like, dough, better? Uh, it's my leftist bias request. If you wanted to find out why steroids are turning men into dangerous in cells, you would not have found it out from this article. Now, if you are a person of any politics, we love and respect you. Welcome to the channel. If you are involuntarily celibate, welcome to the channel. You guys are great. If you're dangerous, specifically like Michael Jackson's version of the Angel of Scott Marbleess on, Michael Jackson was great, wasn't he? And a very safe, I might add, all hits, only hits. Welcome to the channel, Dangerous People as well. Let us know what you think about this. Let us know if you ever have any wacky articles you want us to cover and see if they're true or not or whatever. And I've been Dr. Mike. I'll see you guys next time.