Hey folks, Dr. Mike Isr. Tell here for Renaissance Periodization. Glute Growth Program. You wanted it. You just weren't ready to admit it. And now you're finally rubbing the tears from under your eyes. You hit a namaste moment. You're here listening to how to specialize on glutes. It's okay. Join the club is 2020. Whatever glutes are in. But why would we be specializing on them? Could we just train glutes in the concert of an overall well-balanced program? The answer is yes. But there's a couple of reasons why you could want to specialize under glutes. You just want your glutes to grow in relation to everything else. So you may think that your quads look pretty cool. Your hamstrings look nice. But data your glutes are just a little small. And if they were bigger, everything would be in harmony. And guy of the earth got us would, you know, bless you in her own special way. Which I'm sure is sexual. By sure, I mean hope. Number two is if you do want bigger glutes, altering your program to limit the focus. Some muscles can make the glutes bigger. Because somebody could just say, well, specializing you just do more for the glutes in the same forever in the else. Yes. But if you reduce everything else, the glutes get even more recovery adapt of resource. And then they can really grow and take off. And so you can just train everything normally. But at some point, you'll realize that prioritizing is a good idea. I begs the question of when do I know prioritization is something that I'm going to need? When do I know a specialization is something I'm really going to need versus just training all around? Question is this. With all of the muscles that you're training glutes included, are you able to take each muscle close to its own performance limit towards the end of a mesocle? Like the muscle itself is what's crapping out on me. My overall feeling is that I'm feeling great. But I just can't match my PRs and the muscle itself is tired. And so I'm beat up, it just needs a break. That's great. That's how you know you've taken a muscle all the way to where it's meant to go as far as stimulating growth. But if the fatigue is systemic, your biceps are ready to go, but you're so goddamn tired from doing leg curls and squats and pull ups and all the stuff that you're doing in your program, then no amount of training your biceps hard is going to fix that because all of your hard bicep training at that point is just junk falling. You aren't able to train hard enough to stimulate your biceps because the systemic fatigue is too late. And if you push hard enough to do that, the systemic fatigue rise even more and it's kind of like a self-cans like an ominon. So in that case, if you're not able to train everything with due diligence, let's say you've got eight major muscles with the body, you're only able to train seven on front burner. If you add in an eighth one, everything kind of collapses, you need to take out the eighth one, put it on maintenance and say, okay, sevens all I can train. And at that point, you know that you can prioritize specialise on seven muscles at the same time. But as you grow bigger and stronger, it may be less than that. Top-if-be-profile-physics can probably only prioritize really put their front burner specialise on half of their muscle groups at the same time, with the other half going on maintenance volume, much less than all, maybe a third of the total volume that they used to be able to do. And remember that doesn't shrink those muscles, it just keeps them about the same size while your glutes, for example, are growing and then later on you can go back to normal training. So, if we're choosing to specialize, we have to understand what that really means. That's all in context for the glutes, but it works the same for every other muscle there is. It's first, specificity. You don't want to choose good exercises for the glutes. You want to choose great ones. Exercise, modalities, drop sets, super sets, et cetera. And repetition ranges that preferentially stimulate the target muscle. So for example, if low rep sets of lunges really Friday glutes, but they don't hit your quads much, but higher rep lunges really hit your quads and your glutes are not nearly as hit, if you really serious about glutes specialization, you're going to do most of your lunging and the lower partition range that really target your glutes. All of our best weapons forward. And because we want to use all of our best weapons on refresh, we're going to follow the idea of prioritization, which in any given session with multiple exercises, you want to train glutes relatively early in that session. Many days of the week, it should be first in that session. If you're really serious about changing something, you've got to do it fresh. Like if you are an elite artist and you want to really get your game up to where you're an unbelievable artist, you probably don't want to practice your craft when you're fucking dog tired from the rest of the day of work and other art you do for work and not your passion projects. You probably want to wake up early in the morning and get that shit done right when you're focused to make sure it's the best quality work. Same way if you want to train your glutes, you can't say all I do my normal shit and then at the end of a workout I do three sets of frog pumps or something. You got to do glutes first, maybe second in most of the days of training and what you do glutes, that way they're always getting great workouts. Frequency. Generally speaking, higher frequencies work, little bit better than lower frequencies. Trajic for me to see people who are trying to get their glutes bigger, but only train glutes once a week. At least twice a week, maybe even three or four times is much better. Whenever your glutes are recovered, you should be training them again, generally speaking. Now, glutes are a big muscle and they are involved in big heavy movements that have a large amplitude and ton of weight used, the total work is really high and the systemic fatigue is high as well. So when you are interested in really specializing on your glutes and going fucking hard, you should probably consider tuning down the volume to maintenance volume or a little bit above that for many other muscles of the body, especially other lower body muscles. If you are training your hamstrings like crazy, maybe you'll also train your glutes hard. If you're training your quads like crazy, fuck, unfortunately a lot of the times is when your glutes are going to be ready and recovered and good to go, your quads might be tired and sore from the quad work and then your glutes never really have a fresh take. So yes, you can train glutes and quads and hamstrings all really hard at the same time, but if you really, really, really want to put all your best weapons and then give the biggest glutes you can during the time that you're specializing on glutes, I would go maintenance volume with hamstrings, maintenance volume with quads, it's actually quite easy because the glutes involve a lot of those muscles anyway. Not that many exercises or sets directly for those muscles, more work on the glutes, so not only are they getting ton of work, but they're fresh and it's high quality work. All right, so when you are building your glute plan just for one mesocycle, consider a training frequency of three or four glutes, sessions per week, glutes are big and they're not really, so you can even start with two sessions a week or three, I wouldn't start with four, eventually you can work up to it. Ideally, of course, you train them fresh at the beginning of every leg day and on their own day, that's three days a week, the glutes can be the first thing you train, awesome. As far as exercises, lunges are incredible for the glutes because they allow that super crazy stretch of the glute when that lead lead, leg hits the floor, a foot or two away from you, that is the real money maker, lunges are incredible, there's a trillion different variety of lunges, make sure you are stable, make sure you are lunging very deep. One of the lunges is actually the Bulgarian split squat, which is just another type of lunges far as I'm concerned, that's also great for the glutes and the deeper you can go the bigger the stretch, the better that is a really good core for glute work, in addition to deep, wide stance work, which hits the glutes really well. So, wide stance, sumo deficit deadlifts, wide stance, sumo squats, there is a technique alteration, which Jared Fathers has talked about at many of our videos in which we train females for their glutes in which how you execute those exercises can actually make your glutes a huge limiting factor and the other way to execute those exercises means the glutes are not a blink of an impact or you have to use way more weight to do the same thing. So, I would clue in on those, potentially we'll have Jared do a little mini glute seminar and how to arrange your technique to hit your glutes, but if you do that properly, the deep wide stance work also works incredibly well and of course hip thrusts are very good exercises for glutes. That's some kind of magic that's necessarily categorically better than exercises. The good thing about hip thrust is they really one of the only exercises that emphasizes that peak contraction at the top of a glute. You guys ever had sex for a long time, it's all peak contractions, and then you legit have a huge glute pump. I should stop by accident. To those of you who have never had referred to what pretend sex would probably be like and then get a pretend glute pump. Someday you'll have the real thing. I promise. Maybe, maybe not. At least with a robot, hopefully soon. That's my plan, all of my sex is theoretical. So, hip thrusts are great, lunges are great, some other options good. We'll talk about a sec, but why stance work for glutes is a really really good idea. Set numbers, again glutes are not special and a magical or a most everyday muscle, two to six sets per session for glutes. Whatever gets you a decent pump, and a feeling like you worked out a bit, and then go slowly from there, based week after week upon your ability to recover and get sore, etc. I will say that if you haven't done walking lunges ever or in months, one set of lunges close to failure will give you what I like to call items, instant onset muscle soreness, your glutes get crampy and fucking weird, and if you do any more sets in that, you'll have noms in your glutes for like, I don't know, or we can have for two, which is really stupid. So highly effective exercises like lunges start with just one set and stop. Literally one set, that's your whole glute workout. Next week you need two sets, and three, etc. It's something that's so some of the exercises you really really need these into, and lunges are really an example of that. Loading of repetitions, whatever it gets you your best SFRs, which how do we tell? Tons of tension in the glutes, tons of burn in the glutes, close to failure, great pump in the glutes, it makes the glutes really tired and it able to perform, and it makes the glutes either really fatigued feeling, perturbed feeling, and or gets some actual delayed onset muscle soreness. That's how we can tell where our best SFRs are, while at the same time minimizing how much joint and connective tissue disruption we feel. There's a big difference between the best SFRs for the glutes, and you want to do. For example, every other girl in America seemingly hip thrusts 405 pounds. But last I checked their glutes aren't that big. How come? Well it's easy to leverage the exercise of the hip thrust in such a way that may not feel ideal for your connective tissues, but you can lift a shit load of weight in, and it's in the 5 to 10 rep range so you can really lift a lot of weight. But if you had to be honest with yourself and ask after one of those sets, how do your glutes feel? Most people's answer would be like, I don't know, they feel fine, like they were trained, but that exactly getting in there really is happening. Well what would they say, if I really had to be honest, I would hold the peak contraction of the hip thrust for one or two seconds. I would do a slow-recentric, I would do sets of you know, 15 to 20 hip thrusts, and then that would fuck me up. Like, lutes would be dead. Well that's the fucking point. And then you might have to use two plates instead of four plates for hip thrusts. You might have to use barbell walking lunges with 25s on each side of the barbell instead of 45s. But it's really cool to be running coalman and do three plates for walking lunges. But the reality is it's just that's out of the cards from most of us. And glutes are muscle in which the technical change in the exercise can really change what is being involved. Remember, anytime you do any kind of hip thrusts motion, your hamstrings, your add-hctors, your quads, your lower back can all help the glutes to some extent carry out that motion. And thus, if you just try to go for max force production, all those muscles will start to help and the glutes won't be working as much anymore relative to the other muscles. So the stimulus rises a little bit for the glutes, maybe not even at all, rises a lot for the other muscles. But the fatigue rises a shit load because now you're lifting a fucking metric ton. Whereas if you really focused on the mind muscle connection for the glutes, really chose a technique that blast the glutes and nothing else, you get a ton of winnings as far as stimulus, very little fatigue to pay for it. The other thing you have to rationalize to yourself is why that girl over there hip thrusts more than you. But bitch gets curious, you just turn to the side and pull your shorts a little bit and she's like, I'm not gonna stop gluteca. See, I speak Spanish too. And I've no idea what I said. But maybe you Spanish speaking folks can translate. And the comments that would be helpful. A little, uh, will Rosetta Stone. I sure hope I said something. We'll make sure you're progressing on track, monitoring and adjusting your workout at all times. So for all that work you're doing, you can be sure you're getting the best results. Anyway, something I overheard Jared Father talking about. In any case, again, same as most other muscles, if you do have an exercise for glutes that is really good in the 5 to 10, I'll run a range greatest of far. And other exercises that are better for higher reps, start the workout with a set of 5 to 10. Like if it's similar, deficit pulls or something. Because you gotta be fresh for heavy, but you don't have to be fresh for light and high rep. Get the heavy done first, light and higher up after. And if you have within the week, maybe three duglute days, do your heavier work earlier in the week, moderate work in the middle of the week. And later in the week, do lighter work, really recover that way. You're joins the connective issues kind of get to recover the entire time and then you get blasted again next time you train heavy. Progress through your plan is going to be very similar. You essentially want to set of baseline volume, which we talked about, sort of two to six sets for each session for the glutes. And then you see you okay, how is the stimulus going and how is my recovery going? So if you feel really strong next workout before the train glutes and you're not, you have no delayed onset, so we're going to certainly feel like that. The next time you do glutes, you can add a set. So if Wednesday, I train glutes Monday and Wednesday, I'm feeling phenomenal. Next Monday, I go from three sets to four sets of glutes. Ideally, you want to heal just before you train glutes again. Train, get trained glutes, get either sore or like pretty fatigued and tired. Like maybe it's not sore but like fuck, I don't. I'm definitely going to underperform with hip thrusts and lunges. By the time you train glutes again, you're just recovered enough to hit that mini PR. You stuff is much volume as you can over time recover from that usually leaves to the best gains while on. If you were sore all the time, if you do lunges on Monday and you're still sore doing hip thrusts on Wednesday, too much, reduce the volume so that you heal on time. We don't want to train when we're sore, on occasion it's okay but it's not something you set up over the long term. Rups and reserve, three reps and reserve, like with anything else to start. And then you progress by two and a half pounds or five pounds on the bar, ten pounds on the bar, whatever it is every week, a little bit on the bar, maybe add a repetition or two here every week so that you're always making things a little tougher over time. Eventually you get failure on stuff. You're not able to match repetitions, d-load, get rid of the fatigue, choose some exercises, repeat another mezzo, voila, that's all the program design. And while we're at it, what would a blue plan look like? I'm just going to show the glute exercises. I've integrated no-quater or hamstring training or anything into this but basically, as Monday, Wednesday Friday, we have a sample plan here right there. Monday, we start with barbell hip thrusts sets of 10 to 15 reps and three RAR and then we do sumo-poss squats for two sets of five to 10 reps. Now hold on a second, sumo-poss squats, great lute exercise but there are five to 10 reps but they're second in the order why thought you said five to 10 reps should be first. In most cases but in some cases the stimulus to fatigue ratio is higher if you pre-exhaust with a lighter exercise, senior nephew go crazy having an compound movement. sumo-squafking, pretty fucking heavy so if leg lutes can be blasted with hip thrusts which don't even affect most of my body, sets of 10 to 15 reps that means my glutes are nice and weak coming in to the actual sumo-squat itself and then what I do the squats, I do my super glute technique and the glutes just don't need that much more to get going. It's like doing some flies before doing some push-ups. If you get through all your flies first and then you do your multiple sets of push-ups, it'll be easier relatively to train your packs versus your triceps because your packs will already be pre-exhausted. Wednesday, okay so we got basically five total sets of lutes on Monday. We come in at Wednesday, we do machine hip thrusts or a glute kick backs. There's some good glute kickback machines. I'm sure we'll say in that for some reason. Afterwards we do sumo-poss deficit deadlifts. Again the deficit means we have to lean over more, we got a huge glute stretch, especially if we do a sumo with the right technique where we charge glutes really far back. It focus all of our energy and bringing our hips back and then underneath us. It's actually mechanically really shitty leverage advantage and your glutes have to eat you out of there at a deep stretch, which means it's very stressful for the glutes. You do those deficit-poss deadlifts like that. Again that's another five sets for glutes on Wednesday, really good stuff. Friday, the abductor machine, I guess it's called the bad girl machine because you open up your legs like that. Some normative sexual implications there. I won't broach. But in any case the opening leg up, that actually is one of the functions of the glutes, not a hugely major function. So you don't want to have your whole routine be the bad girl machine. But it's something good to be pepper in there. It takes care of other parts of the muscle, maybe aren't hit well with other things. So you do that for three sets of 15 to 20 reps and that of course barbell walking lunges, especially great once your glutes have been pre-exhausted. Two sets of 15 to 20 reps. G, that's a really good exercise. Get nice and sore. Take two days to recover. Come back again. Add a few more sets. Reduce the RRs a little bit. Stay in the same rep range as by adding a bit of load. Maybe a few reps here and there. It's week two, week three, we forward center right at the end. We get to a sample final pre-delote week. And there you notice that we're still the same rep range. But everything is a zero RR and the sets have increased substantially. Again, increasing sets is a matter of asking am I recovered enough? And if you say, well, I'm for sure recovered enough. I could definitely do a set and still recover. You go to the exercises that, because remember, it's two exercises per day. So if you're saying okay, my Monday recovery tells me that next Friday I can add a set to my Friday workout. You might look and say okay, I have the abductor machine and barbell walking lunges. Which one of those do I add a set to? The answer is whichever one for you at the time has a better stimulus to fatigue ratio. Not that hard to figure out, you should already know that in your program. You should be like okay, well, what are you doing six sets of abductor machine? There's no fucking way I'm doing another set of that. The answer for that last set will definitely suck, because I'm already psychologically checked out. But I could do another set of barbell lunges. So instead of four sets, I'll do five sets. That's how it works. All right, how long can you specialize 400 lutes? Ideally forever. And actually you can do that. So you can do a whole training block of specialization, three mass cycles in the row. The mass cycles progressively becoming focused on slightly higher reps because of joints and connect officials can't keep up. It's just stronger, stronger, stronger all the time. Potentially increasing the training frequency as your glutes get used to it. And of course the average volume is going to go up as well. And incorporating different movements as the various movements lose their SFR rankings. So barbell walking lunges were a great movement for you. And the first two meadows by the third, they're not so great. And they're kind of weird on your aductor. Then you do some regular, you know, so let's say Bulgarian splits, whites are something with a deficit all as well than as well and then voila, or after a really good start. So exercises that are no longer working replace exercise that are working great. You keep in one whole block, which is three mass cycles, potentially something like 18 to 20 weeks. That's a lot of training. After that, you should do either a four week low volume resensitization phase or a two week active rest phase. And then you can come back and do another block of glutes and just repeat that over and over and over or you can come back and do any kind of normal training because maybe just maybe your glutes are finally big enough. And J. Lowe's insurance people came up to you and they're like, do you need that? And sure, because damn daddy, I finally somebody called me daddy. All right. If you need more information about how to do this, don't worry we've got you covered in the links right below in the description. We have a free exercise video library. We can look up Jared Father training his glutes isn't that a treat just by itself. There's a muscle group training guide, which includes the glutes. So if this video made some sense, but you want something physical to hold on to and read, then we've got that as well. All free. The hypertrophy made simple training videos. If you're like, what the hell is SFR? There's a video on that. Don't worry give you the whole grand architecture of how we look at our portrait of re-training on this channel. It's so different than ever everyone else. It's not that different. Now that's the free stuff. Not free stuff is that hypertrophy book. If you're real super fucking nerd like me, you'd want to buy that shit. And of course, if you want to create a custom training template, but you need some architecture with which to do it. You can do it on our website. It's super valuable. It's not. We're not trying to rip you off. It's actually a good program generator. You can build whatever you want on it. It's going to make a whole lot of sense. And remember, I still have team of 19 butlers supervising as of now 27 Lamborghinis. I even have the old 1980s, Koon Tosh and everything. It's something. It's a memorabilia. And if you guys want to support the Lambo fund, buy more shit. If you don't like me having Lamborghinis, what the hell is around with your uneven support the American dream? In any case, folks, thanks for tuning in and I'll room buy you next time and leave you and your girlfriend for mud water on the side of the street as you hear and see in small Lamborghinis exhaust.