Folks, what's up? It's Dr. Mike. 16 weeks post surgery. I'm on my grind. I am training. I'm big. I mean maybe no those things. Anyway, today we're doing a gargantuan chest and tricep and shoulder workout. So let's learn stuff, get jacked, and see what's going on. I was just sick for like, we get least maybe a little bit more than a week. So sometimes off, but I've been training again for a few days. But basically TLDR, this is a big workout. My workout capacity is very good now. Lift your feeling great. Now I'm jinxing myself, but it's gonna have some fun. Let's go warm up on the incline. Check through that, do that whole thing. For years, I've had a very, very good chest relatively speaking. And very good triceps, but I kind of wanted to get a little bit more out of my triceps. And I really like the ASMR, kind of the feel of close grip pressing. So I've just done a ton of close grip pressing. And I noticed a little while ago like, my chest couldn't be bigger. Like obviously it's true for everyone all times. But I was like, you know, not man, like, I'm not getting my chest hit nearly as much for workouts as I used to. And so I widened my grip just to show you guys, I used to literally press in here all the time. And for shoulder stuff, I still do it for overhead press. Now I literally took one fist out. One fist out in excellent film Scott, film that believe or not. Um, yes, yes, one fist in was related to similar topic. That widening allows me to have a very close to 45 degree angle in my elbow at the bottom. Instead of coming closer, coming closer really purgatory. How does your triceps and make sure triceps are huge limiting factor? Coming out wider can make your chest limiting factor. Now that it is, first of all, turns out I can bench a lot more than I thought. And second of all, last time I did this, did this twice already. My chest got mooped. Super exciting. So I'm going to go to two plates now. Do that for a set of about four. And then it's 200 more of my saying. It's Ronnie time. 200 and fit the path for, hi, fifth and 12. I like to see somebody up the staff me do this. Actually, hold up. Say something will. I was like this. I'm okay. Anyway, let's do it. 13. Oh great. Really smooth. Gentle touch. Go lock out. Not bad. The rest of human is two to three. Plug back in here. The goal is my right match. It's two more sets of 13. However, many little many sets of takes me. We'll have you guys along for that ride, Missack. Yeah, packs feeling. Packedacular. Yeah, open the deck. All right. Set number two here, folks. You're going to see me do about maybe six to eight reps. And then rest and then finish up the rest of the reps for 13 total. 10. Not too shabby. Just need enough of a break. You're going to high quality three. You're going to have to do that. 13. Rest two three minutes. I'm going to do one more set like that for another 13 and two 50. And then it's 25. I like to worry. You know, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Not much. What? Are you answering your own questions? Did you just ask how's it going? And then said not much. Um, I just want to ask you like, it's cool that I'm doing pretty well, right? Yeah. Like I'm just like kind of the man. I'm just kind of succeeding everything. You know, saying like big deck and shit. It's cool, right? Like on my tall. Whatever. Yeah. I mean, can everybody's talking. But yes, relatively speaking, you are taught. Like I'm great, right? You're fine. You're 100% fine. But like I'm awesome. You're you're good. Just. Oh, died. It felt pretty good. Four apps left. Take a little time. Make sure I'm good for it. She'll very good. Yeah. That last one. On that second to last rep just now, I was like, oh boy, hope I'm a little stable myself. And then I'll be okay. Uh, Smith machines are tough because you can't wiggle out of them. You get pinned under one of these. It's really bad news. So in any case, drama aside, that felt awesome. I am going to check my RPI hypertrophy app really quick to see what the plan is for the next set. So 185. I did last time for 20. I think this time, I do one 90 for 20. Oh my god, 15. Oh, God, I got dim. Mountain go to over here. Climb it on benches and shit to get the shot. You guys know, once I'm first time I ever met Scott, I was like, what would you do for the shot? And he's like, I'll do anything for the right shot. That's how we hired RPI, everybody. Five more reps. Let's go. Nice. Sweet. I'll tell you guys the fun stuff. What are you taking, Dr. Mike? Scott, we should sell out to like a pixie dusting supplement company. I take like eight things a day. I start off my day with melon draft. It's like replicates a draft that cools your body down from a lacquillarily and it's like made of melon. It's like really good. I love it. So it's like my favorite flavor of any company where I've ever taken. Even though I just signed with this company three days ago, I do mean that. And I don't know what these pills are, but like, I think they're like citruleen. Just like a big difference in the gym. Look, the pumps just out rages. What was that? No, I'm not on trend. Not right now. Anyway. How do I not have a free workout sponsor? You got a free workout sponsors? You got that shit? Yeah, I don't hear shit. Well, I'm pretty sure it's out here. You feel me? Shit. Do I look motivated? No. I don't even want to be here. I know. What's my favorite thing about this hypothetical pre-workout? I've never taken yet? Name all of my favorite things in my whole life up to the point early memories of my dad, loving a relationship. All that's gone, bro. Is this pre-workout as that much better? See, I'm ready to sell baby. One, eight, eight, nine, nine, sell. Call me. We'll make a video. Folks, I have two exercises on this. The first is really, really quick. And the second one is like an actual free lecture size. And let me do the first one. And we'll get to the center, right? Okay, cool. So now the second exercise is going to be push downs. Here's the thing. I do push downs on a regular cable. The cable comes in front of my face. I have to push my head back, right? Which means I can't lean over the cable. Otherwise, I'm at the end of the exercise of it's great, guys. What ends up happening is the part of my tricep, the long head, the pulls this down, ends up getting hit a ton. And the other heads don't feel a ton. So what I like to do instead, it's got to come over from the side, is I lean forward into this thing. So I end up pushing forward and letting my elbows come really far back at the bottom. That gives me an amazing stretch for the triceps. And it allows me to really get high quality work without just bicing the whole thing to the long head. Plenty of long head work, ever. So what I'm going to do here is just do like five or six a little quick warm up reps. Once I've done those, we're going to begin work sets at earnest, which will be a lot of sets. Four sets, tons of bi-wripped match sets. I think it's like 20 or 20 when we're up to percent pretty tough stuff. So let me get grooved in. This is already the working weight. I just start from the bottom, so I did not count that as a rep. Nice. You guys see my leaned over posture, up and back, down. Down and down a little bit of adjusting center of gravity. Just kind of has to happen up well reps. Oh, 22 22. 22. Let me turn my camera off. Just check in. RPI, perjury fiat. Yep. First of 22 is done. I have three more sets of 22 reps. I'm going to split them up into my right match. 10, 10 to five reps at a time. Rest a little bit, keep going. And once I've done with that, I have deficit pushups. We get to those in a bit. But for now, I have no idea what's got max you're going to do with this video. So maybe there's a fun combo real ahead of like a million tri-spox tensions. See you there. Almost certainly. I don't know. Okay. Oh quick drink. Oh quick drink. Got a gatorade, genius shot and element in there. Protein carbs, electrolytes, and then check my RPI perjury fiat 40 total pushups. Over as many sets as it takes me. She's who comes up with these stupid workouts. The debate about volume and hypertrophy is functionally over volume one. If you're load somewhere between your fiverr at max, your 30 rep max, if you are taking your sets within three or four, definitely two or three reps of failure or closer, the biggest turn dial by far is how many sets you do per week per muscle. And so I've been trying to push the foot around this for years. Never worked. Every time I crank my volume within my ability to recover on a muscle group, if in rows my shoulders have recently blown up just because I've been pouring in my right match wraps down their throats. That's right there are shoulder throats. Think about that. My shoulder has a little throat. That's 20. Ugh! Christ. Good God. It's 10. It's 30 total. Guys, if you like these kinds of videos, or like when I'm really doing and training, our member section does not cost a lot of money. You get tons of added bonus features and regular, or at least once a month. You get my behind the scenes training footage. Guys, it's how I train. There's nothing bad. Just just me and this is going to roll the goddamn... this is no one here. Huh? Anyway, it's a f***ing ball or idea. Give it some thought. See you in the member section if you like that. Four more animals. I'm not trying to finish these. Try to get extra quality at each one. Ugh! Mmm. I sure I can do a push-up. Good God. I had to get big shoulders plug. I've done lots over. I had prices very heavy. It helped not a ton. There's never high volume. Today I have five sets of gay block break rows with 20 reps per set. That's a hundred rubber workout. And I'm going to do the Myra Match style. Sometimes I even go over 20. Just keep cranking rest crank rest. So basically see this next and last part of the workout. As a hundred reps total of upright rows. And I just got to get them done. And that's the real thing fellas. It's something that's hit me recently at a big realization. Number one, qualifier for getting big, is do the f***ing work. And yeah, go hard. Go heavy. But set after set is what makes you big. It's what makes you your biggest. If you've used multiple set programs before high volume, you have a great result. Two things to be happening. One, you'd be too much volume. It's cut that in half and then try marching up. The other thing is could be your sleep, your food, your recovery or their order to survive this kind of stuff. You need to be higher piece and cues recovery wise. And I've said this a few times I'll see it again. Do not like training shoulders. I don't like training shoulders. I volume. It's thing annoying. I'd rather just leave. I'd like a really cool, like chest and tricep pump right now. I'd want to just like hit a couple shots and then just go off. But there's a thing. We're here to make changes. Nobody ever said the show was going to be comfortable. Nobody ever said it was going to be glorious either. There's no floor in doing 100 reps shoulders. But there is outcome. That's why that's over here. I don't even know what compels me at this point. It's like Sonic the Hedgehog getting in a bunch of coins. I can still get these shit. That's good to feel pain on the side dulse. Not super common. The last six. Last six reps of the workout. Come on, baby. Let's go. Do you guys think I'm serious? Big dog got any baby. I don't know. I especially think about howling dogs is after that first. Well, you're like, oh, they're not going. Get an extra one. Versa grips off. It means workouts over. Gonna drink my shakes. Hop in the sauna for about 20 minutes. Something I've been doing recently. Some interesting health benefits seems to very conclusively not. Interfeited hypertrophy at least. It might elevate it a little bit. That's kind of neat. And before I hit the sauna, I'll hit a couple of poses. Get you guys a praise on the scar situation. So 16 weeks out. That means that I've been lifting four. Yeah. Something like 10 weeks now. Post surgery. Got all my muscle back and then some. My body fat's kind of interesting. Not too low, not too high. About to be doing a fat loss face soon this fall. So things are getting pretty exciting. My training is after they call the community clicking. Do you click in a long? And for you find folks that want transparency, you guys know this is a place to get it. I'm on 100 milligrams of testosterone, 50 milligrams of premable and per week. It's 150 total. It's a replacement dose. Everybody doesn't make premate on their own. But on that, I'm on three units of pharmaceutical great growth hormone. And a bunch of other ship, like just like you know vitamins and minerals, vitamin D, each like that. And five milligrams of terzepotide, which I just take all the time now, because it's a fucking health elixir. So I'm on that. And like later this year to test kind of a show protocol, I'm going to add double the gear, so 300 total. I used to go up to 1500. You need even 2,000 in some cases years back. So 300 is a sick joke. Going to go up to four and a half and maybe up to 16 is a growth. And then probably add in ligand raw, fun experiment. Some friends of try to, they loved it. I tried it for like a couple days and all the only ship. This is a real spark. I'm trying that at a very low dose, but for eight to 12 weeks, combined it with a fat loss phase. Cool shit could be happening. Are we 234 pounds today? Well you get to see some video of me half naked in a second. I'm not like lean or whatever, but I'm not terribly out of shape. 234. 100 thousand legs. Lacky shit might be happening. Don't call that a prediction. I'm too much of a non-confinite spark to make things. But anyway, thanks for tuning in. That's your next one.