Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Many bulking, is it a thing or is it total BS? Well, let's find out. What is many bulking? It's like many cutting, but daffron. Many bulking is if you take roughly two to six weeks in a dedicated colorux or plus while training very hard with the anticipation of gaining some combination of muscle, hopefully much of it, and fat, hopefully, Mattaton, but always in everywhere when you're bulking, you should expect some fat gain to come along for the right. Two to six weeks of bulking and usually bulking slash muscle gaining, slash massing, whatever you wanna call it. Usually that is best done for late eight to 16 weeks for some reasons we'll describe shortly. But many bulking isn't total BS because it does have its use. For example, two uses that are quite effective. One is you don't have the time in your schedule to do a long protracted bulk. So do you do a mini bulk instead and then maybe you'll do one later after? It's not like that's all the muscle gain you're gonna have that year. Cause that won't be that much. But just for scheduling reasons, you can't do anymore. A good example of that is like, you have six weeks right now to train hard to meet well, and you have to go on like a three week business triplication combo. I don't know like, I think I'm not gonna muscle gain through that. It's just like a huge cluster fuck. And so I'm gonna bulk for six weeks now. We're gonna maintain through that vacation, come back, do a little mini cut, and then start bulking it up for 12 weeks. So totally fine. Totally fine use case. A very related one is to be clear after a very intense competition prep fat loss diet after show prep. People say, okay, you show prep diets over, you should maintain after, to let your body recover, but hold on a second. You're like 5% body fat, the hell you maintain it. Your body's slowly like dying. It's like the same cool, feed me. And what you wanna do after a show then is do a bulking phase in order to put out actually quite a bit of fat intentionally. Because putting on fat from 5 to 6 to 7 to 8 to 9% body fat as a male and anywhere between 10 and 15% as a female, actually makes you healthier and more anabolic. We could make you more likely to gain muscle if you're fatter. Because when your body is lean enough, it's like, dude, everything you feed me, I'm just gonna store us fat anyway. Because we're dying out here. I'm out of body fat. Forget muscle or you nuts. It's like parts of your bathroom and kitchen at your house or falling apart. And you're like, hey, we got extra money. What do you think? Re-vamp the deck. Your wife's gonna be like, what do you fucking crazy? We'd have fixed the house first. Then maybe we'll build a deck. Same idea, remember your body. When you get lean enough, it values body fat like crazy. Because it's like this is a problem. It's not supposed to be this low. So it's actually good to bulk rapidly after a bodybuilding show. That crazy rapidly. But like, yeah, getting like two pounds a week of tissue. So at least most of those two pounds are some large fraction can be fat. So yeah, you get in plenty of muscle on the rebound. We also gain lots of fat. So that afterwards, that six week period is over. You can take a low break. And then start bulking and actually have it be very, very effective. So why not just bulk that fast and then after six weeks slow it down to normal. Here's the problem. You just trained ultra hard for months and months and months during your fat loss phase. Your training fatigue is very high. It's not ultra high. Because you're deluded for the show, little active rest after the show, but you're still pretty beat up. I mean, show prep beats you up. So afterwards, if you can do about four to six weeks of rebound bulk and rebound mass gaining, you gain, you know, she was like a percent of your body weight every week. That's probably pretty good. And after six weeks, you went from 4% fat to 10% fat or something and it may be less, a lot of it's gonna be body water, something's gonna be muscle. So maybe you got back to 8% fat from 4% fat. In six weeks. And that's like, yeah, that's a lot of fat gain, but that's good, that's what you want. And it's also a plenty of muscle gain. The end of that process though, after that six weeks of bulking, you, that six weeks plus the previous 14 before that, a most of which were spent in high volume, early hard training. And all that training during the diet phase was spent in a deficit where to training beats you up even more than normal. So you're training fatigue. We just like delapidated you're like, dude, now you hear it's my joints don't work. Nothing hurts. Everything hurts. I joints don't work. This is terrible. You're completely gasped out. At that point, you can't keep bulking because bulking number one underlying 100% must have for a good massing diet, good bulking diet, is to be able to be healthy and motivated and strong enough to continue trained for weeks and weeks. And you're no longer in that position. So you have to stop your bulk, take a maintenance period of several weeks or an active rest period who basically hardly trained at all for two weeks, really heal up. And then you can either do a little mini-cut, clean up a little bit and then go bulk or just go right bulk from there. So that's totally fine. But that means you have to have like a four to six week of bulking phase that is in mini-book. And in that situation, it's totally fine. Another situation in which mini-bulking can do really well is if you have a client that you're coaching, who is built up a ton of diet fatigue, I mean, they're just like, they're ravenous and they're ready to eat everything and they're just like totally devoid of energy and everything like that. And let's say they have another fat loss diet that for some events and wedding or whatever, they have six weeks of break. And you could just do maintenance, right? And maintenance absolutely heals diet fatigue in most circumstances. But it heals so at a moderate pace because it's maintenance. But like after six weeks, they have to diet for another 10 weeks to get their leanest effort to go on some cruise vacation that they want and take some pictures and who knows. So you have six weeks. If you need to heal, is much diet fatigue as possible. The best way to do it is actually to do a very mild surplus. An extra 250 calories per day on top of maintenance, is technically a surplus. Very well. But in addition to that, because it's a surplus, there's something absolutely magical. It's not really magical. It's just science. But it's not science and magic, the same thing. I should just go be a elementary school science teacher. For only I was legally allowed within 500 feet of an elementary school. The first place I would go, no wait, not that sounds totally wrong. In my pro officer, if you watch this, I'd just take back everything I said. If you run six weeks in maintenance, you'll heal a good deal of diet fatigue. Let's say you'll heal 70% of the diet fatigue you had. But fucking price that last 30%, starting 30% of diet fatigue, you won't make it that 12-week diet afterwards. By a week eight, you'll be like, I'm done, I can't do this anymore. I'm not sleeping. I'm gonna eat nal my arm off hungry. I have total lethargy, I'm starting to lose muscle. This is terrible, lose your hair, fuck all that. But if for those six weeks, you don't go maintenance. You just go to slight surplus. There's, again, a surplus heals you. In a big way, and it recovers diet fatigue, in a way that maintenance takes much longer to do. So after six weeks of a mild surplus, you may be evenly gained like two pounds of body fat, maybe, maybe, probably less. But you have 100% reduced your diet fatigue. So now that 12-week diet, you have coming up with you, how to do schedule-wise anyway, you're gonna rock right through that. Those two pounds of fat, Jesus, that's like a week and a half fat loss, who cares? You rocked it out, because you bought yourself an extra four weeks of fat loss from eight to 12. But the only one and a half of those is required for burning the fat off that you accumulated. So it's worth. So in those cases, many Balkans, actually, there's something to it. However, downsides of many Balkans. Because of what I don't want you to do is stop watching right now, because we see the way monetization works. If you keep watching, we make more money here. And not only do I collect land-breaking, this is maybe you know, if you watch this channel before, I'm technically speaking my Butler's Go Bible Ambrug Unions, I don't wanna be associated with commerce. It's kinda Iky, I don't like money exchange, I'm too rich, I don't like to touch money or see, and I like make sure somebody else is doing it. But Scott, the video guys, come on in some money lately from all these YouTube videos. He's Scott, what's your car of choice? You're a Jaguar addict, 9-11. He's got like, it's not like a fleet of 9-11s, but he's got like 5-5, you know, what if I'm gonna say the yellow racing stripes one, you know, you don't take that out on a night out with your girl. So he has to have another one, it's just like midnight blue, but then like on a sunny day, you want the red one, this is how we're living. So please continue to watch because you're gonna make us a lot of money, which is awesome. But you get even a slight side benefit. And the side benefit is, don't just be like, hey, okay, fine, this is great. Click mini-bulking, whatever. It works clearly, you're just talking about it for 15 minutes, how it works, it has downside. Just because something works in some context, doesn't mean it works in a universal context, and doesn't mean it's not on average worse than another thing that's even better. Like yes, if you are in a battle against zombies, a pistol works. It's better than not a pistol, but what about some kind of carbine setup with a fucking scope, grenade launcher, and our talk. So what is that equivalent? That is bulking for eight to 16 weeks. What do we get from that that we don't get from many bulking? Couple things. First, an appreciable amount of muscle that you can see on your frame, takes months to gain. And if you've got months, take months, because you want an appreciable amount of muscle, imagine someone's like, how's your foot, diet going like, yeah, man, your foot finishes bulking, like, yo, fuck man, you feel big? No, you don't? No, six, six weeks, the same shit. I think I gained like half a pound of muscle. Oh, oh, it's just slow clap. Not bulking. You want a lot of muscle, so you do it for longer. That being said, there are other very compelling, you did more compelling reasons to do it for longer, in one stretch, because you could say, okay, I'm in a bulk, many of you, fine. How about the calibration required in mass gaining can take a few weeks, such that you don't really get into the groove until like your halfway done with your mini bulk. Getting into a dependable, auto regulated surplus. How do you know when you start blocking that you're eating at a surplus, it actually don't, it's an educated guess, and that can be wrong. You can think, okay, my maintenance calories 3000, so many 3,250 to gain, that's actually a really good buffer for how much to gain. 250 calories is like half a pound a week, protected gain, that's a really, really good rate for many people to gain a lot of muscle and not so much fat. And much farther above and surplus, maybe just leads to a lot more fat gain and just a little bit more muscle gain. But what if you're wrong? What if your actual maintenance calories are 3,200? Now you're at a 50 calorie surplus, the fuck per day, what are you crazy? You're gonna gain weight in like two years, you'll be five pounds bigger or some crazy shit like that, fuck that. So it turns out that you have to measure your weight for two weeks straight, and then you notice on your measurements like, yeah, I'm definitely not in a surplus. That happens to me all the time. I used to think my maintenance was 3,500 calories. I ate at 4,000 calories for weeks, and my weight just dropped, and I was like, what the fuck? And then I realized my maintenance at the time was like, like at 41,50. Oh my God, say I ate like 4,600 calories for months, which was awful by the way, just really sick of food, but it worked. I didn't find out it worked until three, like my four weeks into the process. Can you imagine if I only did many bucks and be like, well, got two weeks left, actual bucking? I did four weeks of the equivalent of like, if you're going out of trip on a plane, it was just four weeks of just taxing on the runway. And then finally, two weeks of actual flying, like what? That's insane. Thought about it, take it to New Year on the World Flight for six weeks. It has actually most of that in airports. That's nonsense. So it takes a while to figure things out. And it's not helped by the fact that if you exit a fat loss phase and begin a bulk, you get this water transition stuff. You gain like 5, 10 pounds in the first three days, just for extra body water, no, fuck yeah, I'm in a surplus, maybe not, you might still be at maintenance. They're just fat loss to maintenance, automatically piles on a bunch of body water. Because that body water takes, and just like a week or maybe two weeks to settle in, you have an inherent, giant fraction of your mini bulk that is a totally like black box opaque process. You don't even know if you're bulky. If you have eight to 16 weeks, you get through those first two or three weeks and then you know you're on track and you point the arrow of gain directly at the target because now you know where to point it and now you know where to point. And then the next 14 weeks of bulking are like beautifully executed with precision. Here's another benefit. Those 14 weeks, you know, three, four, five, six, et cetera. You develop a momentum to bulking. You dial in your daily schedule, weekly schedule of nutrition. You're work out start to really, as they say, body building click. You're getting used to your new leverages. You're getting used to the pumps and the soreness, you're figuring out your volume's really well because all that changes when you go from a fat loss or maintenance and toe ball. Now you're start gaining strength. And because you've been doing the same exercises for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks, you're getting really grooved in on them. And I don't think they make you stronger but they feel better. They're joints feel better because you're in the right position, your muscles feel better because you're really exposing the muscles. And that kind of momentum and mass gaining is a real thing. So if you're like just getting in the fucking groove, you're like, hell yeah, these workouts are feeling good. I'm getting stronger. I've got my eating figure out. I know what a surplus is. And I have a week left of ballking left. That's so stupid. That's like a party that's just getting fun and that runs like all right. Tracy's growing up in the bathroom. Everyone has to leave. She hates it when she's growing up and she doesn't want anyone around. The fuck is Tracy. I'm here for Sandy's party. Like Tracy's a roommate. You gotta go on. Fuck this. I'm still party. Call the police. Of course, the police come. Be with Patons. Here's a party you idiot throw me in jail. Happens every Monday. But it sucks to leave a party. When it's really fun, don't leave the ballking party until you've had a good time. Like when is it good to leave a party? When just when you first notice, it's like, that as fun as it was. And you're like, the good times are coming back. It's two 30 in the morning, everyone's too tired. Then you leave. That's how you leave a bulk. When like, you know, it starts to be like, I'm getting a little too much fat and my training's kind of stale now now you leave. But that's eight, 12, 16 weeks in a bowl. The shirt is not six. Let me tell you guys about the RP high-perrophy app with over 28 preset programs already in the app. You can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they were written by a personal. This app programs everything for you. Exercises weights, sets, reps, frequency, the whole thing. After every single workout, and every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now you're pretty interested in the app, download the RP high-perrophy app today. You could say okay, fine. But we can rush a fat loss phase by simply losing more per week than normal. If I don't want to lose half a percent per week, I can lose one or even 1.25 percent per week in a mini cut. And get the same tissue loss in a few weeks, six weeks, that I would get in maybe nine weeks with a conventional fat loss phase. And I don't have to lose muscle. And they know what that's totally true. If you can survive it, it totally works. The problem is it doesn't work in reverse for muscle gaining, for bulking. There's a speed at which you can gain muscle. And if you take the surplus and multiply it by two, the muscle you gain per unit of time, doesn't multiply it by two. It multiplies by 1.25 or so. And guess where the remainder comes from? Extra fat, a ton of extra fat. So if you say, okay, look, I'm not going to bulk for six weeks at a slow pace. I'm going to bulk for six weeks at a fast pace. And thus, whatever it takes you idiots, 16 weeks to gain, your boy is going to gain it in six. It is actually totally possible. But the it is tissue. And the fraction of that tissue that's muscle is way lower if you try to gain it in six weeks, then if you try to gain it in 16, because muscle is slow to pile on. And it works, but it just takes time. So if you construct a bunch of tissue with a huge calorie surplus in six weeks, most of that tissue is going to be fat. And then like, you're going to be like, hey, I got their fast in the new idiots. And they're like, yes, you are successfully fat or really quick. You're like, yeah, but wait, wait, move's wait, whatever. Whatever. Whatever you have to tell yourself is you cry yourself, just leave it like grabbing your own newly fat titties. Woo, fat titties. My titties are lean right now that didn't feel good. I want that tits, God damn it. In any case, if you don't want giant, that man titties don't rush, right? 0.25% to 0.5% of your body weight per week is the golden zone of muscle gain. So you feel like fuck it, I'll just gain it per cent every week unless it's post show. And you're intentionally trying to get fat or don't do it. Don't rush, and there's a mini ball because of bad idea. And to be completely honest folks, where does mini ball can get most of its, not adherence, but interest from. And I'll tell you straight up, and this is not politically correct, but it's just true. I have a whole channel called, this is not politically correct, but it's just true. Most of the people interested in mini ballics are just fat-phobic, with the very normally afraid of gaining body fat. And they would be better served with the psychological calm and lessons learned and toughness that an eight to 16 week muscle gain phase would have, but it just gained at 0.25% per week. I mean, yeah, it might mean that after 16 weeks, you've only gained like six to eight pounds. And like four of those are muscle, and three to four of them, two to four pounds of fat. Let's say it's three pounds of fat that you gained. Did you do a three week mini cut, and all that fat is gone? It's all of your worrying about I'm gonna get super fat after three weeks of mini cutting exactly after your bulk ends, your back to the same body fat except now you have a net, whatever, four pounds were muscle than you did. And while you're gaining it, one quarter of a percent of your body weight per week, during that bulk, there's not a time in which your friends are like, dude, no offense, bro, we even friends for a long time, but like, you're fat. It's disgusting. I don't wanna be out in public with you anymore, it's embarrassing. This is not gonna happen, because it's so subtle only you can tell. But for the fat phobic folks, it's always only they can tell. And I feel that, it sucks. So if you're fat phobic, I would recommend still gain for longer, but just gain only at a quarter of a percent. You will find that it's quite pleasant. Everything's harmonious and smooth, and there's no reason to freak out. Because freaking out and doing many bucks and taking away your ability to get really jacked over time with full eight to 16 week long, mask any phases. Doing that is, as I'm a Schwarzenegger with no doubt say, bullshit, but get out of here and go bulk for real, raise the bulk for years and end, nine. See you guys next time.