Hey, folks, Dr. Mike here for Assault's Pair Disation. And today's BS topic is food pairing. What the, you want us to eat all the foods by themselves? Now, Mike, what is this? Actually, the opposite. So food pairing is very common in religious circles. For example, if you are Muslim and you eat according to the rules that determine what is Hatham and Hala, then Hala has some things about what you can eat together and what you can't. And some things you can't eat at all. Almost identical, just kidding. Very very frighteningly similar rules to the Jewish religion. Cosher food has all kinds of stuff. You're not supposed to pair one food with your milk, and meats are supposed to pair and not supposed to have in the same time when Christians do lent. There are some food pairings that are not allowed. And you're actually supposed to take a food group and take it away altogether and stuff like that. So it's very common in religious circles, but it actually has been seen in nutrition circles. For example, and this is the tab. This is not a religious video. I just want to point out that food pairing is a thing that exists in another realm that has nothing to do with nutrition, really. If you think about it, here are some things that are actually advocated by people in the nutrition community, not to say qualified nutritionists, actually to say the very opposite. One qualified nutritionists, or people that aren't nutritionists really, it just people that say things, will say things like proteins and carbs, digest, better by themselves than if you pair them. I actually have, I was at a hangout, a picnic, that my parents had with their friends and older folks, and they were in their 60s at the time, and I had a lady sit me down and be like, you know things, yes, you're sort of an expert. I was like, yeah, why not? And she's like, I'm doing this great diet. And now that I know nutrition too, you and I can talk and we know things and I was like, oh, okay, cool with the diet. Like, she's like, well, I know I know now that the enzymatic environment in the stomach and the intestines is so different between digesting proteins and carbs that I have all of my carbs separately in meals and all of my protein separately, social have like some whole grain bread and some fruit in one meal. Not what I would call a meal, that's like, where is the meat at? And then she would have like in a slice of fish or something like that in another meal. And then the next meal would be again, some carbs and the next meal again, some protein. So she was doing that fun conversation because she was like, this is good, yes, and I was like, actually you would be surprised that this is all nonsense. And then they said it slightly more politely, but not by much. I've heard people say don't eat fruits and vegetables in the same meal because there's some kind of interference effect. And something I used to do in fall for is don't eat both high carb and high fat in the same meal. Because you see the carbs, they raise the insolence and the insulin is very bad. And they make you fat fat, but not if you don't eat fat. But if you eat fat with the high carbs, the insulin from the high carbs takes the fat and smashes it into your fat cells and you become fat forever and people make fun of you. Then you have nobody to talk to, but you can eat ice cream and so it's a self-fulfilling prophecy until you die of obesity, 700 pounds, precisely three days after you start. So don't do it. And I used to avoid this as well. Now here's the deal. All those three things I just said, it's all total bullshit. The religious stuff, respect. You do your thing, religious freedom is amazing thing. But if it's not religious, you're going to have to justify it. Because religion justifies things on faith, dope, end of discussion, total respect. Nutrition, people will ask you, is this a religious thing? And they would know, no, no, no, something that we figured out works. Oh, okay. Why? And what follows is usually a descent and timidness because there is no why. Let me prove my point. Proteins and carbs are just better by themselves than together. Almost everyone who tries to do this kind of diet is trying to lose weight. If you are able to digest your food better, you actually take more of the food, pass it through your GI tract, and more of it gets to your body's cells, including the fat cells. If you had a condition whereby you were unable to digest food, very well or at all, untreated celiac disease, if you have lots of gluten, is that thing? I don't know if you guys know anyone with untreated celiac disease, but they usually weigh like 100 pounds. Because all the food that goes in, it goes right back out. It goes mostly undigested. That is a recipe for extreme weight loss and inability to gain weight. So if you claim that a diet enhances the digestion of the foods that you're eating, maybe you're interested in gaining weight, cool. I know bodybuilders that are very concerned when they're putting on a ton of bulk, they're like, I have to make sure my digestion's good, which is a good, legit, a good point, because if you're pooping out all the food, you're eating good God, you'll never gain weight. These people, though, that do these diets, they wanna lose weight, and they're like, my digestion's better. It's like, maybe the opposite of what you want. It's not just a say that you want bad digestion, but if oops, by accident, you poop out half the food you eat, your life just became a lot easier. You're trying to make things harder. Good news for you, it doesn't work. Buy themselves and together, almost all the nutrients you can eat as a human, get digested almost completely either way, 97% efficiency. But for a couple of weird situations where you're allergic to something or something doesn't fit, or you just eat way too much of it, and then your digestion's like, fuck that, I'm passing it all the way through, but for rare circumstances, carbs alone, carbs, plus protein, carbs, protein fat, you're just gonna digest and absorb all that anyway. And there is no upside. But there's a huge downside. And the downside is you're wasting your time destroying your quality of life by disassembling your meals needlessly into different sub-fractions. Like you go to restaurant friends and you're like, oh, I love this chicken risotto. I'm gonna have to get the chicken separately and then the risotto separately. The waiter's like, yeah, okay, all right, that sucks. I guess you're like, yep, that trying to get lean. So you know, proteins and carbs, they don't, they don't, you know? And the waiter's like, yeah, yeah, sure don't. Give me 10 minutes. I'll give you your pathetic plate of everything and separate so you can save something for later. Kind of nonsense is that. Don't eat fruits and veggies in the same meal. Why? Why? Or to quote Christian Bale, why not? There's no, there is no good theoretical reason and absolutely no empirically validated reason and there's no practical reason. It's just make belief. Like, and the bird of proof is on those people that say that to give us a substantial amount of either logic or evidence or at least some like, hey, if some fucking will get some before and after is going. And then if you get those going, the first critique is like, well, didn't you just eat healthier altogether? They're like, well, yeah, how do you know that? It isn't what did it. I don't know. It's the fruits and veggies not together. It's the acidic and whatever. Non-sense comes out of that. And what about the high carbs with high fats? Isn't that bad? Well, if you have high carb plus high fat, you just have more calorie. So number one way that works well is if you tell yourself I'm not gonna consume foods that have both high fats and high carbs at the same time, you've eliminated almost every high calorie food. Cookies gone, pizza gone, ice cream gone, cake gone, tattino's pizza rolls gone, what? Sorry, nobody takes tattino's pizza rolls out of my, you pry them out of my cold dead hands. But all of a sudden, I can't eat them. So yeah, I don't get as fat. But isn't there something molecularly chemically, hormonally, a good fix there? No, because you get a lot of insulin secretion quite quickly, if you exclusively amel of carbs. Okay, insulin, yeah, lots of it. It will, if there's fat present, will cause that fat to be analyzed to some extent into a fat sauce. Quarkey thing that happens, which has been known in nutritional science for 180 years, is that when you have lots of fat enemy with carbs, it takes the glycine index, the rapidity of insulin response, it lowers it all the way down to like what brown rice and apples are. So if you have a simultaneous high carb and high fat meal, the glycine index is incredibly low, which means insulin slowly reaches out, which means like nothing special happens that's very insulinurgic or very fat game promoting. If it's also protein in that meal, then it's just like a great antibiotic feast that makes your body more jacked over the hours that it releases. So the whole idea that this is even possible, just forgets the idea that your insulin dynamics change when you introduce fat to make things less insulinurgic. So it's a self-fixing problem. It's not a problem. And if you get people to be like, I'm just trying to avoid highly-seem the index foods, man, that's what causes fat gain, bullshit, by the way. And they're like, yeah, like, I can't have treats and stuff. You're like, I just looked at the GI for ice cream and it's 17. Okay, here glucose is 100. Brown rice is like 40. So you can definitely have ice cream. And they're like, well, no, cause I had a sugar in it, you're like, if fruit does has a GI of like 15 or something, by itself, dick would get but like, right, they just don't know. They just don't know these things, so then they make them. Let me tell you guys about the RP hypertrophy app with over 28 preset programs already in the app. You could choose to make your own. You could modify an existing program or you could just run the programs exactly as they were written by a personal. This app programs everything for you. Exercises weights, sets, reps, frequency, thought-hole thing. After every single workout, and every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now, you're pretty interested in the app, download the RP hypertrophy app today. Grouping secular food in arbitrary ways is pointless. And here's the worst part. Like I sort of said before, it intentionally inconveniences your clients if you're in a nutrition coach and you tell them to do that. And if you're doing it yourself, it intentionally inconveniences you, making your diet adherence lower on average. Because if you think splitting up your carbs and proteins is the way to get healthy, that's what you've chosen as your sort of vector for health. As your salient through the battlefield of health, then once you get really sick of doing that, and it obviously isn't helping anymore than anything else would, you have a pretty high probability of being like, now you know what I was like this. I'm going back normal eating. Where this could have just eaten healthy without any arbitrary rules. And then you just have most of the food you like anyway. You control your portions. You have mostly not junk food and some junk every now and again. It's an awesome balance thing. You can sustain forever. But if you make arbitrary weird rules that destroy your quality of eating, all of your friends go to restaurant, you can't come, your family, through the home, you have to split it up. It's nuts. And it's so inconvenient, you're probably gonna do it last and you're probably gonna fail. And human beings, if they fail at something enough times, they get kind of dejected. We have probably dozens of millions of Americans if not hundreds. Thousands of millions of people, for sure hundreds of millions of people across the world that have tried a bunch of these fads, stupid wacky diets that don't work, inevitably failed with them and are just checkboxing failure in their brain over and over each time they fail a diet. After a while your brain learns like, dieting, not for me, I will fail. So I stopped trying and then the obesity epidemic continues. So make sure to diet rationally, logically. If you guys wanna learn how to diet, we have fat loss dieting made simple series. We have a healthy eating made simple series. You're just Google them, shit's the right on YouTube, enjoy watching them. It's like an eight part series, each video is a gate minutes long. And you'll know everything basic and effect of the rest of know about losing fat, gaining muscle and being healthy. And you can save all this other bullshit. And just take the word bullshit and just let the people who say it best say it, which is to say Arnold, which is to say, BUSHED, NINE, CULATER.