If I'm stuck to my ear for NSW, I have a question for you. Hopefully you can let me answer. I let me answer your good. Start out on off-grade. Don't edit this, Scott. I want all the mistakes in. Help me answer a question. Should you be rounding your lower back when you're trying to train for results, getting stronger, getting more muscular, but minimizing injury risk? Good question. And you will hear two opposing sides that are quite vociferous in this debate, so it's me. Also, I want to introduce you to some technical nomenclature in the field so that you know how to save these things properly and real life. I'm going to teach you a few words in Jewish. That's the right, not Hebrew, Jewish. And you may call it lower back, but actually it's pronounced just like something you would do to a pie. Oh, there's a lot of broads I could go down there, I wouldn't end well. Bake. Oh, my bake! That's how you say it. So when I say bake later, I'm not saying bake a cake. I'm saying the lower part of your body, which gets height. What is height? It's hurt. It's when you're injured. Yes, there's a whole world here. You may not know if you ever, unfortunately, travel to Brooklyn, then you can learn to, you already know how speak the native tongue. And you'll be welcome to the open arms. We're just going to get canceled sooner or later here for this shit. In any case, first sight. And these people really do think they're correct, which is totally cool. Maybe they are. Are the folks that think that rounding your back puts it into an anatomically very high risk position for posterior discarneation? And as you can remember from basic spine anatomy, the intro for people who are disks, sit here and the nerves of the spine sit meh and the herneation back meh, that way really can hurt your bake. You're doing deadlifts and you're round open, you're like, oh, eee! And you feel some shooting pain down the leg. Oh, my legs, I'll never walk again. I know it. Just remember, 15th rule of Judaism as you always knew shit was going to go downhill for you. It was just a matter of time. And if you worried enough, you were going to instantiate it into real life. So that's an interesting opinion and may have some validity to it. And thus, because a rounding of the back can multiply the probability of a posterior in the symptomatic discarneation, causing pain, dysfunction, et cetera, then this school of thought will say that you should stay in neutral spine or even a forced, lordotic arch spine so that, like, look, lordosis, arguably can cause anterior discarneations with the disks shoot forward. But the anterior collateral ligament that sits in front of your spine, like you can probably shoot a gun at it and nothing would happen to it. Your disk sure is fuck won't poke through that. Even if they did, it's all just guts in there. There's no nerve roots or anything. There's no loss of function. And a bunch of people have, like, you right now, probably have a ton of herniations. You just don't know about, because the vast majority of discarneations are actually asymptomatic. So that kind of gels really well with, like, look, just arch your back, minimize this the probability that you're getting a posterior herniation and thus a symptomatic one, though not all posterior are certain, herniations by long-shatter symptomatic. But if you get some anterior ones who give the shit so neutral spine or even better yet lordosis, that's what these people will say. And let's say, because it's especially true with heavy, axially loaded lifting, loading through the spine, like squats and deadlift. Like when she gets heavy, you better fuck him like, just get some fucking, get some bracing going and arch up. Very well. There is another side, an opposite side, a dock side. This is like where wolves are supposed vampires, except was it's got team Edward and team Jacob? Is that his name? David, David. Team Edward, you do that, you're the, the, gee word. Yeah, side number two, the, you know, the first side is the vampire side will call this the where wolf side. The where wolf side thinks this, that, oh, he's got, can we get a thumbnail where it's like vampire versus where wolf? And that's like the browning one has the arched back one has the round of back and amicase. I'm just gonna shut the fuck up. They think that you build resiliency and strength through exposure to all positions that the human body has to offer in their school of thought. There's no such thing as the wrong position. And they don't believe that the analysis of the evidence or theory reveals that there's anything really compelling about rounding the back from an injury probability of perspective. Like yeah, whatever, like round, arch, neutral, like it's all kind of same same. And there's no compelling reason for us to think that one of those positions specifically the rounded one is somehow theoretically or empirically just more likely to cause injury. And they will also say very many times that you should be rounding your back regularly and training. And that will make you stronger in that background or position. Decreasing your probability of getting hurt in that position. Interesting stuff, definitely compelling stuff. So what is my assessment? I sound like fucking Derek Moore plates more dates, but does he have a last name? Does anyone know what his last name is? Just kind of wanted to find out where he shops. And just sort of like just be in the peanut butter and jelly aisle when he goes through and be like, hey, Derek, what are you doing? Why watch your videos? I bet he's tall. I'm still straight. I'm still straight. I'm still straight. In any case, my analysis is as follows. I think that from a base perspective from a prema-facy argument, knowing not a ton of the intricacies, it does seem compelling that probabilistically, a posterior herniation, which is via pretty straightforward by mechanics more likely if you round your back, is probably more likely to be symptomatic and deleterious than an anterior herniation if you sort of overart your back. And probably herniation potential is lowest when you spread the forces evenly through every tuber disks. So neutral spine is likely best. So in really high load exercises, limit five RMR lower or five RMR heavier squats, deadlifts, things like that, I think neutral spine is probably a good default position knowing what the current state of the evidence and conjecture is on hip hinge movements where your targets are the hamstrings, good mornings, stiff leg and bed lifts, et cetera. I actually think it's a good idea to go actively into Lardosis. Arch, your entire back, especially a lower back as much as possible, because that pre stretches the hamstrings and allows you to have to move through a smaller range of motion in order to get an awesome stretch and the pump of your life and a huge hypertrophic yield. So it's not like a safety thing in that particular example. It's more of, we actually arch our back in order to expose the muscle more. Like one of the reasons you retract your shoulder blades for bench pressing as a bodybuilder is to keep your shoulder joint safe, but that's again, that sole compelling what you really are doing is you're pre stretching your pecs. And so same idea here with rounding, we're starting arching to lower back. Training for muscle growth is never going to be the same. And in addition to that, however, so so far, I sound like one of the camp number one type of guys or straight backs only. Straighten up the racks, barines, a bunch of soldiers standing in neutral spine how they should be God dammit. This is America. Right, do subscribe to a very large part of that second school of thought. I do think you should be training your back through positions of full flexion. And because I think just by a small margin, the face value probability of getting quite hurt is a little bit higher in a rounded back situation than it is, and a neutral spine are really arched. Lord God, explain, I think you should at least start training your lower back through spinal flexion and extension dynamically training your spine with lighter work. That's of 10 to 30 repetitions. 30 is a lot, but like at 10 to 20 for sure, even 20 to 30 if that's your gym, in exercises like the barbell flexion row. Cable flexion row, Jefferson curl. That's like where you do the world's ugliest ed lift and just exclusively question mark, style round your back. If you do those movements and you build up your strength over time, you're lower back. First of all, get super, super muscular, super, super strong, and can develop a ton of stability in a variety of movements. So that not only are you practicing very stable, neutral spine, safe lifting, when it's ultra heavy squats in deadlift, but all of a shift a little bit at least outside of that best range, hypothetically best range, when we are under very heavy loads or going close to failure. And then because you've been training your back through dynamic range of motion, actually loaded flexion and extension, through flexion rows, barbell flexion rows, cable flexion rows, all kinds of flexion rows. Hey you, what's your name? Nope, it's flexion row now. Jefferson curls, et cetera. Once we are able to do that, and we've built up a lot of movement competence, strength, and muscularity, if we just so happen to round over in the deadlift, we're not like instantly shooting a fucking inner-repeat bodisc, out of our ass, and being permanently wheelchair bound for forever, we are much more likely to withstand that and not get hurt. Because yes, there are probably more and less injurious ways to lift weights, but also at least in a higher rep setting, working up over time to get heavier, you should be building resiliency in the very likely chance that you get off center and off balance a little bit in some of your lifts. You don't wanna silo yourself and to be in like, okay, if my technique is perfect, everything's great. If my technique goes a little bit, disaster strikes. You wanna have some buffers on, and making your strong, making your lower back, your spinal directors, big and strong, and gnarly, prevents injury, and the probability of getting some nasty spinal injury while doing, that's a 10 to 20 to 30. In the fucking flexion row, is so goddamn tiny, and if it happens, man, you kinda, you're saying, you were gonna hurt your back one way or another. And on that incredibly positive note, I leave you with my best wishes, best of luck. Go out there and get a strong back for the love of God. And as Jordan Peterson says, stand up straight. So why wouldn't you stand up straight? I'm a Terrell-Jumpier, so I see everything.