Hey folks, Dr. Mike Israel here for Renaissance Periodization. Can you outwork a bad diet? Can you still lose tons of fat and get in the shape of your life while eating anything you want as long as you exercise enough? Well, it turns out that's probably bullshit as Arnold Schwarzenegger, bless his heart, would absolutely know out say, let's take a look at why that's BS. First, Herman Ponsor is a G kind of like an exercise anthropologist to some extent. He studied a whole lot of literature. I actually went all around the world, sitting various cultures and their expenditure rates versus their food intake rates. And he found something really, really trippy that humans all around the world have a pretty narrow band of how much physical activity they do. And if you try to take humans and make them do much more physical activity than they used to, for an extended period of time, the amount of energy they have available for daily tasks shrinks so much that all they want to do is sit there and nap and eat and be lazy. So that as you try to do more and more work, let's say you're burning a 3000 calories on average every day and you want to get up to burning 4,000, maybe 4,000 is possible, maybe it's even sustainable. What about 5,000? 5,000 is sustainable, will be almost impossible. 5,500 will be something you can do for like a few days in a row and just like sleep for 12 hours straight and you're basically it's impossible to get you to do much of anything that entire time. So because our physical activity realistically is really hard to push into extreme amounts, it's really unlikely that if your diet is awful and full of absolutely insanely high calorie junk food that you can actually outwork that bad of a diet because here's the big fundamental reason. This is BS training a ton consistently is hard as fuck and because of Herman Ponser's sort of asymptote there, as you get closer to super high levels of exercise that gets harder and harder to sustain, that's a problem. But what about eating a lot of food? That's easiest. How well you guys ever seen that show my 600 pound life? Eating 9,000 calories a day if you just do fast food is tough. But it's not bad tough and for most of us we could probably crank 4,000 calories a day. No problem fast food and junk food and all that super tasty stuff. It adds up so fucking quick the probability that you will out-actressize it is vanishingly small which is also another reason why you almost never see it happen. So here's an example. I put in 30-year-old male 180 centimeter, 80 kilogram, very average figure for a fine gentleman. Sure, it's how not me and any of those things, male, maybe the jury's still out. So how much running at 7 miles per hour? What does it get decent pace? Does it take to burn off the calories of the following foods? 1 apple 7 minutes of jogging. Pretty decent brisk jogging. And that's okay. That's okay. You have 2 extra apples, you run 14 minutes that day, no problem. Hey, looks like you can't out-trained a bad diet. It's not bullshit after all. But hold on. My fuckers aren't getting fat eating apples out here. Do you feel me? 1 large cookie. 15 minutes. Okay, it's 7 miles per hour. That's annoying. How many of you ever have one cookie at a time? Exactly. You'll have 3 of them shit. For sure. 3 cookies. That's 45 minutes of jogging. Bro, every day, are you fucking kidding me? On top of what you normally do? Uh, hold on. This is getting weird. 1 slice of pizza. 1 slice of normal pizza. This is like a reference value slice. You ever can guys ever see the government food indices? That's not a very big piece of pizza. Minimal Minimal toppings, which again, no one ever orders. You would have to be insane to do that. They made toppings for reason. God bless America. 20 minutes at 7 miles per hour to burn that slice off. When the last time you had one slice of pizza, I don't remember. I've ever had one slice of pizza. Bro, it's at least 3. 3 slices of pizza is one hour of running on the treadmill. You guys have been to obscure school parties, office parties, maybe childhood birthday parties. If you had childhood friends, I didn't. And your parents let you leave the house to interact with others, which I also couldn't. You've seen people eat pizza. Little kids will have 3 or 4 slices. Adults will have 5 or 6 slices and an office party just chatting with friends in the course of 20 minutes. And they just bought themselves, oh my god, 6 slices by the way is considered a whole pizza, which is nonsense in my opinion. And a whole pizza, again, minimal toppings, just 6 slices of the smallest fucking pizza you can pretty much get, is 2 hours of running. So when people say, remember, here's the myth. The myth isn't or the bullshit part isn't. This video isn't titled, you can outwork a diet. Yeah, you can outwork a bunch of diet. You can outwork a bad diet. A bad diet means Twinkies, ho-ho's, potato chips, pizza, burgers, all that shit adds up. That's a whole fuckload of running. We can easily see a situation in which the surplus calories that a person generates every day, necessitate that they need to run. They think you can do this in a bunch of different kind of exercise. Although jogging is one of the most efficient ways, time-wise, to burn a ton of calories, you can easily see a situation which a person needs 2 to 4 hours of jogging per day to sustain a terrible diet. Also, when you eat a terrible diet, do you exactly feel like running 2 to 3? Hell no, you feel like sitting around in any more shit. Or at least just sitting around. 2 to 4 hours is an insane amount to run. Elite ultra runners run that much. Dashers, hell isn't me. Yes, sure, as hell isn't most people. Now, yes, you can out eat a not so great diet if a couple of things apply to you. Your output is consistent. You're already involved in endurance sport. You're a triathlete, for example, you swim by grunt and even lift weights, and you do that almost every day that we can drop crap load of exercise. It's something you do. You can have a diet that isn't the worst diet in the world. But it sure has hell, has a couple extra cookies and pizza slices in there. You guys have a hung out with endurance runners. That's exactly how they eat. Mostly healthy and then a simple shit here and there. And I was like, oh, gee, it was two Snickers bars. That's crazy. And they're like, yeah, I ran like 18 fucking miles today. So, still under by a thousand calories. I'm tired of eating. So, I need more Snickers bars. Like there, they make sense. But again, when most people say, yeah, I'm just going to work harder. I don't want to control my diet. Like, so when you become an ultra runner, like, what's that? Like, that's some shit. So tough that you'll never real if I can do it. So most people just can't do this kind of thing. Here's another group of people that can out, out train a bad diet. Again, suspect because a lot of these people, they just don't have a very high appetite. I know a lot of folks, especially back in school when I was in undergrad, I first time sort of living outside of the house other than summer camp, which my therapist says it's not a good idea to discuss at all. Went to college and I made friends with a bunch of people and some of them were very small people and very skinny people. And I was fascinated. I was just like, I have to stay that small and skinny. And I realized like, they wake up in the morning. They're not hungry. They go to class for eight hours. And then they get kind of woozy. So they buy like a protein bar and the eating and they're like, oh, that's great. And they have a monster. And that takes them to most of the rest of the day and they get quote unquote according to them. All truss super hungry at 8 p.m. They go and have tons of sushi, which is two and a half rolls. They get super full and they go to sleep. That's like a thousand calories. And I'm like, how the fuck do you maintain how do you not go nuts and try to eat your own hand on that? And I don't know. And you watch the meat and then the moment you go to sushi so good, then I'll even put it on social media. hashtag I love sushi. I can eat an infinity of these rolls eight, three. Get out of here. All right. If you're that person, is that exactly challenging for you to out of your, or out train your diet, so you don't eat that much food, the people mostly that are interested in this, not controlling their diet, but doing more exercise, they have an overeating problem. They're almost never going to be able to out-act exercise because their problem is really, really big. Another one is some people just tend to really healthy on average. Some people just like feed healthy. I mostly do. I have a few friends that like when they're like on vacation with my wife and I, they'll be like, oh, here we go. Here's time for fun foods and they'll eat like a giant salad. I'm like, oh, this is it. You could eat anything you wanted and in a salad, you chose a salad. They're like, oh, yeah, we'll get crazy tonight. They'll eat like some fruits and some like frozen yogurt. I'm put the fuck where I cheat. I'm diving pizza into my shit. I don't need anything. You even go through my mouth. Some people just eat super healthy. Then they, you know, you'll talk to them and they'll be really lean in muscular and they say, hey, do you watch what you eat? And they're like, no, not really. I just eat whatever I want. And I go, my god, like, but you train a lot that I train all the time. And I see they're out eating. They're out training. They're bad diet. It's a habit to diet. It's not that bad. It's easy to assume that everyone's diet would be just like yours if you were in charge. But a lot of people eat weight healthier than you. So if you think, oh, that's okay. I train my diet. You could out train their diet, but you wouldn't want to eat their diet because you'd get more a shit on it. You would quit eating, you know, a couple of days. Lastly, you're just lucky as hell. Your metabolism is a shit. Some combination of appetite regulation and body heat, not exercise activity thermogenesis. You can just tend to move a lot. You're the kind of person that just like, where output is really high, it takes not that high. And when you just don't track anything, you're in great shape. And you say, oh, I just work out a lot. It works for me. For a lot of people, it doesn't. And remember, again, your diet's probably not that bad. For most of us who do not fit into these very tiny categories, this idea of out training, your shitty diet is highly suboptimal. If you want to lose maximum amount of fat and keep it off, your best serve in doing this establishing a decent, but not unsustainable, level of physical activity, moderate, maybe moderate to high. Lots of good weight training, some good cardio, good daily physical activity, 10,000 to 14,000 steps, something like that. And you hold that pattern. And you take your dog shit diet. And you take the fucking junk food mostly outer holy out. You reduce some of the fats in a little bit of the carbs. And now your diet has generated a big deficit for you. Moderate activity, diet used to be shit. We don't want to bump our activity here. We won't sustain it. So we stay here and we take our diet down here on solid, not insane daily deficit over the course of multiple weeks. Ta-da. You're super lean. That's the best way to do it. That's the best way to accomplish results. Not saying, hey, I don't even want to look at my diet. I don't give a fuck what my diet is. I'm just going to do exercise really hard. In most cases, it's not going to work because in most cases, it's bullshit. See you guys next time.