You take one drug. You lose 20% of your fat mass and gained 3 to 4% muscle mass from one drug with no diet and training in the mix. That's totally insane. And so the visible physique changes you get from this and the health changes are way even more impressive than just regular weight loss alone, which is wild. Sounds to good to be true. It isn't. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. And I'm going to ask you a question. Who is he at the end with the ZDO? No, I'm kidding. No, no more Arnold today. Maybe a little bit more. But is it possible to have your cardio and your lifting come from a syringe? What? Maybe. Let's find out. So today's topic is to investigate the drug class called active and antagonists. I know that's a lot, but I can explain. These are antibodies, functionally. They are molecules that are engineered to basically take another molecule that's floating around. For example, the active molecule. And active in has a receptor that it's going to. And if it gets to that receptor, it shuts down or reduces muscle growth. Active and antagonists work in a few ways. One of the most common is they hook onto that molecule and then it no longer can clip into that receptor. They take it right out of the equation before it ever hits that receptor. And if that receptor doesn't get hit and that receptor is called the act R2 receptor, then muscle growth continues at a much higher rate than normal because normally in your body. Active and levels are quite high. After lifting heavy weights, they fall a little bit and they come back up just like mouse stat levels. If you take these drugs and you take enough of them that half of your activins just don't get to where they're going, you experience constant muscle growth as a default state of your body doing nothing else. And because this muscle growth is constantly happening, it takes a crap load of calories in the form of making more ATP to power the molecular machines that grow muscle. And thus you are burning a crap load of calories in your muscles to build muscle. Or evolution designed us in such a way that we have these caps to muscle growth, specifically to spare calories so that we don't spend all of our calories on muscle growth and have not enough calories taken for organs, our brain, walk around, plant decisions, build buildings and do all the other survival things that we do as humans. So that's good, but now that we're living in an environment with tons of calories are coming around from the grocery store, from the fast food restaurant, if you take these active and signals and you mute them, you get more muscle growth at a huge calorie expense. Clinical infusions, which means you go and they put a needle into your vein through the IV and you just sit there for 30 minutes and get the drug pumped into you, all of a prototype drug called, and how names these, Bemagramab, say that five times fast, raised daily energy expenditure by 200 calories in people with obesity. Zero diet change, zero physical activity change. What we're saying here is the muscle growth process that was initiated and a few of the other health promoting processes, these drugs initiate or allow to happen because they unblock them, cost 200 calories per day, which is a lot of calories per day, and in upper weeks and weeks that's a crap load of fat burning, I don't get to how much fat burning in just a little bit. Here's another crazy thing. This act our two pathway is upstream of insulin and leptin, and thus you get fat oxidation, you get fat burning without the hunger rebound or the energy decline, seen in pure caloric restriction, kind of your body's just none the wiser for it. And it's like, wow, muscle sure are working hard, and it doesn't make any other adjustments seemingly. And more good news, early data are showing that the fat burned in these processes is preferentially visceral intrup dominal fat, stuff that's really bad for your health and how it makes you have a poochy gut, and it's also deeper subcutaneous fat, and so the visible physique changes you get from this, and the health changes are way even more impressive than just regular weight loss alone, which is wild. And active and signaling, the thing these things block. Typically limits what's called brown fat activity, and brown fat is the types of fat cells that are always burning through the other fat. White fat is basically fat that just kind of chills there and doesn't do nearly as much. It's a lot of hormone stuff, but it's not really burning its fat at home. If you reduce active and exposure in the body, which these drugs do, you now convert more of your fat cells to brown fat like behavior. So your fat just starts burning, it does not stop. Now, normally, the act our two receptor complex tells muscle fibers to cap their growth. If you block the activity at that receptor by just eating up all of the stuff that was going to go activate it, you allow protein synthesis to outpace breakdown even on a diet, direct trials. Guys, this is going to blow your mind. Direct trials report, lean mass gains of three to four percent, while at the same time the subject's lost more than 20 percent of their fat mass over the course of like a year. Let's see about that for a second. You take one drug. You lose 20 percent of your fat mass in gained three to four percent muscle mass from one drug with no diet and training in the mix. That's insane. That's totally insane. GLP one drugs can't do this by themselves, not even close. And the really good thing is that more muscle mass means a higher resting energy expenditure than if you had lost that muscle mass, it keeps the whole machine rolling along. Potentially athletes coming back from injury, people taking time off, can take a drug like this and just not lose any muscle while they're chilling and rehabbing their knee, come back and get into sport way faster. Sounds too good to be true. It isn't. But there are some side effects we have to talk about. Generally, this class of active in inhibitors is very or active in antagonists is very well tolerated. However, this is introduced by either subcutaneous or usually IV injection. There's mild flu like symptoms, sight aches, it's a thing injecting is a thing by itself. Some subjects in rare cases have seen transient elevations in hemoglobin and hematocrit, a lot of red blood cells. We'll talk about how to basically manage those side effects in a bit. And some people even kind of have low grade nosebleaves and a development of skin capillaries closer to the skin that give like a red like texture. It's not dangerous, but it's cosmetic. And very rarely, some people have very high liver enzyme increases. Not crazy, but higher than you would like. Standard with many biologic treatments, one of this is a biologic chemical. And so it's a thing. Quite rare, but it's a thing. So how do we manage these side effects potentially? You want to rotate injection sites as soon as this thing is out for commercial use. It's going to be injectable. It's not going to be IV and I'm going to be drawing IVs yourself. It's going to be intramuscular subcutaneous. Really, there's not a lot of problems with that. It's annoying, but not a big deal. Another thing is you have to get blood work regularly to make sure your blood values are good for red blood cells. He may go. You might have to do philobotomy if you're one of these rare responders that gets a lot of hemoglobin from this. The redness of the skin is cosmetic effect. You could do laser therapy if you like, but a lot of times just stopping for a while fixes the whole problem. Liver panels, again, blood work will fix all that. You come off of your liver panels are not so good. And a really good thing that ties these in with a lot of other modern weight loss drugs is there was no serious reports of hypoglycemia and something that's unique about this drug. No GI distress. The modern weight loss drugs, semaglataid, trisapatide, they still come with some GI distress. semaglataid a lot. Chersapatide weight less, but still some. This had no seemingly no GI distress reported whatsoever, which is such a big deal. If you think about this, this doesn't affect your appetite. Razor Caliburton increases muscle mass, it decreases fat mass, but it doesn't have any GI distress. Maybe we can combine it with another chemical like trisapatide for one crazy effect. Now before combining it, what would you expect from typical doses of durations in fat loss and maybe muscle gain if you combine it with a 500 calorie deficit? Because honestly, how will you guys use this when it comes out on like 2027? You're going to use it, we're all fitness people. You're going to be in a great diet, a little bit of a deficit to burn fat. You're going to be resistance training and eating super well. How is it going to affect you then? So far, a Bamagram and about 400 milligrams IV check this out. Every four weeks. Scott, you ever have to take a drug that you take only once every four weeks? No, that's freaking awesome. It's freaking awesome. It's insane. Every four weeks for 24 to 38 weeks. So it's sorry, 24 to 48 weeks. So we're talking about less than a year, something like a year and a half, something like 6 to 9 months. That's the protocol that delivered a four inch smaller waistline on the average person in the study. And a 20% total of their fat mass reduction. Okay, so that means basically if you have 20% body fat, after that you have 16% body fat. So you lost 20% of your body fat. And the average person, by the way, these people did train. They lost about, oh, gee, is three to four. Good God lost. They gained three to four pounds of muscle during the first three months. While eating at a sub-maintenance diet. But not lifting weights. So if we're talking about folks that are lifting weights and eating well and eating plenty of protein and having a calorie deficit, you could expect with the introduction of an active antagonist like the Magna Ramp, realistically at clinically tested dosages, an increase over about 12 weeks of several pounds of muscle, and a decrease of potentially an extra pound of fat per week on top of what your deficit burns. That's insane. And remember, no rebound hunger or low energy or any of that stuff. It's kind of free fat loss, which is really insane. Now, some evidence suggests that after about 69 months we're getting dementia returns, that's a good time to pull it out. Spend some time off of it, then recycle it back in, just like with most drugs. No big deal. Now, here's the real crazy thing. We have this Magna Ramp drug that's on its way out in a few years, it'll be out. What if we combine it with a modern weight loss drug like Trisapatide? Because Trisapatide slashes your appetite. You're allowed to consume way fewer calories and you feel just fine doing it. The active and blockade guards muscle and lifts calorie burn. Two things. So we have fewer calories coming in. We have some of those calories being stolen from muscle growth. And then we have calories even extra burned for that muscle growth from your body fat stores. If already tested this exact combo in two trials, these trials have awesome acronyms. One is the belief trial and one is the courage trial. That's actually what they're called. And these combined the Magna Ramp with a Wagovi, which is Ozzempic, a Samadletite. All right. That led to 22% fat loss versus 16% fat loss with Ozzempic alone. And 90% of that was pure fat. So we're talking about shaving the degree of muscle loss on Ozzempic by 70%. Just at those small doses of Bermagma. So if you were to die at a little bit more slowly, because this is one hell of a time, and you were to take a little bit more Bermagma, you were almost guaranteed in most cases to lose tons of fat and lose absolutely no muscle at all. That's insane. That's next level. And this combo therapy did even better for anti diabetic outcomes. Even more A1C, which is a long term marker of how good your blood glucose is, A1C felt even more with this, which is such a huge deal. So trials for Bermagma, Tresapatite combo, are now in phase three and actively recruiting. Scott, you better send a message to someone. I'm out. I need this. And FDA filing, which means ready to sell to public, could happen in 2027 if all the safety data holds up. That's intense. But there's more to say about the future. Next generation subcutaneous versions are already in development. These are half-life extended ligand traps. Okay? So what does that mean? Self-injection. At home, you don't have to go to an infusion. Every six to eight weeks. And it has all the same effects. I don't even know what to say anymore about this. There's supplements you take twice a day. This thing you inject every six to eight weeks. And it just keeps working better and better over months and months and months. That's why. Still other delivery methods are in the works. There are in pre-clinical trials right now. Or a small molecule act R2 blockers. So active and antagonists. That means that you just take a pill and it does all the same thing. No more injections. And the first human trials of these are a little bit far off. That's probably going to happen more like 2027, 28. So maybe a 2030 release for those. A lot of this is going to speed up with AI. I'm not so optimistic about regulatory deadlines. So it's a face to say it's in the works to just have this in a pill. But not to be outdone. Scientists even have a patch in the works that detects your muscle growth rate. It has muscle protein sensors under the skin in the skin patch. And adjusts the amount of drug you get when you're on a diet to keep your muscle in check. Because here's the thing. All of us watching the channel pretty much. We want us much of a Magra Mab is probably doesn't kill us. Maybe even a little bit extra just for good measure. But most people what they want is just to be able to lose fat from their Trezzapotide without losing any muscle. And for them, this patch automatically adjusts how much it's secretes to keep your muscle the same size, which is so dope. So now people will be able to use Trezzapotide and be like, This is not going to lose any muscle as long as I have my patch on, which is unbelievable. Now very long term and already this is actually in the works and being tested in some capacity are genetic alterations for myostam and active and just to silence those permanently. And then you get one genetic alteration and depending on which one you get, you just kind of grow two times more muscle given any stimulus than normal. You eat protein, you grow two times more muscle, you train with weights, you grow two times more muscle, then you normally would give it everything else. I mean, that's truly why that'll be a 20 30 type of thing or a very late 20 20 type of thing most optimistically. But for now, this stuff is in the works in as early as 20 27 real humans may have access to this. It's not that far away. Scott, that's a year and a half away. So sick. So sick. Say what? So soon. So soon. Amaze? Now, let's talk about how you would use something like this, ethically morally. I hate the framing of drugs versus diet and training. It's not how it works at all. Diet and training are core. They're super important. They're the foundation. And then drugs are optional on top of that to enhance your abilities. And here's the thing, if you just take the drugs, you're spending a lot of money and getting a lot of GI side effects because a shit diet makes your GI real terrible on these drugs. For like good results. But if you do diet and training plus drugs, you get phenomenal results with even better health. And even fewer side effects. Now, I'm sold on that. That sounds real good to me. More and more over the next five years. Drugs will be so much more powerful and so much safer that using them responsibly is going to become more and more of a good idea. It's going to shift from, oh, I don't know, to huh, that's interesting to know. Some of my friends are using it to like, I'm going to try it to like, oh, when I die it, I use these drugs because that's just kind of what you do. In the longer term, adding drugs will take your physique to places safely that diet and training alone never could. And if you want to go to those places, I think that's why I think it sounds really exciting. And up until that point and through that point, we at RP will be here diligently keeping you up to date on what's hype, what's real and what's evolving in the far more world so that you can know how to diet. How to train RP, hypertrophy and diet coach app, by the way, and hit, and wink, wink, and can description. And you'll be able to leverage all of the pharmaceutical enhancements that you want. Now that you don't, to get your best possible results because remember, it's not diet and training versus drugs. It's everything that can help you in a safe long term. We're going to keep providing you with that information. Are you excited for active and antagonists? Let us know in the comments and we'll see you next time.