Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Here's another episode of BS. I'm gonna say the real world word. A shout-up Scott to video guy. Motherfucker. We're keeping all this in, yeah? It's like we're doing the this whole channel together. Remember this is just me. I'm Dr. Mike. It's my show. Where were we? Carnivore is the healthiest diet. I'm likely to be true. Why? Here's the thing. Some people have gone to the Carnivore diet because they have crazy food sensitivities or allergies and maybe too lots of common foods and maybe too lots of plant foods. And the Carnivore diet has essentially been in a lamination diet for them. And as caused them nearly or 100% symptom relief. And that's awesome. You just got some shitty dice roll in your way. You got to do what you got to do. Two people that come to mind on that is Jordan Peterson. And McKayla Peterson is that his daughter's name and Kale Pearson. And I think they both do like an all-meat diet and it works for them and they've tried other diets and it was just like their bodies were falling apart. Let's have total respect. It is what it is. But for the rest of us, and I don't mean us since I'm just them to the rest of us, for most people, almost all human. Veggies, fruits, whole grains and healthy plant fats, like olive oil, etc. Can be super health boosting parts of our diets. And the research confirming this is monumental. One of the worst things in the world to see is when you got like a crazy psychotic carnivore advocate that's trying to hashtag science. He's having your read the studies on anti-nutrients, shot the fuck up. Well, the fuck are you read to studies yesterday? There's a first two studies you're read your life. Do you know how much research exists on how healthy fruits, veggies, whole grains and healthy fats are for you? Oh my god, dreams it would fill textbooks. It is just not a cogent thing to say that everyone should be eating only meat. Some people for special circumstances absolutely. Many people, if they want to live a life, and also a pretty healthy way, and they're supplementing some fiber, maybe getting a greens powder in there, and if you've edges here and there. But mostly eating animal products, that's totally a fine way to live, and it's pretty healthy. Not the healthiest, but it's totally cool. And if that's your jam, that's your jam. But pretending that it's the healthiest diet forever is she was there's a term for that. But let me make it in another way. This will be a short asked video. Before you start eating only cows, remember that the bulls can be eaten too, and so can their shit. Bullshit. Now listen to Arnold, stop it, stop with this carnivore. You've got to eat your veggies and you drink your milk and your beer. That word has no art in it. beer. I'll see you guys next time.