I think there's three videos now of you trying to do my fucking accent that are floating on the internet Well, and they get progressively worse That's because you're living in Vegas too long in your accent starts to sound like one of these fucking casino epic methods Mother fucker listen you tell us who's got a better flex accent me flex Lewis or Flex Lewis which ones which maybe I got me a shave no more out here Lost a bit muscle for this one Okay, we'll pencil in the beard you get into that fucking dragon's layer You do fucking fan in our we fucking take somebody is the best you're fucking eyes This is fucking way of not condone any of this language welcome to the dragon's there no race a pledge will be you But maybe Ha Mike Jared PhD I FVB fro and then it's Jimmy for no no bicycle no human no car no bus bigger House I knew it was a common object that you would see in the neighborhood But large and in fact Jimmy is really large. It's really intimidating stand next to him for a few reason I'll tell you life first of all Look at them ears. How many years man some kind of childhood accident fell off a bike in a really weird way on both years radiation Yeah, excellent fell off a bike into a cool irradiation But as he floated through the pull of radiation he got a ton of training in juditsu and it was awarded various belt rings He has actually a black belt in Brazilians you'd see the real deal. He has 205 pounds currently roughly thereabouts and the most I will swear yet messed up thing YouTube algorithm the most messed up thing about this Is that to my incredible ego pain this gentleman is drug free As our power three of us what you did with my best that two hundred you're 720 740 pound that lifter black belt Yikes so usually what I do in my head is like I'm like I have to be better than everyone I mean Literally like you know like out of the shell So I give myself all sorts of excuses like but hold up but he's running more gear than me, right? So he's a drug addict he's gonna dice in none of that which is bullshit Before I go to the bathroom I thought I could cry and masturbate to make everything feel okay Crystery Christy make you guys know about a lot of you do and I know you do Before we do that we are gonna hook Jimmy up with an unbelievable back workout because his back is big RP style will be doing pull ups will be doing pull downs. Hey shit They should we're not gonna be doing all you did every single exercise in the gym tune in this workout that you'd be four hours long hit it Here's the exercise folks Jimmy is going to be doing Pull ups of various heights The first thing he's gonna be doing is pull ups that touch right to the chest So I'm gonna require more of a back arch each rep counts when his chest touches the bar When he's no longer able to do that the owner switches to getting the pull ups to go right around mid-neck Yeah, a clear chin way over the barn when he's no longer able to do those in the same set It's a mechanical drop set He's going to just barely get his chin to touch the bar by leacher pull ups Pull ups pull ups the depth expands the good thing is that big super crazy bottom stretch that does much of the growing is In place every single time anyway The height to where you pull changes it's just about honesty to wonder transition to the next style of pull ups If you're really good at pull ups, we look around for a dip belt within bind one So if you're really fucking strong like him you do progressively easier pull ups as the more difficult ones become impossible sounds good Perfect one more One more we got this all day Jimmy Great All right now to the net check that chin clearly over the barn Okay He's one I can control the center slow Beautiful one more Great now just touch your kids to the bar Three more control it down Slow yeah slow makes it harder we're here for harder Jimmy Brack That's good do Good stop those are top. Oh super tough Excellent that's awesome Rest it will do another sister sounds good. I can't wait for the comments, but Are you ever planning on going to the dark side or no? Honestly, no, I mean not like as right now unless it was like obviously the future and TRT became appropriate But I don't see right now currently in need to I've been looking to saw spy So it's kind of a there's kind of like a A desire to find out where my true potential is and I haven't slowed down at all In strength or even to be so it's kind of one of those things where I'd really like to get close to that I see some testosterone decline Then make the call from there whatever it is, but do you know your test levels? I haven't been tested before now now like as far as that goes I can tell them on the floor Oh Can't talk to chin talk to this Good one Two one more Jimmy get your phone together Sac fight my teeth good stuff. I'm gonna eat that bar now good shit now. That was really good. Thanks guys. That's awesome All ups are pull ups are one of those things where If you think you're too good at pull ups and you need to use weight Try some pull ups to the chest. Yeah, and you're gonna be like oh, I can be like four of these and then all of a sudden What you just did like ten pull ups and that was hard. It was a set of failure. Yeah, which is like just with your upper body strength shit If you were doing Bro pull ups you could be like yeah, I do 50 chance every day PS on a side note. I love love love when guys make claims for how many pull ups they can do and you're just like you've been around fitness long enough You're like I know you're lying, but I don't know if you're lying on purpose and you know you're lying or if you just don't know what a proper pull-up is And that's why you're lying Actually, I did question from your from your guys is technical perspective some neat comments on like lack of back engagement with the protection at the bottom and Then with the excess not excess up at the extra make range emotion at the top What what would you say to describe how that's more beneficial for a back development? Yes, Jared would you like shot at this one or should I take it? Jared has all sorts of feelings I mean, yeah, I'm a little more angry about stuff like this than my When you go all the way down on stretch you are stretching your lats under load Which is usually hugely hypertrophic and causes tons of muscle growth So that one's easy to solve the idea that you have to maintain constant tension on your back Is that idea that it's like what I would call like a notion people say it But that you have to amy they actually can't answer you But so why is constant tension better than intermittent tension? Why don't you do just one set in the gym that is a drop set for 50 minutes and then leave? Why do you even take breaks between sets doesn't it fuck up your back? No, you take breaks between reps and between sets each rep is thus more full range emotion or more quality So it's totally okay if you unload completely between each rep at the end you'll get as close to failure as With constant tension your muscles will you push even harder because you have little reciprocates between the reps So at the very worst it's the same effect and it probably is a slightly better effect as far as coming up really high Do your lats disengage when you clear to hear? No because your lats are now pulling this way because the lats are still involved in the first part of a dip in a first part of a muscle up So your lats actually pull down and then your lats turn your humorous this way that is active function of the lats So if you get to hear that's still lats first of all second of all if your lats can't do it other muscles in your back After doing imagine you have a really well developed back just kidding who only have well developed lats You kind of look kind of fucking weird Break into the bar now Oh yeah beautiful one more yeah Slow control that's it This stuff you stop That's great. I'm definitely taking that one home. Thanks guys full downs Excellent all right People always ask folks like us use black belt. I'm brown belt What is the real benefit of jujitsu because you go beat up with your friends years get all fucked up what's the upside right? There's a guy right now who has two more sets left on the pole now, but we need it Jimmy Handily Just right to see the guard the guys like I know he just goes back to doing pole downs Like it's supposed to be intimidated like now we are going to do pole downs for extra volume for her to cope Pulling Probably go for some kind of neutral grip just to vary the grip slightly different angle gonna be doing another four sets of You know 10 to 2015 to 20 reps slightly higher rep range and then after that we'll talk about doing some rows Let's go get it done four one more Awesome slow stretch and Good stop very good very good very good So Folks one thing you'll notice is we're gonna be reducing Jimmy's working weight a little bit each time maybe every other time That's just to keep him in that 15 to 20 rep range We've already done the 10 to 15 rep range of pull ups. We want something a little bit higher more of a metabolite stimulus His muscles are more tired now so that real fast twitch super strong stuff is already gone out the window now It's time for more reps with that said should I pull as if I still have Expose if fast concentric okay fast concentric control the center okay Yeah, yeah two more Good Control big stretch Keep keep keep good It was a chance yeah, it was a good one. Thank you Yeah, actually since Performing a lot of the pulling movements. I you guys do I assume there's a correlation but I feel like my shoulder mobility is Oh yeah, drastically yeah, honestly yeah Four inch emotion in general improved mobility like people don't understand that I guess So it would be like how do I improve my flexibility mobility? I'm like are you doing four inch emotions straight like deadlifts right and you see them in this stopping like right here Yeah, I have friends that like like I can't get to a back double anymore because they get really really big I like mic or myself. I really ever had that problem because we're always in that deep position here So I think it just helps I'm starting to get it a little bit yeah, but I think your combination for me is like I'm just getting older and also I'd be decreased to an age also like there's only so much muscle like Right, he would be a totally physically half ship back there. I can't watch my own shit. It's always too big for stuff I usually have to coach for people but he's actually doing a great job already when they go from the end of the E-centric into the concentric the kind of snap back into the concentric face He's doing a really good job of controlling when he gets to his end range emotion here He's immediately controlling the E-centric the entire way a lot of people have an issue with that, but he's just natural One more sir deep pull oh yeah, oh that's such good stuff That's it Thank you for finishing excellent with the finishing body positioning If you are getting full length out of the lap and my basically vertical here or do I have Okay vertical's fine. Okay either way. It's very close. Okay. No, okay got it. Well, thank you. Ben Rose We've done pull ups. We've done pull downs the lats are pretty fried vertical pulling is great Now it's four sets of barbell rows to get the rest of the back the mid back the erectors the rhomboid the terrace the middle traps Mower traps for sure even upper traps bent row trains at all sets of we'll see 10 to 15 reps here and a lot of technique learning for Jimmy to get down this is a really trippy way to do bent rows most people don't do I'm like this but because we are bending over with a lordotic posture and only the arms are moving and the scabs are coming forward at the bottom of the big stretch notice the chest is still up and then touching with the scabs back it's an amazing pull back stimulus no legs no heating and hoeing no bullshit. Let's do it Chest up yes just like that struggling keep your chest up the whole time Good one more Jimmy Good stop we'll take a weight down excellent technique Thank you excellent technique appreciate it deeper good really put that stretch on a amazing Jimmy keep going great touch that tummy good big chest excellent excellent strength Good one more strict control these central control control control stretch and let it down good stop yeah yeah definitely feel it back there and then upper back region yeah a lot of things to think about it once like for sure yeah for sure for sure you think my gosh you'll be a little bit wider maybe your grip look great to me but it's like one inch wider that's totally cool okay I got a special surgery to make my shit one inch wider your boys like a fucking pop fan maybe no no take I got that's I got that's so to can't shit two more good one one oh hell yeah big stretch hold it rats right that's amazing though like have death cool does even 95 when you're like just really that's awesome because the reason I think for me personally I never do bottle rows I think it's the mixture of ego feeling like I need to go to a certain weight but then at the same time no I'm not really doing shit so then I just stay the way for me to get together Jared and I really like to standardize the movement so that ego gets completely like expelled like there is no ego when there's a clearly defined you don't swing you touch your tummy and you touch the ground every time and then it's like what it's just like bench press starts here and ends here this is something you can try for a mesocycle all of the musculature involved in here can make you look super fucking thick and super fucking wide if you fill it out and one way to hit this is it hits when your scraps are retracted and your elbows are way back here so what we're gonna have Mr. Jimmy do is he is gonna do rows with just the bar where he holds the top position to his tummy for two seconds in a row you will feel a deep searing burning sensation in your back that is exactly what we're after give this a shot if you guys want at the end of your back workout to really get that shit back there hop it that's science way there let's get in here do some science hold good now again hold down he's going down and one more hold down I've been humble like that by one bar not at all you know I thought it was bad when I tried to curls your way too but it was as even worse dude that's fucking sweet speaking of curls we're gonna do some some Jerry curlant I love those ones I saw this video a little bonus round some arms at the end some Jared feather style Jerry curls for one of our users on the channel thank you for the recommendations for that name you guys are gonna see a lot of queuing in for the elbows to come in for the arms to be outstretched and the super focus on the bicep it's gonna be a big deal Jimmy has enormous arms is really unfair vitamin vitamin vitamin curl that shit down slow slow control one more before we quit you got a low rest break off this vitamin slow that was in down from there oh yeah I'm front of you oh yeah and relax relax rock don't go anywhere best break don't go anywhere folks if you want to do something quick after back get your biceps apple bit myorips a perfect five to ten seconds rest about four total sets time to start Jimmy hit it again vitamin good not big ass arms Jimmy less word there it is and then in and so it was back I was forward and go where did you come on slow slow it was back that was for last yep camera people notice how much weight we have on that shit seventy fucking world fucking hero type shit it just does not take much weight to train your biceps properly if you're curling one fifty's and your arms are one fifth the size of Jimmy's which they probably are you got a technique issue slow uh rack rast one left one set left to a great stretch those biceps out I was in immediately let's go vitamin then'll Two watch. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. One last time. I'm gonna open it up. I was in. Maybe the hardest one. And in. And in. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Ooh. Sorry for my bitching. All right. Thank you guys. I know. Matt. Where'd you go? So, you can look at me. Can't look at my arms. All right. That was great. Thanks guys. I was gonna say you have a t-shirt, but I realize you couldn't go t-shirt to your face. All right folks. Jimmy's gonna sit down because he worked really hard. What'd you think? That was. I did buy a village a little bit of high school obviously. I've been compared to this. The biggest takeaway I had was the implementation of full range of motion. But how that applies per exercise? I think the one that I took away the most was the barbell route. I used to never do them at home because I never really thought I was getting out of it. But with the form corrections from Mike and Jared, I've never had as much upper back activation as I had the day with that barbell variation. So, it goes to show. Maybe even with the bar or 95 pounds, something like me, about 25 pounds. Power looks there. Jiu-Jitsu, black belt can be pushed and pushed to an extreme. And those curls are just a whole other thing. My chest is still super tight. So, guys, thank you so much. I appreciate it. It's our pleasure. You did amazing. Thank you. Folks, Jimmy's got his own YouTube. He's got his own inflates. He's got his own TikTok. His got his own fucks wife. He's not throwing his pants. Only feet. Team full sproke. We'll catch you next time. Give him a follow. Peace. Thanks, guys. Hey boys. Do you like only fans? Yeah. Yeah, you like that and that's sick.