Full stretch, full stretch keep going keep going. Press! Good job! Oh ho ho ho! That's it, you're done. Good job, you're done. Haha! You can just open and go. Chatter open. There you go. Much better. Much better. Last one. Slow, extra fucking slow. Big fucking pause. Wait for it. Up. Go! Rack. Do you know how you are? Nobody said this will be fun. Slow, slow, slow, slow. Up. Press. Press. Rack. Fuck out of here, you little titsucker. Okay. It's January. You're getting well into your fitness game. Which is sweet. I'm right here alongside with you for that. We have just a quick couple of who will tidbits to talk to you about. As far as maybe some other stuff you want to be involved in, versus just buying the templates that we have using the RP.co.ch app and watching YouTube. For 100% free, we have four pay stuff that just a little bit of pay, but gets you a ton of value. This, what you're about to hear is exactly as much sales pitch, promung, as I am capable of doing ethically the first thing I'll say, like I say, all of these talks when I get a chance to sit down. You don't have to buy anything. Ever. You can continue to watch our YouTube videos for free. If you all for it, click the like button every now and again. If you like something, you just watch it. It records views. We get paid off of views. It's amazing. I don't need to buy any of this stuff, but let me give you a little chat about some of the benefits of this stuff. Little upsell stuff. And maybe you're going to be like, oh, that sounds nice, but it's not for me totally cool. But if you're like, sounds like something I might want to try and maybe actually can help me a lot, then amazing, give it some thought. All to all of a sudden. So here's the thing. First, is YouTube is for sure free and always will be. We will continue to always put out 425 YouTube videos like we always have every single week, high level content. That will never change. Every now and again, we promote the YouTube membership, which I've about to start promoting right now. A couple of people just a couple of odd balls. And then in the caption, we'll say, hey, like, you know, like, YouTube video should be free or whatever way. Yeah, absolutely. Whenever replacing our content for free with paid content ever and we just won't. Okay? But if you want that next level of content, the YouTube membership is where you can get it. And it's like there's a couple of membership tiers, but it's basically like five bucks a month. And you get multiple videos through that month, usually at least one a week. That are way more in depth and way more nerdy than we would usually go on the channel. And I'm going to be completely sure up with you guys. Why aren't they on the channel? Because only a small fraction of us on the channel are mega ultra nerds. The rest of you are like super nerds and the rest are regular nerds and the rest are just human beings trying to learn something about exercise and diet. For the ultra super psycho nerds, if we just put these crazy super in depth videos on the regular channel, they just kind of bomb. They don't do all that well. They don't get a ton of views. The world doesn't get to see them as much. And then that's content we could have put out that's a bit more of a general appeal. It's a bit more fun. Still a ton of science still a ton of learning, but we could just reach out to for more people. So those videos that I have to make, like I'll have a list of videos to make and Scott the video guy will be like, hey man, Mike. Some of these are nerdy as hell. Maybe we should throw them to the members channel because I just don't know if they're going to do that well. And it pains me every time to hear this because I'm a mega nerd. I want to cut you guys all the super nerdy stuff on the regular channel. But we all know there's only so many videos in cram and until people tune out. I don't know about you guys getting the the notification like twice a day coming up. And hey, there's another crazy super in depth 45 minute nerd video by Mike. There's only so much of that you're going to take. But if you want that sort of stuff and you have like five bucks a month come join us in the member section on YouTube. Those videos are a regular thing. And if you got that little you should want to fill up your super nerd cup. We've got you full. That's for the YouTube membership. A next here above that is the team full ROM membership subscription. This is not YouTube. This is separate. It's a forum that we run on Facebook for the time being, but these books are actually pretty decent about the forum thing. It's a private Facebook group. You pay money. It's like 30 bucks a month. But if you get the year, it's way cheaper turns into like 20 bucks a month. You pay money. You get into this forum. When you get into the forum, you get a couple of things right away. You get a ton of detailed diet templates that you can use right away. You get crazy discounts on pretty much all of our piece products, books and templates and stuff. A huge discount. You get free copy of the hypertrophy book, which is in South Lake 35 bucks. You get a free copy of the diet book, like all this good stuff right for free. And every six weeks, I personally designed with the help of Jared Feather, a multiple programs that you can do. We have four day week programs, five day week programs and six day week programs for whole body. And then we also have five and six day week programs for specialization. Like we pick a couple of muscles every six weeks. We really specialize them. We repeat that six weeks later. We're slightly different set numbers. Get you working on that same program. So every 12 weeks, we recycle the priority entirely. This means it's basically like a train alongside with us program. A lot of people in the forum. And we have like 700 people in the forum. They train on that program. So we get dedicated programs. This is basically a pay 30 bucks a month. And you get the programs completely included. You can use your own programs. And to that effect, it's 50% off on the custom training templates. Which you can generate your own programs. 50% off to big deals. $100 product. So it's 50 bucks. And you can build 18 weeks of training for 50 bucks. That's not bad. But here's the real kicker to look for. The forum is a Q&A situation where you post any question and other people answer it, including my self and Jared. And many others, including Trevor Fortbright, super top to your expert. If that's not enough, we have more. You can put up any videos you have of yourself training. And all of us and everyone else on the forum is going to give you technique and cue feedback. So you can put up videos every week working on your squat and will tailor your squat to be better and better and better over time. This is legit what happens. And by the way, the forum is going to such a way that there's like no Dickish behavior allowed. It's all jokes all good. But it gets only constructive criticism, which is really sweet. If you're really serious about improving your lifts and your technique, that's the place to be. And lastly, both myself and Jared do weekly lives where we do a collection for questions. Any question you have. Let's take six paragraphs to ask. We put it right in there and we answer it in depth. The average live of it two weeks, or sorry, every week, my life takes me about an hour and a half to two hours to get through. It's usually like 30 or 40 questions from people in the form. We will bash everything to the ground and make sure everything is explained. And there questions are guaranteed to be answered. I'm like the YouTube, I'm like anything else. If you ask a question in the form, we guarantee it's answered. You might have to tag us one more time or bump up the thread. We will get to it. And if you really want an answered for sure for sure, you ask it in the live and we'll 100% get to it. That form that live component is a huge thing for me. As it can directly answer your questions as much as possible. And so can everyone else in that form. It's a beautiful place to be great place for learning. If you into some money, if you're walking around the street and there's a sack of money, you know what I'm holding crap? I could use this to get in the form, give that some thought. So once again, YouTube, we love you guys. You don't have to pay up. Welcome to thing. You never will. Unless YouTube serves charging or some shit like that. That we can't promise. We'll always put out great content. A ton of it all the time. But if you want some extra nerdy content, give the member section a thought in YouTube. And if you want to take your nerdyness in interaction to the next level, and I'd really be almost coached along by everyone else who's into this kind of stuff. Give some thought to joining team for Ram. We'll have all the links in the description below. Like, subscribe, and do something nice for someone this year. How about that? You've been a bad person. We know you have just try smiling at someone at the store. Go do that.