This used to be the type of bullcraft that Dr. Mike would call out. But now there's such a concern with getting views that you're willing to give absolutely horrific information just to get clicks. Yo, so check this out. A while back, we put up a video about eight of the most efficient combo exercises you could do with the gym. If you're in a pinch, you don't have a ton of time, you want to stimulate some muscle growth, you kind of want to hit multiple muscle groups at the same time. But a bunch of the exercises I think were pretty good. Except one really wacky one, which I did say on the video was wacky. And I did say on the video probably wasn't going to be super stimulated for your chest and shoulders. Did make the cut. And a lot of people had a lot of feelings about it. And they made react videos. All of react videos. Now we're going to make a react video to that. Is it YouTube? Fucking crazy. We start up here. And we are going to do a classic cable fly. The next movement is for me to bicep curl all the way to this position here, which sets us up for a press. Returning us back to the fly slow and then a curl and then a press, just like that. If you had a bicep that could keep up with a chest press, you would have the biggest biceps. If you have ever seen the weakest chest, triceps and shoulders that we have ever seen. Or a combination of the two. It can't keep up with a chest press. The eccentric part of the chest press is something you're doing. And then you bicep curl and then you continue to exhaust the chest again on the concentric through the press. And then again on the eccentric. So we have two chest movements. Her every one bicep movement. So it's just not true to say the bicep has to keep up with the chest movement because it has to keep up with two at the same time. Does that mean for most people the biceps is probably going to be limiting factor? Yes. Is for some people the chest giving a limiting factor? Yes. Is for anyone that tries to have some fractal. It's going to be limiting factor. Probably not. To your point. The reason why this makes zero sense is because as mentioned, you're going to be far stronger on the pressing portion of the lift compared to the curling portion. And so your biceps will always end up being the limiting factor. Which is where your chest failure way before your chest even gets close. And so what's the point? So Sean, this is an excellent critique for sure your triceps and front delts are going to be largely just kind of synergistic Movers. When you're doing this exercise, you're not upright, you're caved over and you're not getting a super deep stretch for your chest at the very bottom. And also when you're coming up with your arms, you're actually putting this thing, the whole upper arm forward before you curl in. If you just start curling in from here, the lever arm radically improves quickly and makes the lift really easy. So all you have to do is try hard the beginning and finish up. And because you get a huge stretch with the chest, it actually creates a structure chest substantially before hand. Does that completely rectify your chrysanthemum? No, your chrysanthemum is right not. But am I going to talk a little bit of shit about it? M-pick what I can nitpick? Yeah, guys. This is what desperate retreat into pseudo and animity of famed looks like. I'm an authority figure. I have a PhD. I have all sorts of insensitivities about it. And I don't want to hear any bullshit from any of you. Even if you're correct, and I'm just on the wrong type of shit when I made that exercise up on the spot. Hold on, hold on. Hold on. Will you guys still be my friend? Absolutely not. You pathetic balding 40 year old man. Alright folks, real big insight. All jokes aside. It's me after all. Super easy modifier. You can make to almost every single combo movement. Every single one we talked about here. Every single one from the last video. And you're going to be able to hit very close to failure with every single involved muscle that you're targeting at the same time. How? But it's not your mind. I feel like you just rear guard defending your stupid bullshit. You can't take the L. I am the L. Seriously though, here's the tip. If one muscle is really just much weaker, much more anatomically leveraged in a poor position, much less likely to fatigue first. What you do is to the other muscle, to the other movements in the combo, you do a higher number of reps relative to that muscle. So for example, let's say that when in just a second here, we're going to plug back the editor boy to do one of these exercises against his will. And I really, because God, do we care about legal stuff? I don't even know what that means. I'm not a lawyer. I just know that it's too far for max to scream. When we plug him in to the combination of skull crusher and bicep curl, what we might discover is he's going to be like, you know, a couple reps in just kind of warming up like dude. This skull crusher parts are really easy. The bicep curl is actually pretty hard at this way. No worries. We go to a two to one, a three to one, even as high as a five to one ratio of, let's say four skull crusheres now, they're starting to feel it. One bicep curl. Okay, that was tough. Four skull crusheres, one bicep curl. Any ratio you want. Take the exercise that you're the strongest in, give it more reps. The weakest in, give it fewer. Whatever ratio you come to memorize that ratio, that hard, find the ratio for you and just grind that shit. And then you actually do have a completely symmetrical situation. So even on the dreaded fly press combo, where you can do, as do a slow eccentric fly, come in with your biceps. Do four presses really get tired, try a set of chest and shoulders. Super crazy eccentric back. Come in with your bicep. Four presses, try that. And I promise you it'll work. And that's a corporate Renaissance periodization. Ganty. Rrr, see? Mhh. Yeah. All right. Three skull crusheres. And then at the bottom of the last skull transition to curls. There are two scenarios in which you want to use this. Maybe even three. Sinario one is you want to save time and do biceps and triceps at the same time. Generally what I found is with this exercise, especially if you do a very strict, elbow's close in skull crusher. And especially if at the skull crusher you don't lock all the way out, you lock two thirds of the way out or come up to Thursday's the way up, rather. And then come back down. You tend to hit failure pretty close together on these movements, which means they're both for a bicep movement. So number one, you just want to save time. Number two is if a girl just walked into the gym, you're sitting down, you'll only have two dumbbells. And she's like, I'm gonna like fuck the next guy with a big ass arm pump. I don't care how it is. And she's walking around the gym, like waiting for it and shit, but you're like, oh fuck fuck fuck. So you can't, how do you get into full arm pump? One amazing combo exercise already in the bench. So as you're doing really hey baby, she's like, I'm not a bad guy, I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. You look like the fucking way you want me. Yeah, I just like, I got your fucking arms. I ain't you guys know the rest, I'm not gonna get into it. Up. Finish. Three. Go right away. Almost all the way up and then slow control. Good. Big lack out here, come all the way up. Go, go, go, go, go and then down slow. One last curl. Begin. Slow. Reach your feet. Feed. Feed. Feed. Wait for it. Up. Move. Move. Move. Move. Move. Move. Almost full lock out. Down. One more. Go. Good. One last one. And then finish with this one all the way up and then stand up. Power out. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. And stand. Good shit. Hey. That fucking dude. I don't speak scottler. It works. This next exercise is one I did not make up. But I'm calling it my own because I'm a piece of shit and finally famous enough to name shit after myself. Scott, what's your favorite food? No. It's the doctor my mistake now. All right. Now that we've named foods, let's get into the exercises. I think this is called a thruster, maybe. A thruster is another thing that, um, well, you guys know the rest of that joke. I won't even bother with it. It is a combination. Back squat. To behind the neck, push press. It's a full squat. You will all the way down to a full squat and my healating. That H you got to pronounce and my healating. Your glutes, your inner thighs and your quads and your soul. And then on the concentric, you don't slow down. You continue to accelerate until the bar pops up off of your traps. And you press it out by coming up on your toes and using as much ballistic momentum as possible. As opposed to what other kind of momentum, my fine physics assholes. You got me on that one. It's just one. This allows you to lift a weight that is very challenging for your quads and your glutes, et cetera. But at the same time gets extra propulsion from your lower body to help your upper body lift the weight. And if you stay completely super upright, ideally, where weight lifting shoes and sink super far down and slow and pause at the bottom, it makes the leg component so difficult that it really starts to match up to the upper body component. And you can get very close to failure in this movement for two parts of your body at the same time. If for some reason there's any symmetry, you can always line up the reps differently, doing a few more squats or a few more shoulder presses or push presses, depending on which body part of yours is the strongest. Guys, I'm not going to bullshit you. This exercise is going to kill you probably. It is like literally almost full body. It wrecks your metabolism in the best way possible. You're going to be even going to be throwing up blood. Everyone's going to wonder how they can help you and maybe they're attractive females. And maybe help means a hand job. I don't know. I'm just finnrollin' the dice here, people. I don't even run the program. Who's supposed to be writing a script? In any case, this is a balleracter size. You can do it for sets of sheets. I can't believe it's saying this 10 to 15 reps. If you just need something to prove to yourself that child had never really let you taste, Crossfitters do this. I'll just put that in a perspective. They just tougher than the rest of us. But if you want to save time, you get a massive stimulus. This is how you go about it. Folks, our last combo exercise, if you just don't have any time, but you want to be Jack. But you just don't have any time. But you want to be Jack. I'm not going to even do it. Max is already laughing his ass off. He knows what's coming next. But you don't have any time. The combination, standing dumbbell curl, to shoulder press combo. This can also be done with an inclined curl to a high inclined combo. You're called. You can zap your biceps, your front delts, and to some extent really stimulate your triceps and potentially even chest with this combination exercise. You can do more fewer curls, more fewer standing overhead presses, or overhead presses, or inclines the bending eye you do this, depending on which muscle tends to fatigue first. And if you want to keep them aligned, it's totally dope. I will say it seems like you could shoulder press like an infinity, but at least standing dumbbell shoulder presses are actually a lot harder than they look. So you might even start with a one to one ratio and see how it goes from there. Otherwise, this is a great exercise. If you don't have a ton of time, you can pair this exercise with the skull crush your exercise, combo with curl, get your arms, you get your triceps, you get some shoulder work done, all those while manning you leave the gym because if you have big delts, you have big arms. But what the, go you in the gym to begin with, to look for girls, to look for guys, to look for people, abandon gender, that you can love with your body. All right, guys, we're going to make max the editor boy, who actually edits full stack, the entire exercise science Friday show, they actually assigned to critique show, he's the fucking man, but good things come with punishments. So he's going to bleed for this shit. He's going to do a two to one ratio of shoulder presses to bicep curls to even it out to make sure this is still a combo exercise, but they try steps, the shoulders and the biceps, get the right dose. I always with the dose stuff, technically dose extends to any quantity of substance, but mostly tryin'. Yeah, let's go do this. Super deep. Slow, flip, very minimal rest of that top flip situation as soon as you flip you go. Up, slow control, deep. Right away, good, just like that. Up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, two good ones go. Slow, deep. Finish finish finish finish, one more bicep curl, finish this one strong. Two more reps and then you're done. Big moves, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Big press right away, press one. Slow all the way outside and then a full lock confident lock out. Lock it, lock it, lock it, slow, slow, slow, slow, negative on the curl. You're fucking swimming in it now, man. Two to one was good. Yeah, two to one was Scott's idea, because Scott's a smart guy. You know you guys think Scott's just a guy who points the camera and does nothing at home, but stare at a wall in between editing videos and while all those things are true, he's also really smart. And beautiful. And gorgeous. Oh, he doesn't like combo. Alright, folks, hope you enjoyed these combo exercises look. These aren't like the greatest things in the world, but they're really good for saving your time. They're a cool source of novelty. And in a very equipment constrained environment when you're going to keep your hands fast to the dumbbells, they work super super well. Just a few tips on making them work well. Number one, you don't have to do the combo variant. You can just do the super set. Do as many curls as you can, flip over into shoulders. That's awesome. The thing is you have to choose which one for teagues first. And then they may be not get an even amount of stimulus. No big deal. Then you do the combos. But because some acts that your body performs, some leverages are not as good as others. They're weaker than some muscles or small than others. You don't have to do a one to one ratio of each rep. You can do one to two, even one to three. And it's crazy as one to four if it comes down to it. Give a bunch of these exercises a try if you'd like. And if you love them, just warmly think of Scott the video guy and Max, the editor boy. But I'm really not doing it. Brokeback Mountain, except the super unrated version where you're like, is there like a plot to this? Or is this one and a half hours of just like, should I wish I'd never seen that? Think about that and I'll see you guys next time. I know. I guess you have to do a B-roll this. Oh, B-roll kissing. I'll hold both cameras.