You're like having to get lightbows seems like an admission of the fact that I'm a fraud. I totally hear that. 100%. I just don't see why it's worth it to put your body through something like this in your 40s. Do respect. You're 40s. You're a grown man. You've already made a bunch of money. Your famous already on this other crap. You have a pretty cool physique. It's a really for four pounds of tissue. You went through this 12 weeks psychotic recovery process and complications and risk of death. In my salty about this comment, yes, God damn it because I have feelings. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strengths and I recently had cosmetic surgery to delete out extra skin and fat cells that accumulated in my lower back and my love handles from me back in the day when I was younger, ballooning up to a drug-free 270 pounds with gigantic love handles. And got the surgery. I'm well into recovery. We're recording this video at now five and a half weeks out from the surgery. Everything's going pretty well. It's a cool new look. Hopefully we get a chance to see it at some point soon. But I wanted to circle back and read some comments with you guys that I had in my Instagram post my first talk about getting the surgery. Because some of these comments are kind of alluding the fact that maybe I made a mistake. Maybe I should not have had surgery. So I'm going to do three things for every single one of these comments that I'm going to read with you guys. One is I'm going to clap back with an attitude all for the jokes. None of that is serious. I'm just riffing saying you come at me with the riffing. You're going to get it back all of an respect. Then I'm going to steal man their position and try to see like okay, they're actually making a pretty decent point here somewhere and I'm going to try to get that out. And then I'm going to kind of give the real talk what I actually think calm, logical analysis using in the steel manning and kind of maybe my retort to where I was coming from to sort of maybe learn a little bit with you guys and at least get some laws. Scott, you're ready. I can't wait. Can't wait. I'll release the hate. All right, here we go. So clay underscore guns said good for you if it makes you feel better about yourself. No clay, it makes me feel better about other people. JK, let's continue reading the comment. But personally, I just don't see why it's worth it to put your body through something like this in your 40s. When you're already done competing, you obviously have a great physique and immense success. Not sure why some loose skin was worth this much trouble. So let's riff first. This is actually a fairly polite comment. I'm not going to go too hard in the paint. Let's see in your 40s, I guess Scott, there's a better time to get cosmetic surgery than your 40s. Is it supposed to be later or earlier? Actually, I don't know. I could see it both ways. Or neither. In your 40s, you're healthy enough to recover well, but also old enough for it to be sensible to put the knife in your body, but whatever. And clay says when you're already done competing, I'm not done competing. Pretty much every single video or comment I would put on on that is I'm not competing for the current time. And pretty much every other time I said, like, I'm going to be back competing eventually very likely. So I'm not done competing. That part just like, hey, look at all of it. All of it respect all jokes. People like absorb some kind of some sort of something from the ether from like a real they heard about me. And they're like, I know things about you. And like, yeah, you probably don't. You probably don't. You're probably probably the kind of guy that comments about other people. Shit, no offense. All of it respect all jokes. Pretty salty here. This is me coping. Scott is not with the other. Yeah. Lots of coping today. And the very nice things you obviously have a great physique and a man's success thank you so much that I would say like, why not have a better physique and to more success through enhancement. And not sure why some loose skin was worth this much trouble. Like my my my my my razzling of this is like, okay, Clay, thank you for putting your confusion into a comment. Scott, can you imagine like going on to people shit and actively being confused in the comments like I'm confused like, okay, thank you for letting us know that there are no doubt very good reasons for this. And he could I'm I'm not sure by someone was going to do this as a snarky way of saying, I disagree with you, which might snarky response back is you know close to nothing about anything that I do in my life. So the audacity of you to think that you could just say shit like this is pretty impressive. Now that was all just a riff all for good times sake. Let us steal man this young gentleman's position. Um, good for you if it makes you feel better about yourself, facts like that's probably what most cosmetic surgery. If not all of it is for is to make someone feel better about themselves. Um, I just don't see why it's worth it to put your body through something like this in your 40s to respect your 40s. You look a grown man. You've already made a bunch of money. Your famous already on this other crap. You have a pretty cool physique like really, bro. Now you're getting under the knife. Like what is the play here? I totally hear that 100%. And when you're already done competing, I guess you could have thought like I was done competing. It's totally reasonable to expect that because you're at various points. I was you know, said I'm done slash, you know, done for now, wherever it's tough to parse those. I get it. No worries at all. And it's very nice to say obviously have a great physique. I think that that's vibes and immense success. It is really strange like, you know, surgeries like in risky for like life and land like people dying surgery. And you know, for me to have like tons of YouTube success and have a bunch of money and apps and stuff and then be like, oh, I'm just going to take this massive risk. It's kind of like, giant why like risks make sense when you don't have a lot and you have a lot to gain, but a lot to lose. But when you have a lot of stuff and you've done really well, like, it's kind of weird to take risks. I totally feel here that. And if the ante says not sure why some loose skin was worth this much trouble, dude, facts, it's like they, they, they took out a total of like four pounds of tissue. It's a really for four pounds of tissue. You went through like this 12 weeks psychotic recovery process with complications and risk of death, like it is an odd flex totally. And so that's the steel man. Now to wrap it up with with logic and reason in my actual take, you know, these are all good points. Some are really easy to refund anytime you talk some, you know, even well intentions back in the comments, you don't be surprised if you get some back all oven respect, all jokes, but it is definitely a trip to see someone make really, seemingly odd choices from your perspective. But you got to remember that like, people have different values. And for me, like, my love handles because of the excess skin that never goes away in the excess fat cells that never go away, like physiologically, it just don't know amount of dieting and I've been very lean before can get that off. And so for me, I really value just having a body that I think is cool. And I think my body is that the greatest thing in the world, but I love how I look except for my love handles. And when you are a professional in the space of helping people how to navigate their own physique, so you really care about bodies in general and aesthetics and your own body, it's kind of like, oh, man, if I just got rid of my love handles, I would feel way better about my physique. Let me tell you guys, I still have a ton of information. I still have a ton of swelling, stuff to wear, buying all the time, and recording this five and a half weeks out. I don't even start training until like a week or two from now. I haven't trained in five weeks. But when I turn to the side and I seem completely zero love handles and my waist to turn a cinch and like crazy, it is a transcendent moment every single time. And I only get to see myself in the mirror like twice a day when I read just my binder shower. And so it's like really, really wacky. Like I've had love handles my entire adult life and to not have them anymore is like it's worth everything. This whole thing was worth it. 1000%. So I hear all the the other criticism and it's all very, very well meant, but to me, it is marginally worth it to me. Does that mean it's worth it to you? How though? Probably not, but that's something for you to decide. All right. Ta-la-la-la-la-salon says. Dr. Mikey, Ellie, and I wish you best of luck, with the doctor, Mike, Ily and I wish you the best of luck with how you want to look, but saying it's way harder than dieting just sounds like a massive cope. I'll riff on this one. So let's see here. I said in this post by the way that I made originally that the surgery recovery was way harder than dieting and I stayed by that 100%. It's way, way worse than any diet of overdons. We were 75 diets ever done put together. So first of all, Tallah, Laira, Lallah, Salon. I don't know who Ellie is. I don't know you in real life. You're treating me like a friend. We've never met. Saying it's way harder than dieting could absolutely be a cope or hashtag a cope is something faceless in cells with no friends and no relevance, say to people to try to make themselves sound better. Which one is it my friend? So that's the riffing. Now to steal man, thank you for the wishing best of luck. That is very kind. I still am uncertain who Ellie is or who you are, but very nice of you. It's way harder than dieting absolutely sounds like the cope of a lifetime. Scott doesn't it? Like I did this thing because I'm too big of a pussy to diet and now I'm saying it's harder than dieting so I can get my respect points back. And now you're just doubling down in this video. I get it. 100%. Yeah. Is this like double cope? It's terrible. The thing is, so I hear that. That's the steel man. Now the overall logic wrapper to all this is like it's totally, totally possible that this is all a cope. 100%. And me saying it's harder than dieting. The thing is, is that dieting is like pretty tough. But you get into this point with really tough diets where you get like a last half of the diets like serenity. Like your heart rate is really low. You're in the state of deep calm all the time. Things are like tough but like, like lower case teeth tough. And you know, you feel quite comfortable when you're not like training super hard. And you're getting like pretty decent sleep because you're not a giant load of anymore. And you're in this cool rhythm. Your body's changing. Look better all the time and dieting is tough and it's challenging. But I've done like dozens and dozens of diets and it's pretty straightforward at this point. A diet is tough. But when you've been through surgery recovery of major surgery, you almost certainly and actually had a bunch of people comment on this and comment on other places. Major surgery is a totally different realm of suck than dieting. Like when you get cut basically in half, your body hates you for weeks and weeks and weeks. Like constant pain, constant itching. You don't feel right at all. Your motivation goes to how because your body's like just I don't hold and recover. I wish I could say this was super easy and easier than dieting. Yo, if this was easier than dieting, I'd get one of these surgeries every other month. Man, I'd be like this. I'm kind of weird plastic person. It would be awesome. Unfortunately, that's not the reality. So it does sound like a massive cope. But if I had never dieted, it would be a massive cope. But I've dieted into absurdity and place last and like 18 body building shows. Clearly, I got nothing to cope with. Not afraid of dieting. So if that's my honest rational take. All right. Wayward fitness, way W. D. Fitness says, why are you pro cosmetic surgery? This one strikes me as odd, Dr. Mike. Scott, I really can't riff on this person. It's just kind of, I can do better. I can riff. Anything that strikes you as odd and fitness that I do means I'm correcting you're not because I'm smarter than you. And more important. And have a more purple sweatshirt on. Rift sucked. This is a very polite comment. Let's steal man the shed out of it. It does sound strange that somebody who says, you can use diet and exercise in the will power. All of a sudden says, you don't need any of those. And I'm not going to lead by example. And I'm just going to go under the knife and take the easy way out. Absolutely strange and odd indeed. But to put the logic wrapper on this, I am pro human enhancement in any way that makes sense for you trade-off-wise, time sense, money sense, risk sense. That's worth it. And in any way that doesn't hurt the people around you in some strange way, I am 100% for if it makes you better. This goes all the way from learning math to become better at mathematics. That's a form of enhancement, learning a new language, getting a haircut, getting your nails painted. If you're happy to be in that sort of thing, putting on makeup, putting on the clothes that you like, eating better and exercising all the way through cosmetic surgery. And if you think that's weird, you should hear my views on cyber enhancement. Yes, when robotic limbs become better than human limbs, I will be replacing my human body with robot parts. That's an odd take. But I 100% support it. I think it's logical because enhancement means better than. And so if someone wants to diet and train, I think that's amazing. I diet and train all the time. It's been my whole life. I will continue to diet and train. But dieting and training is a part of the equation. It's like, do you worry about the electronic control system in your race car or do you worry about the size of the engine or the quality of the tires? These are not competitive against each other. They are synergistic. You should be concerned with all of them if you want to race the fastest. And if you want your body to be the best that it can be, should you get a hair transplant? If you want a full head of hair and you're balding, sure, I don't care. I would be bald rest of my life when bother me. But when people get hair transplant, some other go a man, you're like, you know, why would you do that to yourself? Like, hey, if you think it makes you look better, you like it and it's worth the trade-offs, God bless you. Because I'm 1000% from people being better. And however they see fit aesthetically intellectually, psychologically, with enhancement. So if someone is doing cognitive behavioral therapy for their major depressive disorder and they choose to go on drugs, I think that's awesome of the psychiatrist approves. I don't think it's therapy versus drugs. I don't think it ever was. I don't think it's diet and training versus cosmetic surgery. Unless you're a Kardashian, just get in the Kardashians. All I'm good fun. It's both, it's all of the above. And so that I think is how it makes sense to me. All right, oh, Scott, this is a juicy one. Dakota Burnheart 26, a man that has differentiated himself from every other Dakota Burnheart of which they are numerous ones. Says Imagine being a doctor and having the largest training app and having to get lipo. Okay. So, last guy, you took that one from me. You don't have to imagine it Dakota because it's real. So I know that the hashtag Imagine Rift that you're doing an Instagram makes you feel cool when you have friends, but neither one of those is the case. You're not cool and you don't have friends. And am I salty about this comment? Yes, God damn it because I have feelings. So imagine being a doctor and getting a cosmetic procedure that's surgical, no contradiction there, continue. Imagine having the largest training app so your four bodily enhancement and that includes lipo, no contradiction there. Let's talk about where you are correct. I mean, okay, ostensibly being a doctor means I got educated and how to change my body. And so you would think I would know things. Having the largest training app means you'd think my app would help me alter my body. And when both of those fail to get me the body, I want because I'm really a fraud doctor. And my app really actually sucks. RPI, hypertrophy, aptly, and the description by the way. You know, like having to get lipos seems like an admission of the fact that I'm a fraud. I totally hear that. 100%. But like I said, of last critique, the logic is being a doctor and getting a PhD in sport physiology makes me look down at my love handles and go, well, that didn't work. Executing rigorous diets up to a deck that confirmed 6% body fat never got rid of my love handles. Because your skin cells, once you multiply a bunch of them, they don't resort hardly at all. And so my skin grew a ton when I was drug free, 270 pounds and it never really went back down. It just loosened out and just kind of hangs there. And the fat cells, once they multiply, they don't die off. So I got tons of fat cells multiplied in my love handles. Now they're all still there. And so as soon as they gain any amount of offseason weight, it doesn't kind of go all over my body. I still have super ripped quads and veins everywhere, super ripped arms. And then they go, still have a six pack. Then I just have these huge love handles. And so, unfortunately, or fortunately for what it is, being a doctor sports physiology, they actually reconfirmed to me upon much more analysis that, I'll actually I can't do anything about this specific thing. And the largest training app helped me get jacked, but never have we claimed our training app is going to burn body fat outside of a calorie deficit. So that's kind of a non-secret or in all due respect. And having to get lipo is just a sensical part of a holistic process to make yourself as good as you can. If you don't need lipo, don't get it. It's stupid. It's insanely insanely invasive. But if you have a problem area that you've had loose skin in and as a fatheous won't go away, lipo is a thing that really works. And so, Dakota, all of them respect, I appreciate the riff you've got me. But at the end of the day, yeah, like it's real mad. I wish my shit, you know, I'll tell you this, there's no doctorate I could have gotten. And there's no app I could have used instead to have gotten rid of love handles, unfortunately. So that's the right thing. Oh, unless I was a doctor of plastic surgery, Scott and I did my own procedure, can you imagine a wake? I would be sick. I can't reach back there. That's probably the biggest problem. That would be sick. You go on like half of the, um, the downers to like still be able to up. No, I would work. All right. This one I really like. Scott last one. Yes, sounds good. That's good. Mark C Watson. Mr. Mark C Watson, whose avatar is a cartoon of himself, my man, says, I saw a video of you recently doing pull ups with your shirt off. My allowed to say this guy is the environment improved yet for this. No. Okay. I won't say. No. No. No. It's going to use the G word. I know. You watch and videos and men's with the shirts off, huh? You didn't event need this surgery brother. So, Mark again, I'm riffing you just for vibes all of an respect. You didn't event sir before you hit enter on a comment that you want to be taken seriously, proofread your shit. And then between this surgery and brother, there is no comma. And pedantically I have to say you probably never graduated the 10th grade, because you can't spell or do grammar, but on a serious note, let's steal man this comment. In many poses and in many angles, especially during some time when I'm leaner, it looks like there's no problem at all. 100% thank you for the compliment by the way, it's actually very kind, post all riffing aside. Yeah, it doesn't immediately look like the case. Now here's the other thing. Real talk. I don't post most of my least flattering pictures on Instagram, because that's not what you do on social media. You tend to post the content that you think puts you into the best light, because posting on social media is kind of like walking into like onto a stage in front of a big crowd, a crowd of in my case, 1.3 million people or whatever 1.2 million. And so, you kind of everyone pretty much puts their best foot forward. And so, if I showed you some pictures and I have, and actually in this post hilariously, sorry, that's this post, it was a post, a post a day later where I showed all the love handle stuff, I actually did need the surgery, because I would love to have agreed with you. It would be amazing if I realized, oh, I don't need the surgery, but my love handle skin situation was pretty pretty intense. And hopefully you guys will get to see pictures of my physique here coming up in a few months, but the transformation is wacky. And I already showed one post surgery picture, and this is completely different waistline. So I'd love to agree with that, but I just don't think it's, uh, it's really the case. All right, folks, what do you think about videos like this? Is this cooler not? I can't tell. Again, the riffing, all jokes all love and respect. Riffing is super fun when it's funny. When it's serious, it's like weird and, um, kind of like rear guard defensive and very copium and stuff like that. And it's like that's a bad vibe, right? And so, uh, if you want to come on my socials and talk that shit, I got all the time in the world for a shit talk away. Hopefully the steel manning worked a little bit, because every riff has a little bit of a grain of truth, sometimes a lot of truth. At the end of the day, I guess my take-home messages like, I appreciate the riffs, I appreciate the kinds of gestures, but, um, how do I say this in a way that makes the most sense and doesn't make me sound even more like a deck than I already do? When someone who's, it's career to care about physics chooses to alter their physique. It is a very possible that they're just insanely body-dust more thick and all of that stuff. And they just made a terrible mistake and you were able to figure out that they made a mistake within two seconds of looking at their feet during your scroll. But it is probably much more likely that they thought about it to a considerably longer duration and deeper depth than you have, and that they're probably on pretty solid ground with their decision. There's no guarantee of that, so I appreciate all the comments, but, um, I guess if you're not interested in the clowning yourself, it might be a good idea to rethink how you phrase some comments. Don't just spit them out into the comments fear, because you're going to get clap-back at like you just did. If you're cool with getting clap-back at my man, I won't say something. But at the end of the day, yeah, you know, people who do stuff, who's job to do stuff, usually have thought of through. Maybe I made a mistake, but I probably didn't. Hopefully this video ages well and I don't dive surgical complications. If I did die, I loved each and every single one of you, like you were my very children. The RPI Perchography Apple love you even more if you click on the link in the description. I've been Dr. Mike, and I'll see you guys next time.