Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSOMS Pyrridsation. And today's video topic is to ask the question of, do you need your fitness trackers sleep data? And if you do need it, how should you use it for your best results? So, modern trackers, including the one in your phone and a variety of apps that you use are very, very powerful, make collect a ton of data. Some of the sleep tracker apps, including ones on your eye watch, or G-watch, where how you rich people have a Chinese watch from. 1850 Abraham Lincoln's old watch, they said, these things can tell you a lot about your sleep. For example, they can tell you how much tossing and turning you did. They can tell you how long you slept in what was probably deep sleep. They can tell you how likely restful your sleep was. They can tell your sleep duration, et cetera. They can give you an integrated sleep score so that you can keep all those data bundled in one actionable measurement. They can tell you a lot. But the next question becomes inevitably, what do you do with this data? When I came up in sports science, in my sports science education, my PhD program, about a decade ago, we were first dealing with a ton of influx of technology. And we were dealing with this problem in sports science, a lot of sport coaches in sports scientists, more sport coaches and performance people. We were getting a ton of data input. And they just didn't know what to do with it. They were like, well, look, we monitor all these things about our athletes and then us the sports scientists have been able to look at you. How are you using it? I don't know. I don't know. We just collect a bunch of it. That's good and well. But why would you collect data if you didn't have at least some insight on how you're going to use it? What do you do with this data? And in order to answer that question, we have to first ask a related question. What of the data really matters? How do we answer that? Well, here's the thing. There's a spectrum roughly, a spectrum of options of what could be happening with your sleep. First, your sleep is bad. And you know it because you're tired all the time and you're not getting a recovery that you used to get from sleep. It is something that when it's obvious, it's obvious. When you wake up in the morning and you don't have an alarm and if the weekend and you wake up and you don't you don't feel rested, you feel like Jesus Christ, did I get beat up in my sleep? The hell happened? She was. You're not getting good sleep. The option at the other extreme is you're getting amazing sleep. Every time you wake up, you feel like a new person. Let's say you have a spouse and you're like, hey honey, do I like toss and turn to my sleep? She's like honestly, I'm jealous as fuck. Because I'm up in the middle of the night watching soap operas because I can't sleep, but I look over you. And you have like a half smile, serenely, no snoring. Don't tossing, no turning, I swear to God, you're like in some kind of crazy ambient mode where you just like regenerate. And you probably know that too. It's pretty obvious. Then there's the middle part of the spectrum. In which your sleep is maybe not as good as you think and you could do better with what's called sleep hygiene to improve it. Let's talk about when a sleep tracker would be useful in those options. The first option is your sleep is bad and you know it because obviously you're waking up a zombie. You don't really need a tracker to tell you that. You just don't. Option C when your sleep is serene and incredible and you could use a tracker to just confirm what you already know, but you don't really need a tracker. So it turns out the only time you really can use a tracker for its biggest benefit to put it more technically is when your sleep is not as good as you think and you could do better with sleep hygiene to improve it. Right? So at the end of the day, you can lean on your tracker if your sleep is something that you wanna work on. Right? But let's think through through just a little bit more. Let's say you wanted to check and see, okay, I think I'm sleeping okay, but it's not ideal, let's make it better. At the end of the day, the hygiene tips that you're going to use are going to be the same. No matter what. And so for example, sleep with the darker room, and we have another video on this by the way, if you Google it, sleep in a non-distraction environment. Sleep with maybe a sound machine or some other way to get the noise is out. Sleep in a colder room, put away all your devices in our two before you go to sleep, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Those are the same recommendations that you would be using whether or not you had a sleep trial. And here's the big kicker. If you're sleep improves, you don't need a sleep score to tell you that because you're gonna be more well rested throughout the day and everything is gonna go better. Now, on the margins, a sleep tracker absolutely can help you confirm that. But it's something that if it's worth noting, it should be pretty obvious. It's similar to, should I get a body fat percentage test? Yes, that's those are totally cool. But they're not gonna tell you if you're really fat or if you're really lean. Why? Cause that's what the mirror is for. That's how you're close fit. That's how you look at yourself. That's what other people say you're already gonna know. Nobody needs to tell a bodybuilder who's contested sheep that he's lean. Of course he's lean. You know, everything else is just super precision at that point, right? Because many sleep trackers exist on your phone and basically are free, you can lean on them in non-extreme cases where you just kind of want to play around with stuff. Now, if you're getting really bad sleep, would you spend a lot of money on a high-end sleep tracker? You could, but I present the following to you why. So it can confirm that you're obviously sleeping like shit for a really high price. And the recommendations of how to fix it would be sleep hygiene anyway. I think a sleep tracker in many respects is like testing your 10 RMs every month. If you're reps in the actual training or going up and so is the weight, you don't need a 10 RM test to beat you obviously stronger. If you used to bench 150 pounds for roughly sets of 10 and nowadays you're benching 185 for sets of 10, do you really need to do a 10 RM or 1 RM test between those conditions to confirm up? You actually really did get stronger. No shit. Of course you got stronger. If the evidence is in the phenomenon itself, another one is if you're getting great sleep, are you gonna spend a lot of money at a high-end sleep tracker? Why? So can tell you're already getting good sleep. You gotta be smart about the stuff. So I don't wanna knock on sleep tracker's a ton. If you are profoundly wealthy, such as myself, I have a team of 80 butlers, always tend to my every need. Most of them are by Lamborghinis, but every now and again I see one of them. Hey, a-a-a-a-a-a. Butler number 35, you know what's your name tag? Go make me toast. They always know how I like my toast by the way. The seven setting on the toaster. I was told a while ago was actually just seven minutes of toast. In any case, if you're profoundly wealthy, you can buy a high-end sleep tracker, just for ships and gigs, and just like use the data and maybe try some sleep hygiene improvement and see like my sleep score went from a seven to a seven point three, right, it's a low-clap success. And they absolutely do have the utility when you're just not sure if you're getting good sleep or you're not sure what even sleep, good sleep feels like. You could be at a position where you're like, I think I'm getting a good sleep and you finally get a sleep tracker and a Sager Sleep course socks, okay? You implement some sleep hygiene tips and all of a sudden you're like, whoa, I didn't know someone could be this rest of the sleep, then it's valid. But in many of the other cases described here, you don't want to get a sleep tracker just to confirm we already know or find out something to which the actionable insight is like, this is something that you already have a protocol for, right, to put a really shitty analogy to it, if someone, if you're a really good with your hands and you can draw fast in a weapon situation and you have like a, your carry up pistol with you, if someone draws on you in the street to try to mug you and you know like you can draw faster and fucking zap him, you get that really important, what kind of handgun they took out. Oh, well, if that's a, if that's a, if it's a black 19, it's only different than if it's a desert eagle or whatever. The fuck would mug you with a desert eagle, Jesus. It's data that you just don't need to make a decision. It's a gun, draw, that's it. So with a sleep tracker, yes, in some cases, the expensive ones are worth it, but in many cases, just come back and ask yourself the question. If I found out more intricate data about my sleep, first of all, do I need that data or do I already know I'm sleeping like shit or I'm sleeping amazing? Secondly, what do I plan to do with that data? And I'm going to have some kind of really trippy protocol and I'm going to try one sleep hygiene tool at a time, see which one works best for me, maybe, but you really could just try most of them. So there are absolutely use cases. I would just try to get you guys to think this way, as with any technology. Technology is amazing. Technology is the answer. Technology is the future, but technology will evolve through market forces, only into the direction in which you bias applying demands pay money to people who make technology. And if you want little tech gadgets, they just don't give you much information at all, and you want to pay high prices for them. The absolute best thing you can do in that terrible scenario, is just buy expensive sleep trackers, do nothing with the data and pretend like you're doing stuff. On the other hand, if you want great tech, demand a lot out of your tech. Make sure that your tech is actually telling you actionable things and the tech tells you which way they're working and how to help you make solutions. Like I don't have an iPhone just because I think it looks cool, like a little flat brick. I have it because it fucking works in the real world that actually solves my problems. So if a sleep tracker that costs more money can solve your problems, amazing, please buy. But if you can solve your own sleep problems by just having better sleep hygiene, you know what you do already, and that's completely free. Folks, thank you for tuning in. See you next time.