Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrridsation. But newsflash, there is no team called team notes off, and I'm going to talk to you today about why rest days are important for you to get the most results. So I think I have a total of 7 points for you today. Point number one is to define what a rest day is. Here's the definition as I use it, and we'll be using it throughout the rest of this lecture. Her rest day is a day on which no weight training occurs. For the purposes of most of the people watching this channel, who weight training is kind of their sport, it's their hobby, it's their activity. Some cardio is okay. If it's easy cardio, if it's just activity and get your 10 to 12k steps a day, that's totally cool. Still counts as a rest day. Extra cardio is not a good idea, and it doesn't make that day count as a rest day anymore, but we'll get that in just a second. Now, I'm a big fan of rest days. I think they're important. I think that training seven days a week is generally fucking stupid, and you should do at least one day off. Why? So that leads us to point number two of what are the actual advantages of rest days? What are the benefits? First, your muscle do not grow on the gym, the growth side of the gym. Taking it extra day after a crazy hard week of training is the day entirely dedicated to muscle growth. That sounds pretty good to me. Just on paper, it sounds fucking sweet. Second, there are two types of fatigue that your muscles and your training can take on. One is local fatigue, like your biceps or sore. Two is systemic fatigue, your whole body and brain are a little bit fucked up, and they need to cool that system off and drop the fatigue. When you train biceps one day, have a next day you train chest and triceps the day after you train legs, your biceps locally are healing the entire time you do any chest and triceps and legs because they're not being fenced with. Perfect. But what about the system? Your whole body, sure as shit isn't healing because it's being demanded to work very hard on both when you train your biceps and your back, chest and triceps and legs. It's just boom, boom, boom. So taking a rest day is a unique kind of fatigue reduction because it brings down systemic fatigue, that global fatigue that feels like, oh man, fuck, I never want to train again when it's high enough. And when it's low enough, feels like dragon balls see lightning bolt energy flowing through your body and it's ready to go crush the gym. You want to feel like that second way, you're going to want to bring your fatigue down, which means you're going to want to take rest days. Next, psychological fatigue reduction, that lightning bolt feeling is physiological in nature, but there is a whole other spectrum on the psychology and the psychology is affected by two things. One, physiology affects psychology. When you're cortisol, stress hormones, your fight or flight hormones are up and your testosterone is down from too many days without rest, too much systemic fatigue, just those hormones alone and other nervous system processes on the physiology side actually make your brain think differently in all-terrier psychology directly. That's definitely a thing that happens, but there is another side of psychology, the purely psychological side. That reveals itself by the fact that going to the gym and going, really, really trying, sit on a toilet and try just as hard, eat more fiber people, it's 2023, her four or five, one of the fact this video comes out, he's got the video guy, why don't we just do like a video dump of 500 videos that we record in advance all in one day? See if he can keep up. Psychological fatigue is something that can accumulate with the grind of having to try hard all the time, it's just like, oh my god, I need a mental break. Because a mental break is awesome, you're relaxing, you're recovering for a day, maybe two of pure rest, but at the end of that second day, you're like, bro, I don't need to relax anymore, I need to shoot energy waves out of my fucking hands and then back to the gym you go. So tie for muscles to grow, systemic fatigue goes down and psychological fatigue goes down, which is all lame and whatever it's pussy bullshit to fucking think about fatigue, but to think about it another way, you're preparing your body and mind to go psych, hotically hard that next week. So you go hard, hard, hard, hard, hard and you accumulate fatigue throughout the week. You take one, two or three rest days at the end of the week and the fatigue comes right back down so you can fucking reload the cannons of gains, brothers and sisters and, you know, properly sight them of course, that's the good technique part and then boom, fire off for a whole week straight, get really tired and repeat the process over again. I believe in the liking, they call this the circle of life. The liking was a movie about training, right? It's got the video guy. So when I got out of the book, I'm going to go through that. Bro, for real end, like, mandrels and shit like that, I don't want to get in the motherfucked faces untrained, you feel me, have all that red ass, you know, I don't know where we got with that one. I do have red asses though, fellas, you feel me, I ain't lying. All right, what do you want to avoid on rest days? You go to find Dr. Mike, you talk me in the rest. I'm a fucking bitch like you now. I need to rest all the time, not a warrior hand joint. How do I rest properly and what do I want to make sure that I avoid and screwing up my rest day? A couple things. One, doing more cardio or more mental work, like your job or your school, then usual to make up for the fact that you're not actually training with weights really hard. People do this and I totally understand where they're coming from. You fucking grind every day, you do some fucking work, you do some fucking school, you do some fucking hard training, you feel like you've earned it, you go to sleep with a smile on your face, you guys like that, that's my fake Russian smile. Technically, the Russians smile looks like this. So we have nothing to be happy about, but a fake Russian smile is in your eye stay the same, but your mouth moves. Look at my eyes. I don't know any happiness. In any case, you go to sleep, you wake up, repeat, I love it. Hashtag, work hard, hashtag, play hard. Dope, thanks for great Instagram story, but some days, all the stuff you do, you need to bring it down. Because recovery occurs when you're under less total stress of every kind, because remember this psychological impact to recovery. So if you do more work in more school, you'll just be delirious from that. You'll be very accomplished in the short term, congratulations, but your fatigue will continue to stomach over the many weeks, and then you'll fucking fall apart into pieces and after pull back on training all of a sudden. Instead, be smart. When you take a recovery day, try to make sure that at least a few other parts of your life are on easier mode as well. Don't make up for it. Even if it's just going to work like normal. Just normally you go to work. You get out of five, you go to the gym from five to seven. You grind with the gym. You come home and you, I don't know, look up, hem tie. So what I do, oh, I forgot shut the fuck up. I know you're able to attract actual females. You don't need to look at adult films, but some of us do it alone. And the Japanese away foods make it so nice. Am I saying that right fellas? You hit me up in the comments. In any case, if you instead go, you know what my wife who life who will be seven p.m. anyway, but I'm not going to the gym today because it's a rest day. I'm going to stay at work for two more hours. Your boss will love you. Your landlord will love you. Any proper Zeppelin owning billionaire, trillionaire like myself will love you, but you're not actually recovering as much as you could, because instead of actually recovering, you took the training and the physical stress of it, and sometimes the psychological destress of training, and you put in more psychological stress at work. So let's say don't have to take the whole day off of work, although that's pretty cool to do. Especially if it's a weekend that's really good. Is that'll bring not even more fatigue? But even if you just go to work and leave at the normal time, those two extra hours, because you're not training, just go home and well, I suppose get into the hand tirely. I'm just sit there because you have nothing else to do with no friends. Not even any hope of making any. This is an autobiography. I sing and heating. People think recovery and they get an alls voodoo nonsense. Ice and heat. John actually help heal you. They prevent some extent or delay to some extent. The very recuperative processes that in the short term, EQ, tighter and more so are been a long term, making more jack and all the solid great stuff. So I see an heating is cool for athletes to use the day before the morning of a game, so they never feel tight to begin with from all the practice or the game they had the other night. But for all of us who are Jim Monkeys, I show call us, we are cool being tightness or enledding those inflammatory processes mediated by the new system, actually heal us and make us more jack. So don't go over there and start doing fucking cryotherapy and heating and shit. The exception is if one of those things really psychologically relaxes you. If you're strange and you're from Northern Europe and you go into the finished song and because that the only song of the three who work in the Swedes, they don't know what they're doing. Now you notice my finish and Swedish accent is the same because to my untrained, stupid American ears, they are the same. Can you tell someone from Indiana apart from someone from Missouri? All those states are further apart than Finland and Sweden, motherfuckers. In any case, my digressions into verbally assaulting the Northern Europeans is just better than us and everything. Aside, if you love the sauna and it's super relaxing for you, amazing thing to do on a recovery day. But if you're in the sauna like I am, you're like, oh, come in a die of fucking heatstroke in here. Why the fuck am I here? At least there's naked dudes. Oh, I'm gonna scratch my knees, sorry. To look at and they're nice. We're naked and they're dudes. It's checks both of my boxes. Unless that is something that turns you on, just don't go. So remember, heat and ice at a physiological level doesn't do dick for you that need on a recovery day. So if you do it on a recovery day, if you're doing sorry, if you're doing a rest day and a recovery day, we'll get to what that means in a second. You don't need all that shit. Just be easy, set on the couch, take walks, eat food, etc. And what I would stay away from, not as a matter of course, not as a matter of principle. But I suppose if you're very serious about your training, all-trust series, and this training cycle is super important to you. Maybe you have a competition coming up or something like that. I would consider avoiding activities that are fun, but not relaxing and restful and easy. You know, 50 cent can be in the club and still be jacked, but the rest of us from your mortals and not like 50 cent. By the way, my dog shit 50 cent impression is incoming. And when I do it, it's probably gonna suck. But it's not the worst 50 cent impression in the world. And I gotta tell you, how do I sound like 50? Well, fucking, I'll just do impression. Ready? Scott's video, are you ready? By me in the club, by the blue bum, I would never even make love and in the second. Anyway, that's what he sounds like. Pretty good. How do I do it? 50 cent never opens his mouth because then I shit wired shut. I don't even understand I talk. So if you're gonna do a 50 cent impression, why is words to you? Just keep your teeth closed the whole time. And you're well on your way. You're about halfway there. So yes, it's fun to go to the club and to grind on everyone. I'm talking about fine ass bitches. I'm talking about bitches who look pretty fucking good. I'm talking about bitches that everybody needs love. I'm talking about the bitches that even know they needed love. What's consent? I'm talking about dudes. Let's 20, 23, whatever you're into. It doesn't matter who you're grinding on. You're moving your hip up and down. You're moving to the music. I'm Jewish. So I have an inability to dance or even understand how dance would work in a muscular, coordinated manner. But I assume it's difficult. And the difficulty of that makes you sweat, makes you sore, makes you tired. Don't do it. If you're very serious in that training phase, so rest day means I know the sounds crazy. Rest. Strange. All right, doctor, Mike, if that's even your real title, you told me what not to do. What are some tips of what to do on a rest day? Well, easy there kind of viewer a couple of tips. First, get as much sleep as you feel like. If you feel like sleeping for 10 hours, rock on sleep is amazing. It is recuperative. It's more powerful than any steroid in the book. Next, eat as much as your diet allows, which means if you're on a mask-aating plan, and you're a lot of 500 calories surplus, you better be taking that shit. If you're on a fat loss phase, you can't eat a ton. Well, eat as much as you can, definitely don't skim on the shit. A common question that I get is look, if I have times when I have training days and other days which are rest, but my Renaissance Predensation diet from the RP.co. Appalachian Apple Store and your Google Play Store, and for money too, and my Butler's stay like money. It takes my rest days and it lowers the calories, but it keeps my training days for higher calories. That okay, it is totally okay. But an advanced tip is, if you're training hard, you're training six days a week. Maybe even five days a week on some occasion. Twice a day on some of those days. It's a really, really good idea for you to think about elevating your off-day calories, especially on a bulk, to the same as your training day calories. Because then you get some extra calories in the mix and you really, really, really allow for that recovery. Because some people, whether or not training, they'll take the calories and drop them like crazy, that's okay if you want to lose fat. But if you're just eating some proteins and trace fats on your rest day, yes, you're resting, but you're not recovering as much as you could. So it's a real good idea to maximize calories if you train a ton a ton, like five, six plus times per week with two it is. Yeah, on your rest day, like I trained six days a week, my rest day as as many calories as any other training day that I do because I'm beat up and I need that ship. Lastly, try to do as much relaxing stuff as you can. Watch Netflix. Great idea. Hang out with friends, chilling on a ton of crazy movement don't go running around the park or anything like that. If it relaxes you, massages are a great idea. Newroom massage isn't even better idea. Do you guys know what new room massages do not Google it at your work computer? Scott, why are you giggling? I was going to say some shit that's private Scott, but one of our friends who's not here, you know what I'm saying, I'm going to talk that shit, but I shouldn't, right? We may be there's the one who might have gotten more. I've heard of people that I've known who've got new room massages. A new room massage is just like any old fashion massage you see except the person that's doing it to you is female, of reproductive age and appearance, entirely naked and completely lathered head to toe in massage oil. And she uses both her hands and the rest of her body to massage you. And I believe all those massages really just kind of end in one way with a happy customer that is. Give it a shot. It's probably dope. But what would I know? I've just seen a few people on the internet do it and websites are not allowed to type in it work. For real, for real though, compassion at touching, cuddling all the way up to et cetera somewhere in there is just regular massage, has a very big effect on reducing fatigue, huge effect. So if you can get some cuddles in, that's a really good idea. So find you someone you can cuddle with and no joke. Petting and cuddling with pets has a profound measurable relaxing effect on most humans, at least the humans it like to do it. So if you have the kitty cat or little bull doggy, this is me playing with their flaps, you move the flaps. Then that's actually helpful for recovery. So you can pick up your bull dog and send a minor lap and he's like, who made big man, help me recover, who's a big man? And it never say anything back. But that's how baby talk works to pets, what you do in every conceivable moment. And if you ever meet me in real life and you have a pet on you, I will absolutely do baby talk to it. Now, that's rest days. But there's another kind of day I want to talk to you guys about which is related. There's a rest day where you don't fucking train. And then there is a recovery training day. You do train on that day, but it's a recovery style training training, whose purpose is not generally to elevate your fitness characteristics to make you better at stuff directly, training that has the purpose of increasing your ability to recover it, and attention for the recovery. Generally speaking, while there are many different ways to skin the cat, you guys ever think about how that actually looks, it's fucked up. The template I like to start with as a thought exercise, at least with recovery days, is to take 50% of the load, 50% of the weight off the bar. Only do 50% of the reps you normally do half the reps and only half of the sets as usual. Did you think about it? Someone who's benching 200 pounds for four sets of 10 is now doing two sets of five with a hundred pounds. Holy fucking shit, that is so much easier. It's so easy in fact that it just barely potentiates through blood flow and stretching and moving and activating the nervous system. It barely potentiates. It's like mini rehab, mini physical therapy, just a little bit of a dose of exercise to super boost the recovery process while not adding any fatigue and actually subtracting. So the biggest quintessential critical thing for recovery training is for it to be very, very easy. If it is remotely difficult, it's a bad idea and you should be resting instead. Recovery days do a recovery training does a couple of really cool things. During multi-day rest periods, if you rest generally for more than about two or three days, your body actually starts to recover slower because your metabolism's like, oh, fact that. I guess we're done with sport. If you do a little bit of light movement and training during a three to four-day rest period, you can actually have better, faster and more complete recovery. In addition, just that minor workload and moving through going through the motions can save a little tiny fraction of muscle from going away. These are tiny fractions, but over months and years of training, they can add up. And because you're still training with the exercises during recovery training and because the exercises are so easy, very far from failure, very low, much lower reps, many fewer sets, much less load. You're actually able to focus on technique meticulously, so recovery training, still take your technique very seriously. And then it's an extra opportunity to improve your technique while your fatigue comes down. Very, very, very cool. When should you use these? A couple, there's there are more situations that I'm going to list, but I would at least probably about 95% of all situations, falling in, I think, basically three things. One, when you otherwise have multiple, and this, I mean, three or more days off in a row. So if you take a recovery half week, you take a d-load, you take an active rest, well, yeah, all the training days on those are recovery training days, roughly half of everything and super easy. If you are just taking two days off from the gym, don't take your second day and go in their new stuff. If you're one day off, don't you dare go to the fucking gym. If it's three day off, 50, 50. Maybe the middle day, a second day, you can go and do recovery training. But if it's four or five six days off, yeah, I should probably get your rest in there and do one or two recovery training sessions. That's a good idea. Next, it's a really big advantage these kinds of days when technique optimization is a big factor for hypertrophy trainees such as, well, maybe you and definitely me, it's not a big deal. My hypertrophy technique's not that complicated. Also, you get a shitload of practice because you're doing tons of sets of reps all the fucking time. But if you are a weightlifter or a powerlifter or if you're into SNM, which means strongman, then you have an opportunity to do all the events and lifts very light and maybe even for a little bit of speed and that promotes recovery and it improves your technique. So to a body builder, if given the chance between a recovery day and just a day off, many times they'll just take the day off because they don't have a lot of rest days to begin with anyway and because technique doesn't matter much so one of the upsides is a little bit not as big of a deal. But for people who are powerlifters, weightlifters or strongman competitors, we're just recreational strength, people, strongman and strong woman, I think women just still call the sports, strongman, just a bit of a archaic term. If that's the case, man, recovery training is actually fucking great because it drops your fatigues. You can get crazy, heavy training after, but also makes you more technical. So when you go to that crazy, heavy training, you're even more fluid and everything is really good. And lastly, you can use these when you are taking away pre-planned hard training days and replacing them with recovery training days. If you had just rest days planned, like you planned two rest days. And on the second day, you're like, man, want to go to the fucking gym. I didn't have any fucking thing planned here and I'm not supposed to be at the gym, but fucking all go do a recovery training session. That's not the worst thing in the world, but it's kind of fucking stupid because you really, two or three days in a row, just rest and let the body relax. The utility of a recovery training session doesn't really show itself until you do rest for a couple of days. That's when it really makes a big difference. And if you're layering in more training than you're supposed to be, if you're supposed to train five days a week, but now you're adding an extra recovery training session on that sixth day to quote Dr. James Hoffman, one of the world's experts in recovery training and RP coach, you do not recover by adding so if you're six today was supposed to be hard, but you're like way too fucked up to do it, replacing it with a recovery training, great idea. Five days was the plan. Six was supposed to be rest, but you're like, man, fuck rest. I'll sleep, but I'm dead, brother, dope. But you're going to be dead real soon because if you go and do a recovery training, it's just probably a waste of your time. At best. And at worst, it actually markedly adds fatigue because of the psychological fatigue of going to the gym and experiencing all that bullshit. Otherwise, outside of the circumstances, probably take a rest day. Now, there is a feature to this discussion more advanced of timing your rest days. Generally speaking, if you're training five-part-trifian strength, you're going to take somewhere between one and three total rest days per week, which is if you train four days a week, you take three rest days, five days a week, you take two, six days a week, you take one, seven days a week of training is not a serious approach training. If you're hard-core athlete, you want the best possible results, you should be training at most six days a week. I really do think that because again, this all fucking lecture about how rest days are important, so you need at least one's per week. When you're constructing your plan, let's say you train five days per week. You have a choice. You can either interspersier rest days or you can take them contiguously, which means they line up or adjacently, one, one up to another. So you could do Monday, Tuesday, rest, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, rest, and then come back, or you could do Monday through Friday training, and then Saturday, Sunday, rest contiguous adjacent days and then Monday back to training. By a small margin, I think most of the time, and I mean like 60, 40, contiguous training days, sorry, definitely training days, contiguous adjacent rest days, if you have more than one, are usually a good idea, at least two in a row, at one point during your week. You can drop a lot of fatigue in one day, you really can with a great night of sleep, but two rest days in a row, get you jazzed the fuck up for psychotraining like none other. There's some special to that. And if you're a bodybuilder, hypertrophy needs to not that hard, you might be able to do just one rest day or not even do the contiguous ones maybe five days a week, but you split it up, no big deal. But you're a strength athlete, you're strong and you're a powerlifter. I highly recommend taking two days off in a row. It can be a game changer, at least try it and see how you feel. Now, within all that context, whether or not you do the contiguous days, there are a few timing options you can choose from, and they both have their upsides and downsides. One intelligent way to take a rest day, let's say your bodybuilder, is before your big priority day or days. Let's say that you have two rest days a week. And this mesocycle, fuck this whole training block, three mesocycles in a row, like chief four to six months of training, you want big back gains. You were at the club, and you really gave noticed you from across the room, but she's like, I'm going to cut you off. She had my exact ton of voice. She's like, when you came over here, I thought you were a fucking hot, but then you turned around to look back at your friends and I noticed you have the back of what looks to be a literal vagina. And I'm not interested in you talking to me. When you come back to me, when you've got a fucking meat on your god damn spine, and then she takes a shot, and fucks off. You're like, first of all, that bitch was Russian for sure. Second of all, damn her voice is weird. She was so hot. She had these horns on her head from growth hormone abuse. Are they still there, Scott? I love them. You need a big back. You're like, fuck that. I'm never getting distant to the club like that. Out of fucking knock them off, fuck her out. Now, hit women, but I'd also bite head knock her out because my back's not big enough. What are you going to do? You have two rest days a week. A smart thing to do is to take your rest days before your big two back training sessions of that week. Tuesday, you train back, Friday, you train back. Odd, but Monday and Thursday are your rest days, which means that you show up Tuesday and Friday for back training. You can't fucking wait to rip the barn to pieces. You're fed, you're rested, and you're going to put every fucking ounce of pain and brutality and bare as many times just never having become the person you were supposed to be. Fuckie worked out. I don't know what they all have that shit. I'm going to put it in the goddamn way. Very good idea. Another compelling idea also exists. Instead of taking the rest days before your training to get up for it, take the most important training for you in that mess of cycle, which is in the aircase because you got disted the club, the back. And put it, put the rest days after the back training. You get in the gym, tie or not, tie or grind, but then you get a day off after what do you do during the day you fucking rest, and you sleep, and you relax, and you eat what happens to your back, it grows and grows, and grows because you will not see higher growth rates in any muscle. In any time during the week, other than the time directly after training, and especially that day after that, when you get a ton of growth, you might as well line it up because if you do another workout that day, there's some interference. It could not be large, but it will absolutely be interference. So if you're really serious about bringing up some kind of muscle group, that you've been offended about at the club by a female Russians speaking woman, then either taking a rest or rest day before that big priority muscle group or after, they're both fine options. Ideally, you would take before and after, then you're training like twice a week, and that doesn't make any fucking sense. Lastly, there is another compelling case where you take your off days on weekends, why? Because weekends generally for all of life-strafting, work, school, your parole officer keeps calling you. She didn't my life that I have to deal with. On the weekends, it happens less. So the weekends are already a low stress time. Why not maximize the fuck out of that by taking those as rest days? You're working like a dog Monday through Friday anyway. So Thursday's your rest day, you're at fucking work. The boss is yelling at you. You're at school, you're a professor, you're yelling at you. Show up to your parole officer. She's yelling at you. And then she's like, if you've been a bad boy, she's got handcuffs. That's pretty dope. It's got to be a guy. When you were on parole for that one-and-a-crime series of crimes, crime-sprie, that we won't talk about, did you ever get SNMed by your female parole officer? Oh, I see. You're like, I'm not into the seduction park. I'm into paint just beat me with your baton mercilessly. She's a boat. Okay. Haven't found you all, yes? In any case, that's gross. Folks, this is a family channel. Okay. You gotta ask. Same. So weekends are awesome because they're a big cool down and they take that rest that you're trying to remember. The point of rest is to recover and they maximize your ability to recover. Consent-traded loading, consolidation of stressors into one part of the week, consolidation of rest into another, sport science approved. It sounds like I said a bunch of things. And you're like, well, certainly, I have to hit one of these if I arrange my rest days. You could not. You could say, chest is really important and you train your chest Tuesday and Friday. And on Monday and Thursday, you're training legs and back together. And I can Wednesday and Saturday, you're training shoulders and arms like crazy. So, okay. Well, you just be tired on both sides for your chest. Good job. And then it turns out that you take your off days. Some fucking wear other than that. That's not the weekend. And then so like you fucked up everything. You can totally fuck up most of this or not all this. So, if you have priority muscle groups, try to rest either before after. And if you don't, try to rest in the weekends. No, this is minor stuff. It's that mandatory. But if you want to make a little optimal-ish kind of program, then download the RP Hypergrophy app, link in bio, no description, description. I can YouTube. But for this stuff, think about your recovery to maximize it. Try to do the best as you can. And that's it. Folks, that's all I have. Go rest and come back and don't watch any of our videos until you're well rested. That doctor's orders. See you then.