Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Predensation and I'm here to talk to you about the stupidest reason I've ever personally heard for using steroids and that is to try to get girls. This presentation is entirely hypothetical because I have never seen a girl in real life let alone gotten the tone as to go talk to her. I assume that's what you do to girls. But in any case, I digress. Here's the thing. There are tons of bad reasons to do steroids and many people may be most used in for terrible reasons. But I had a question on a recent video that really just you ever read something like internet and just goes like, right into your fucking brain and you're like, ah, I got to make a video about this. Here's the video. It was a video of one of the earlier ones we made about steroid downsides and tradeoffs and costs and all those bad stuff and you're going to, you know, die sooner and you're going to be dumber and someone was like, yeah, for sure, I feel all that, but and actually have the quote here. I want to use them because I want to get a female attention like the jacked guys at my gym seem to get. Oh boy. This is so off base. This assumption and this logic that I had to make a video about it because believe it or not, humble brag, not so humble, brag coming up. I'm the most jacked guy at most gyms. I'm like, dragons layer or there's all pros and I'm not exactly a women in the sea of you know what clearly it is because I'm five foot one as my official height. I decided to put various parts of my faith where they don't belong, but I do have some insight on this and it's one of these things where you see someone genuinely, wholeheartedly believing something that couldn't be further from the truth. In this case, very very very far from the truth. I just had to say something's here we go. Here we go. Here we go. The big question here and a couple of questions off is will getting more muscular get you more theme. More female attention. Very generally the answer is yes, but huge but maybe that's the kind of girls you're into. Ah, ah comedy. It's just by a bit more on average female attention from being jacked versus not jacked. It's a small change and it's only to a point. If you gain a certain amount of muscle and then gaining past that, you actually get into the neutral zone of the last 10 pounds of muscle you put on had no effect. How much you were pulling in and then after that it's actually less and less. It gets tougher to get laid as you get more and more jacked. On average of course. Another very interesting thing that I'm going to this is a hill I'm in a fucking die on. I mean technically I'm a scientist so I have to say all of these are tentative conclusions and I will absolutely change them in light of better reasoning and evidence. But I think this is good. Good reasoning and evidence here. The point of peak male attractiveness physique wise. For the average hot girl and what she prefers let's say in the modern Western world. For sure in the Asian world because Asian girls tend to like eyes that are significantly less muscular is achievable by the vast majority of people within five years of completely drug free training. Just to anchor this in your mind. Because I won't give reasons in blah, blah, blah, blah. Specific numbers and a second we'll get into this. But if you're having trouble believing this you are part of a subculture fitness which is different. Very very different and we can get some illusions as to about what is that most people like. It matters a shitload to you that you're jacked and shredded and vaining in the gym and you're looking in the mirrors. But the girls around you in the gym are at a Scott fitting out where do people meet girls when they talk to women. bars clubs disco texts, saloons getting old wild west here. Get shot. And it's got a hot, bitch for some guns. In any case. Regular people, regular hot girls even fitness hot girls. Think that Brad Pitt from a fight club is like the bees knees. He's like heroin thin. Fuck. I'm starting to sound like coach Greg over here. Brad Pitt. You guys. It is not a jack guy. And all. And if you look at all the celebrities that females like the most. Oh, let's see. Justin Bieber could just straight walk into a fucking crowd. If you and you might place now for casual sex. And they're like, ah, bro, Justin Bieber, ways to talk. My fucking leg does. We are in a mass delusion in the fitness community about what it is that is peak attractive for the purposes of attracting females in this case. If you're male, if you're female and you're watching this, she's a better uses if you're tired. Just on to the next. I am on the say, it's going to sound nicer. Be pleasant to it. Even make sense. In any case, here's the thing. If you're about six feet tall, all you have to wait at a relatively lean around 10% body fat is 175 pounds or so. And that's pretty fucking close to what the average hot girl thinks is the hottest physical type for a guy. Not insanely much the face or the income or the personality will get to that later. Two things I know about each one of those and we move on with just on physique alone. It doesn't take much. Now, if you want to get bigger than that by 10 or 20 pounds, it's probably going to yield about the same amount of female interest or appreciation just in a different way. Like, oh, like, hey, when you think about Connor, like, he's kind of big, but I like that. Like, that's like 181.9 year, whatever. That's six feet. If you get to above 200 and keep going relatively lean, you're into like the muscle fetish girls that really like jack guys, but like there's a small fraction of all attractive girls that you probably into. And the attractive girls that are not muscle fetishes are less and less inclined to believe that you are very attractive anymore. And it'd be like, hey, like, what do you think of like Connor and they're like, I don't know, it kind of looks like the rock. It's like too bad direct quote. All right. So let's try some other heights. I ran the numbers on this. Here's how it looks. This is going to potentially shock you. Here we go. 150 pound male physique at 5 foot 6. That's how tall I am. IRL. That gets you. And FFMI of about 21.8, which is like damn near 5 points below where they start to think you might be taking steroids. This is not an overly jacked individual. That's fat free mass index by the way for folks I'm on a Google that at 5 foot 6. So if you're 5 6, which is my height, weird. If you're around 150 pounds lean, you're kind of in that zone of what the average girl who likes guys and is attracted to them seems to think is probably really best. Now average is a huge bandwidth. Tons of different kinds of girls know where he's, but if you're really like, you're going to take steroids to improve your physique to get the girls. They get least got to be shooting for the highest volume of girls possible. You can be odd to take steroids to get like this 1% of really weird girls. And if you're into that, hey, fuck and juice up fucking fuck off whatever. But if you're really serious about like I just want attention from females, you could have the logical thing to do is to become as attractive as you can be to as many people as possible. And that means if you happen to be 5 foot 6, which is never brewing in an adult height, like me, all you do is you weigh 150 pounds with some abs, okay, about 10% body fat, and that already puts you into above average muscularity. 150 or 5, 6. Man, do you really need steroids for that? The answer is maybe, but highly, highly unlikely. If you're 6 feet tall, it's about 175 pounds, and if you're 6 foot 6, first volume of swim in the shit, because bitches love a tall mother fuck. But all you gotta do is weigh about 200 pounds. NBA players, 200 pounds at 6, 6, 6, but that's actually like a pretty stout NBA player. Do those guys have problems following in there? How many NBA girls you ever seen? Like, yeah, like an NBA guy, I had a maybe, it's like too skinny. A lot of people think NBA guys are muscular. They wear the jersey, they got the Nelson. I don't know, I got it, it's so big, like, no, he's not. And you're over here killing yourself about it. But the reality is, our standard, our community standard of what we think, our guy should be, it's kind of infinite. Like, if you see a guy who's like 5 foot 6 and 3, 4, do you lean, you're like, yes, calves are small though. But if you say, don't 150, 5, 6, you're like, what does that Harry Potter impersonator? Get out of here, but in reality, your point Harry is pulling that shit in. You feel beating, I know problem, you got a wand and shit, bitch, that. In any case, that those are the numbers. And you can be skeptical of them, please, I encourage you to do so. Give them some thought. Google some celebrities. Google models, male models. That's a real job, by the way. I used to be a male model for some time. I don't like to talk about it, it was a very traumatic. It's an exploitative industry. Google their heights and weights. So the extent that you can get variable numbers, you're going to be like, oh shit, I'm already a, the most jack mail model it's ever been. It's a real thing folks, it's a real thing now. Here's the thing. For some people, within five years of drug free training, these numbers will actually not be attainable recently. Maybe they're attainable in eight years, maybe 10, maybe never. Okay? And for those people, steroids use may have a net attractive improving effect to the opposite sex. But before we get to be in like, yeah, those guys should use steroids. We have to ask a more intelligent question, which is, if the goal is to get laid more, or, well, I'm sorry, to presuppose. We'll put this more PG to get girls to like you more, see, God, nice dates, meet nice young ladies that are clear, oriented and have everything big and out, even hold that hand on a walk through the park afterwards, and Malady, and you walk off, and it text them two days later, like a respectful person. That's what you're into. Then, yes, you could have a number of things you could do, like taking steroids. Absolutely, is a fine idea, not really, maybe. But you could also do a bunch of other things to improve your life. That's the whole goal here, presupposed in this discussion is like, I want to take steroids that are more attractive than I could track more ladies, right? Everyone else, okay, so if you have a physique that is already meeting these standards, or is above, or just below, and you've gotten their drug free, we've only been training for two or three years and you're damn near there, do not use steroids to attract women to become more attractive to women, because you can do without steroids and without all the fucking awful side effects. Let me tell you, there's a ton, all right? So, here's the thing. First, second, there are other ways to increase your chances of interacting with the opposite sex, and officially. We'll get to that in a sec. But first, steroids are not something you just do, and then what happens is your body becomes more muscular, and then what happens next is you wake up in a room full of adult film stars. Most of them female, some of those boys in the videos, they look pretty cute. I wouldn't say no if you know what I mean. I'd say no, but I'd be playful about it. In any case, you don't just take drugs and you wake up in a group and origin or, oh, I did it. Finally, here's what really happens. Here are the downsides. First downside that came to mind, it's real. It's relatively frequent. It's a direct-tile dysfunction. Back in serious? Nancy's finally, oh my god, Rob, that's me out. And later, she's like, you want to come back to my place? Rob's like, yeah, I thought, yeah, I want to do that. I just like, just, if I can just take me. And you're like, uh, yeah. Can we just like, tune your high-the-shit? I got hands. I want a working member. She'll say next in my voice. Strange. ED, not fun. Not remotely fun. Not some shit you want to get into, and it's a very common side effect. And I'm going to give you the fnh.gov bullshit. You look up Buddhist areas, you're like, they give you the impulse and your friends break up with you and you get cancer the next day. Like, ah, that's all over exaggerated. But there, ED shit is real a shit. Without putting too fine to point on it, you know what I'm saying? Hmm, it's got to be to you guys again, we'll hide in here. Not hide enough for me to get an erection. Oh, moving on. Health shit. They're bad for your health, legitimately. That's not help your game. Moog shit, holy crap. Typically, you would go to a club or bar to interact with people in a Jovial way. Like, hey, what's up? Oh my god, Rhonda, from Mergey. If you are on more gear, uh, any gear versus being drug free, is your more likely to become a bit more sound into bit more like this. We fucking stand the bar and go, oh, dammit. I bet I got fucking beat up every single bounce are here. And then Karen from Earth, like, hey, aren't you like I? Jim from work. Can you look, yeah, so what if I am she saying, okay, and she just fucks off and you're like, uh, come back. I'm used to be nice when I was a man here. Yes, steroids can improve your confidence. But a lot of times, that's confidence in and not so nice way. Not life of the party confidence, more like approaching a 405 pound deadlift kind of confidence. John, oh, you guys pick up girls, uh, not exactly the kind of vibe you want to create. In addition to that, I'm a little further. Stairheads make you more masculine on your mood and even your brain processes, which I suppose is the same thing. But you end up being less communicative, less empathic, you're able to clue in on people's emotions a bit worse and, um, sort of give, given tape with people, like, uh, you know, if someone's like, oh, I kind of bad day today. Like if you're not on gear, you're like, oh, man, that sucks. Like I really feel bad. If you're on lots of gear, and they're like, I'm having a bad day. Like, yep, just get stuff sometimes. You're like, okay, I don't. You see me and focused and angry. Yeah, that's kind of what you're like. So that ideal. Next legal shit. Hey, shit is illegal, right? So if you're like, fuck, and I'm going to buy steroids and get laid more. We're going lying here like, by steroids.com. Yeah, it's a site from Indonesia. It should be safe. It agents bust down your nose, but I'm not going to happen, but you might get things that aren't steroids. In any case, because they're illegal, it's all bunch of shit. You just probably don't want it. It's a huge cost, as well. I'm trying to say. Another thing is the real life of taking steroids is injecting sucks, traveling with your gear and even know how that works. Who's got time for that shit? It's awful. It's not used to wonders, but I don't know. I take a pill and boom. I agree. I reject and files and needles and swabs and all this. Yeah, it's like, if you get a girlfriend girlfriend, you can have to tell her sooner or later. She's like, hey, so like, this guy's like, I'm an Instagram, he's super juicy, stop it's gross. And you're like, oh, yeah, I thought that guy. She's like, I would never date a guy. It's dare I'd use it. I would also never date a guy who used steroids. Just to agree with her, but like, you're going to hide your vials or some shit. It's all nonsense. Unless these steroids cost money, which you could spend on other things that would get you laid at higher ROI. Can I say later again? Take matter terrible. Question. What other levers, casino style, can you pull to get more female attention to become more attractive to the opposite sex to potentially get more dates? I say it's very nice. That maybe have fewer downsides than using anabolic androgenic steroids. And holy shit, I thought of at least seven of them. Again, this is all entirely theoretical. I have yet to speak to my first woman. Hey, Scott, do you guys talk to a lot of girls? Is it scary? You know, it's like a roller coaster. It's like after you go over the first hump, it's just smooth sailing. But what about the flip roller coasters that the flip as after the first hump? That's that one crazy night in Vegas. You don't tell anyone about. You tell your pastor five years later. And he walks out of the booth and throws up and you're like, holy shit, I guess confession as it's limits. In any case, here we go. If you want to increase female attraction, with yourself as the node that is the attractor, there's a couple things you can do that have to do with taking drugs and getting more jacked, and they're generally much more effective. Here we go. One, it's confidence. Maybe the most, maybe the thing females are attracted to the most. Certainly top two or three things, than most attracted to. And it's a trainable skill. I have a shit load of it now. I can talk to anybody, I don't give a fuck, clearly. But like when I was in high school, early college, holy shit. I was introverted. I was just like this, do my fucking homework. I did a lot homework, nah, I know all this fucking science shit. But I had a hardly talked to people, but I realized I had confidence is really important. Actually, I had a girl I liked to tell me that directly, and I was like, noted, and then for several years later, there's got to mean something. And there's something you can work on. It's something that's like training you exposure self to. And one of the ways to increase your confidence is actually point number two, which is to practice your conversational skills. Like, it's so funny, right? The point of becoming more attractive is so you get to talk to girls in a way that's like, hey, just like, for fun. And then maybe go somewhere. But we do this in the gym for 80 hours a week, and this, and if I can get jacked, and then you come up to a girl, and she's like, oh my god, you're jacked, I love that, and you're like, ah, nothing to say, your conversation skills suck. Great conversation skills can close a fucking ill-up easy. They're super, super powerful, and mega, mega, mega trainable. You just get good at this stuff. There's tons of guy books and stuff back in the old days. People would resh it like, you know, social dynamics, the game, pickup artists. That's all conversation skills, and confidence. And you get them both through intelligently applying the principles, and I was going to say exposing yourself, I'm not exactly what I meant to, certainly a way to do it, land you and jail. Just getting in and getting the volume of interactions. Talk to, you know, easy to start out with someone super nice. Talk to grandma, be like, hey grandma, what's going on? Try to hold a conversation and talk to grandpa. And then talk to, you know, like, the lady down the street, that's always nice to you. And then you're at least three people you're talking to, that you're pretty decent at, and then talk to someone, it a grocery store, just like talk to the cashier for a second, and then you're good. I can talk to people, I've got some things to say, and you try to talk to girl with a gym, you shit your pants, physically, literally, right there in gym floor, everyone laughs at you, they point, you go in the bathroom, you cry a lot, it's all right, go out there and talk to them. It's all right, go out there and talk about how big of a shit you took of a gym. Yeah, I'm not guy that did that shit. See, now we got confidence. Here's the thing, I'm not just blown, blown, air up your skirts here, this shit works. We're fucking better beginning juice out of your mind. It just does. I wish it wasn't the case, you would be swimming in the shit, I'm jacked out of my, fucking mind here, this stuff just straight up more important, and trainable, which means that if you're genetically an introvert, you could be like the cool kind of, like, doesn't say a lot, but always says kind of the right shit type of person. This is a worlds your oyster, you can be really, really good at this stuff. Number three, humor. They just love to laugh at some shit, and I have, I got nothing else going for me. You laugh that still, if I give a naked eye, never spoken to an actual female, but hypothetically, it could do great, humor's a big deal, also trainable, also potentiated by confidence and by conversational skills. I start to see there's a bit of a kind of a cool lesson between all these things that make you drum roll, social, which is the whole interaction of trying to get laid is social. So, matters will actually train the thing you were going out. Like some people will be like, I want to get as jacked as possible. No, that's what you're doing there, push ups and sit ups, right? I got you. You're doing like a push-up and sit-up contest later, like, nope, why don't you, like, lift weights and do cables and machines, and things that actually make you optimally jacked? Like, I don't know, fuck that. Okay, so it's just a stupid, just be in the gym training for girls whereas most of the thing involved after they let you into the conversation is conversation shit, which should be working on if you really, really thought this through. Number four, these are mostly like statistical elements of what actually determines attractiveness, but there are ways to leverage yourself into improving your chances here. So one is something called local status. Female's generally in a group paid attention to who the alpha is, but it's not necessarily alpha and like, where's the ed hardy shit? You know, and has like one of those got the video guy probably has that right now. One of them beards cut off like this little trim beard, and he's a pro there's, has that necessarily alpha? It's like if you're the top trainer at your gym, for example, I can, and people know you're just a really good personal trainer. Another personal trainer girls, the other girls are training that kind of like, keep an eye on you. They're like, oh, that's that guy Kevin. I don't know if I've heard people talk about him. And all of a sudden, your status with them goes up because in that local little zone, you're kind of the fucking, you're kind of the big man on campus, right? And that's definitely a thing. And it's a matter of not being alpha like, hey, well, got away, nerd, and pushing people soft drinks out of the way. It's a matter of just generally competency, like you're kind of the best or one of the best at someone thing in some little area. I'll tell you this, if you're the best guy at math in your college math class, fuck, so the longest thing ever is like one half of a girl at the average math class. Let me back up psychology and the hell now we're in the money. Through the best person in your psychology class, at psychology class, there are going to be a few girls that are going to be like, oh, a more interested than you than you had expected, because you're in the fucking man, you're that guy. Get a very small scale. That's often not that hard to do, just by working on something and becoming really good at. In addition to that, there's global status, which are ways of representing status that apply, not just here, not just there, but kind of more around the board, even around the world. So things like a high income job, right? Bitch, see a tax return, if you're going to land up at your house, cool, wick. Please don't show random people your tax returns. But you know what I'm saying? If you're pulling in that paper, holy shit, you could look like fuck all. You know what's that? The classic, that's my, like that's my golden life. There's been a short, shriveled up Jewish man with a gazillion dollars. And by 18 supermodels around me, I'll just start hiring supermodels. It's my butlers. It's my wife, all approved. And then you, you fucking made it. But there's tons of people like that in real life. Look at the fuck is that asshole, that a war joy. Shit, dude. So the guy that owns half the Hollywood, oh, oh, and girls actually think that's attractive. Money talks. It's, I think it's definitely a thing. And you have a choice in how much money you make. You can become profoundly good at something and offer your services on the marketplace and just end up fucking making way more money than you were. And you're not, which increases your value perceived value to the opposite sex. In addition, demonstrators of previously high income, like lots of what's called stable wealth, you get your house, you get your car. Like, you know, there's a very different conversation where you're in a bar, let's say in like New York. And, you know, you're just talking to girl. And she's like, so like, where are you like, where are you from? Like, do you live around here? Like, very different conversation, like, room under the cup of buddies here, down, it's cheap, but the work's in the road, which is actually my friends versus you mean, like, well, actually, like, I don't think, I've kind of like, I have a piece of land in Westchester. Yeah, it's a bit of a commute, but I love this bar. You know, bitches like, got dollar signs for eyes at this point, like, oh, ladies, shit, what the fuck bit of land? Do you have letters? Do you have a Lamborghini? Oh, you're not Dr. Mike. Get out of here. In any case, industry awards. I know, crazy. Like, if you're the best neuroscientist in a given year at some awards thing, you go to the bank or later, people look at you different. You're fucking rank one. That's important. Military stuff. Huge. You grant you, you finish out. You're your time in the Navy, and you get your dress bluser, whatever. That's a real thing, girls. They're all with that. Man in uniform. I'll take me a piece of that. And, of course, of course, fame. If you're famous, famous, not the stupid internet, not for real famous, Scott the video guy, famous, for example. Wait, no, that's infamous. You know, like, if you're a Scott, with a leading male today that we can consider famous, I'm so out of touch. The Thor guy. The Thor guy. And for hell's worth. That heck is his first name? The Dr. Saviourist. Chris Evans. Captain America. I mean, if you see, if Chris Evans comes up to the average girl in a coffee shop, and she's seen any Marvel movie, and he's like, hey, how are you? I just kind of noticed that I just didn't want to be rude. She's instantly going to urinate herself and be like, just take, just take me away. Just like it take me away. I want to be your wife. Maybe that's too much attractiveness. Anyway, celebrity's the thing. You can really aim to be a celebrity. It's not likely it's not really like a plan goal, but you sure a shit can do a great job at your work. accumulate a lot of stable wealth, and then realize that shit. Yes, taking steroids is significantly easier, but accumulating wealth and getting a great job. Have zero downsides on the net balance. It's just all amazing. Taking steroids is like, yeah, plus is a minus isn't the very best. Next, this is going to be the latest thing I ever say. It just happens to be true. Fashion, and like, how you do your hair, pull a decent amount with women. Sometimes outranking, even physique. I'll put this in a very, very fine point. The fraction of women that can resist a man in a well-fitted suit, is zero. This may be not something you knew. This is something I didn't know until relatively late in my game, so to speak. What does an attractive girl wear to really get attention? I mean, like, as kind of a, no, like, short skirt, fucking the boots to go up to whatever, fucking, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Da. Holy stuff. What does a man wear to attract a woman the most? Most man will be like, basketball, strong. Posing, trunks, wrong. Well-fitted suit. Well-fitted business suit for some damn reason. Probably to do the status and wealth. It affects women different. And then I, oh, who's that guy? I don't know. Just some important. I want him. I want him. I have to have. In any case, that's some shit you'd get into. Why not say this? Because, like, you might have 140 pound physique at 5 foot 6, or 10 pounds away, and you've been training for eight years, it's just not a legitimate accessory for you to be 150 pounds of 5-6, which is ideal meal jacked, right? And you think fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, like, I had to take steroids. Now, hold on a sec. What about just, like, getting you some wealth-fitted clothes? Getting your hair done and your beard done, right? And shit, like that. It's some shit I've never done, and never fucking will do. It's totally outside of my fucking area of shit I do. But it works, man. It works. And if you're really serious by getting laid more, that's the shit that'll work way better than juicing to the kills. Lastly, on this note, of things you could do better that would get you more female attention than using steroids, is what I call targeting your best ROI archetype. Ideally, we're all fucking thaw from the Avengers, and we're just like, physically walk on fields of the giant as all the time. Yes, great. But there are so many ways to present whatever it is that you have in your own way that's optimized for attraction, especially to target a specific sub-population of females that you may be interested in, that you don't have to completely change yourself to optimize your attraction for attractiveness, rather. So, for example, like, there's a shitload of hipster girls, which some of them are fine. See, you're seeing a hipster bitch in a coffee shop, you're like, what all? You know what I'm saying? I'm not into that hipster shit, but hello, the problem is that will work. Because you usually hit hipster guys. But if you're a hipster guy and you've got the whole beard oil shit going on, and you're not in the greatest shape, but you can talk hipster bullshit, you wear all the right clothes, those girls are into you way more likely. And if you just optimize that version of yourself, you're going to be swimming in that hipster ish, you don't have to go on, get like six-foot-seven, blonde, Scandinavian model girl, because like, that's huge, but there's tons of other great stuff going on that just fitted to your archetype. No, you're not a professional basketball player or fucking billionaire CEO. It may realistically be out of very unlikely freedom track. You know, I'm kind of like, you know, elite blonde model or some shit, but there's a lot of finance woman out there that are into some different shit, and they may be into some of the shit you got going on, because there's all shapes and all walks and all sizes that fit squarely into very attractive, and you're not trying to attract the whole world just a small fraction. And then voila, right? There is a type of girl out there that very likely already likes which you have going on. You take what you have going on, get a bit more confident about better conversational skills. Couple of canned jokes I'm kidding, better sense of humor. Get you some status through doing a good job, accumulate some wealth, put on a well-fitted suit, holy shit, well maybe the hipster girls might not like to suit. Whatever, well-fitted, Scott would a hipster guy's aware that, like, for the record hipsters, non-nostate, I love you guys, but I'm all right. When you have a flannel shirt that's five sizes too small for your body, and the top button is buttoned up to here, so I think you're choking to death, and you have them skinny jeans on, Scott, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, kind of like a pair of like, poiny boots, what you, you, the wicked witch, some shit with them boots for. But in any case, you put some of that shit on, why are you doing your best life, you got that confidence? That's it, hipster girls. Is this a whole talk about how to pick up hipster girls back, accent, what have I created? In any case, all right, here's the thing. What have we established and what does the grand conclusion? First, most guys, most guys probably you, can get to peak general attractiveness physique for themselves, naturally within five years of training, and a serious attempted dieting, is just a thing. Again, Brad Pitt and Fight Club, not an impressive physique. Just Hollywood shit, but that really is the physique. Most girls are like, that's great, but I still don't want to be a bit more muscular. Not at all. God damn, that's a low bar. Oh fuck, here's a guy that girls make a super hot, Tom Hiddleston, Loki from the Avengers is like a super fucking attractive. Because like a fucking rail, do you think he fucking takes steroids and lifts? Are you kidding? Why? So put that into perspective. Second, for those folks that can't get up to that muscular-rare leanness, for genetic reasons, within naturally within five or whatever number of years they've tried, the return on investment on non-stairway, levers of attraction, things you could do like improving your humor, confidence, income, etc. are just way higher than for steroids. And in the reality, point number three is, most guys that use gear just really aren't doing it for girls. They're just off on their own shit somewhere and turning into a comic book. Well, everyone has a normal life and family and loving friends. You're just fucking doing this and you seem to think that's great. So it's kind of a big illusion that like, oh yeah, you want to be attractive. Use drugs like that's that how that works. And that bodybuilder guy that is, you know, that fitness chick keeps talking to. It turns out that, you know, he doesn't even want her attention because he's so trend out of his mind. He just wants to work out. And she's like, what are you doing later? He's like, oh, the way for me, I'm curling later. And I'm like, oh, did he do that to get her? No, no, no, no. She's just weird and into guys that are super jacked. And trying to understand this is really tough. Because most of us think like, especially watching this channel. Yeah, like, if you're more jacked, better things happen to you in real life. It's just better to be more jacked. But turns out getting more jacked just gets you more jacked and not predictably a whole lot. I also have a strength from cross-sectional area stuff like that. But guys comparing who's more jacked is kind of like girls comparing brand names of clothes. Like, you may walk in, let's say with a girl that you're friends with to a gym. And you're pretty jacked and there's like, I wee more jacked. Oh, look at that guy. She's like, oh, no, what do you mean? Look at him. I'd love to look like that. She's like, ah, that ain't me. And you're like, what? But in a similar way, girls like we'll judge other girls for wearing some kind of off-brand. Like, um, those are not real Gucci pants, girl. And I'm like, like, the fuck is Gucci? It's just some shit my buttlers buy with their Lamborghini salaries. I don't even know what it is. But most guys couldn't give a flying fuck. Could you imagine you see a fine ass girl to gym, fuck the gym. You see a fine ass girl to barren like that. And you're like, you know, a girlfriend, friend that's a girl that you're with is like, oh my God, she's really wearing that brand. You're like, what are you both the fuck? Gives a shit. She's like, aren't you like, this is gross y'all? She's wearing like cheap stuff. Fuckin' that hair. Who the fuck can read a brand from where he who gives a shit? Same idea. Guys are in to jack. Guys, girls are into brands. Goes that way. So if you want to go this way, you gotta meet somewhere in the middle. And luckily, it just doesn't take a herculean physique to be able to do. You can probably get there without drugs at all. So if you're thinking of using steroids and other performance and answer you substances to get more girls, think again. Yeah, just kidding. 19A's drug propaganda out of the way. Seriously, think about it again. And there is really a good chance that you don't have to do anything like that. And there's way better stuff you could be doing. So that you don't end up like me. I first forgotten. I don't think anyone's ever talked to me. It's certainly not a girl. That's like out there fellas. See you in the comments.