There were filming a video here. Can you not? Did I mention it was unbelievable? I know when somebody's about to say you. Oh, oh, oh. Folks, the RP Strength Summer Sale is upon us. We've got tons of savings out of our apps and a bunch of digital products. Click in the link down below in the description. Let's get started with today's video. You people. Kind of told us that you want to grow Siri Hall. I hate the whole idea. I'm just going to be frank with you right now. Everyone's watching me. Talk to a cell phone camera. I'm at the Croger in Bright Michigan, which is the greatest Croger of all time. And I'm going shopping. Let's go shopping. Let's go shopping. First on my list is going to be veggies. I either get like nine. Peanut shaped foods are one long peanut shaped food. Yeah. I'm a numbers kind of guy. Two cumbersome amazing. I like to eat them straight. Which now we need an actual functional food that denights body and soul. Broccoli Slough. Goes into my beef and rice and turkey. Meals that you guys may be a ceiling, a chairble. And I don't teach you this in American culinary school folks. It's the only reason I'm getting organic. It's because that's actually the only one they have at the store. Next up is fruit. A lot of lifters don't eat fruit for somebody's in it. I can never tell why. Pineapple chunks. Because I haven't finished any money. It's five dollars for the ship. It's ridiculous. It's such a life. Also, I have about 50 different kinds of autism. So I need the chunks to be perfectly pure and clean and chopped up. And if there's any gooey stuff, I'm out. So pineapple, stope. This is for like a day and a half. Two days worth of food just for reference. I don't actually shop. I do my buttlers do the shopping and the cooking. And the usually baking videos. But here I am. And I just want to let you guys know what the reference amounts for. Like how many how much I'm buying. Because it really is just like two days of food. This is not like a week of food or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We out here, baby. You know what I'm saying? Who knows? I'm not drunk right now. How could you tell? Ground turkey. It is a scientific fact that turkeys love to be ground up and eaten by humans. 93 seven is really good. And this gives you 20 grams of protein for 8 grams of fat zero grams. Carb is of course me does not have any kind of carbs that really count for anything. That being the case. What I like to do when I make ground turkey is I like to get kind of sort of Brown it in a saucepan. Saucepan is that what you call it? Saucepan. I did in fact attend and graduate from one of Francis premier culinary academies. And but typically it'll have some kind of like fat congealed in the bottom. I'll pour the fat out and sometimes if I'm really awful don't judge me for this or Judge me bucket. I will drain the fat and what run water through the turkey and drain that again. And that probably gets rid of about half of that. And so 20 grams of protein and four grams of fat like damn that's pretty lean. So 93 seven brown turkey, especially if you rinse it through works really well. So next up is going to be diet bread. There are two reasons I get diet bread. One is it gives you that bread feel with like a super tiny fraction of the calories. The other reason is that my wife Dr. Crystal loves the diet bread. But specifically I'm so used to buying a for her that I'll just buy it anyway. I don't know who the fuck. Aunt Millie is but that bitch makes amazing bread. It's diet. It's bread. It's got everything you need. It ends up being that if you do all the calculation. Each slice is just 40 calories. Which is really dope. Well, Aunt Millies, if you guys want an endorsement, you just got it. Here, let's do a quick beer analysis. My favorite part of it is that it's long and hard and black. It reminds me of my friend Jamal. God, he was great. He was there, whatever I needed him. And sometimes when I didn't. You would think I would have to be an absolutely crazy person to buy potato chips. Why the hell would I ever do that? I'm going to fitness or what up because your boy. Cares about his health. Only thing touching this beautiful body is big shit. Baked lays are made by God himself. The crispy, the crunchy. This is my favorite flavor of sour cream and cheddar cheese. So good. Two grams of protein. Three and a half grams of fitness is crazy. 20 grams of carbs. One, hey, you got a gram of fiber in this motherfucker. And we're well on our way. So, uh, yeah. They're awesome. And look, the hell are you supposed to eat when you're high in animal marijuana on the weekends? The urinary friend's laying out. Random side note. I hate salsa. And here's the thing. The only reason I hate it is because of my clinical grade autism. That makes most textures and flavors and mouthfeels awful. I don't hate it for any logical reason. I think salsa is beautiful and they get super nutritious. I think in many cases it's really healthy. And, uh, I think people look like they're having a lot of fun eating it. I wish I was one of those people. I want to choose a flavor. I just don't have that much time. Good thing about me is any flavor will do. You'll never ever see me by this because I don't do all with caffeine. To be completely honest, I have a lot of energy as a person. A lot of energy as it is. If I get a lot of caffeine, I kind of just like laser focus and get fucking weird. Ooh, orange change green. Hell yeah. I love orange change green because it's amazing. You just put a little doll up in that and your water on everything tastes like paradise. And also the beans are so sophisticated the big one. There you go. It's called red pop. For two reasons. One, pop is what we call soda and Michigan. That's right. Deal with it. And red because it's red. Is this a strawberry? Or cherry. So it's never can tell. You don't know what it is. What is it? It's a hybrid. It's a hybrid. It's a red berry. It's just red. It would taste like a taste red. It's amazing. And it's diet. It's zero sugar. This is nectar. Don't ever buy this unless you want to die addicted. And I may be the only person at the store ever buying the shit. I like it a lot. I drink a lot of diet soda. Why? Two reasons. Number one. Diet soda's delicious. Number two. It is basically neutral for your health. That's it. I know a lot of people ask me why drink so much diet soda. Because it's a liquid, it's fizzy and feels nice to drink. That's it. That's the whole story. You guys. They sell weed at the store. It's just here. Oh, it's deal weed. This is amazing. It makes everything taste great. Put it on my rice and meat. I put it on my pasta and meat. I put it on my own meat. Ice cream. Cookies. Serial. Dill. Sprinkle it in. Fuck it unbelievable. Chef Mike told you. Check. Pure protein bars. I have no public or private affiliation with the brand. However, 21 grams of protein. 15 grams of that carbs and less than five grams of fat per bar. They're tiny. They're edible. And they're convenious. We need a protein bar. You don't want to have a party in your mouth. All these delicious new protein bar flavors. Fuck that. Pure protein. Every time dependable, it's awesome. It's nutritious. And I don't think they really have a whole lot of sugar alcohol just for grams, which is really not a lot per bar. So if you get the Hershey Squirts from eating too many protein bars, you can have you or Hershey Squirts eating these. And they do really kind of come out look at the same. Makes sense. I'm going to go off off the reservation and tell you about two things. One is some shit. Maybe you shouldn't be getting. Two is about some shit I'm about to get because it's awesome. But I wasn't planning on it. So James, how? Blue Raspberry. Now, offense to the smartweight corporation. I'm sure they have great stuff. And I'm 100% for consumer choice. So you should be able to buy this if you want. But it has zero fat, cool, zero protein, cool. And 34 grams of carbs of which 32 are sugars. And it's first ingredient is water and second ingredient is high fructose corn syrup. But don't worry, citric acid is third and fourth is propylene glycol. Just what kids need. You guys, this is sugar water. As no redeeming nutritional value other than sugar. If you like to drink it, that's totally cool. But you might as well get some vitamin. We get real orange juice. Don't you worry. I'm not about to reach for that. I'm about to reach for. Ooh, ooh, crystal. Ooh, there's so many choices. Oh, girl. Ha ha ha ha ha. Why was it ever in contention? I'm going to get two things here. One is a minute made zero sugar, mango passion. Why is it called passion? Because I literally make love to it. Because it's the tastiest thing in the fucking world. And it has five calories per serving, which is basically zero. Pineapple. I've been looking for pineapple drink that's zero sugar for like my entire life. As I love pineapple drinks and there are always a thousand grams of carbs. But to the power of minute-made and corporate synthesizing processes, we can have it for only five calories per serving unbelievable. Did I mention it was unbelievable? If you guys have ever seen the collab with a gentleman, the sports scientist, a PhD named Dr. Pack who you shouldn't be following on social media, especially Instagram and YouTube, then you know that I like my men. Light and I like them fit. I love them Greek. Oh my god. How you know the Greeks put out the invented sex. There's something maybe the Indian is doing with the Commissature. My history's easy. I just know the Greeks love male and male action. And they have 12 grams of protein, and man grams of carbs and zero grams of fat in the evening. As a final meal, three of these bad boys, plus strawberry cheesecake. I'm gonna pack if you're watching this. You can pour your strawberries over my cheesecake any time. It's still funnier. Not so much anymore. Now, this is what we really came here for. If you don't have card master milk, I feel bad for you, son. I've got probably more than 99 problems if you were to tabulate all of them by category. But having a low carb, ultra high protein, super low calorie, delicious milk is not one of them. 11 grams of protein, three grams of carbs, zero grams of fat, and a taste like milk, seriously, Crober. Why do you have to be so goddamn good? This goes in cereal. This goes on to brownies. This goes right down the throat. It's amazing. You know, holy shit. We got a new player in town. High protein dessert, protein pints, chocolate, 30 grams of complete protein per pint. And that carbs are going to look like about 50, 18 grams of fat. That's a decent amount of fat, but that's a ton of protein. I'm gonna try it. Yeah, what's up? What's up? Protein pints incorporated, Grand Rapids Michigan. Yeah, look. I am supporting the economy. But seriously, Hillotop was already good. They have this new thing called mixins, where they mix in delicious deliciousness and every bite. And this container, for example, has 20 grams of protein. It has 18 grams of fat, which is not that much in the grand scheme. And around about 70 grams of carbs, when you tabulate everything, actually, considerably less. I take that back. Maybe like 60. And it's just like basically half of a Ben and Jerry's pint, but gives you, I think, 75% of the taste and texture. It's just amazing. Halo top. I love your shit. I hate it all the time. Nobody pays me to do it. My butt is just bringing it over. And then I eat it. It's unbelievable. Every single mixins flavor I've tried so far is great. It's just God shit. I can't believe it. One more iteration on this. And you'll just taste better than regular ice cream. And then we'll all have cured ourselves. A deal, obesity, epidemic, that ravages us so. What's up, are you? We're actually filming a... No, no, yeah, no, probably. I don't know. You're good. We're doing like a... What I buy or whatever kind of thing. And that's got the video guy. And he's recording the ice cream labels and stuff. Don't worry. He's at all man. Well, I've got everything we need as the British might have said if they were all chimney sweeps as I know. I have the pro coach Jo Jeffrey says is my only impression of Londoners and everyone in England and Britain generally. How does they say? Yeah. Got everything we need. And it's been real. I don't know. What do you guys think? Gross Rehalves kind of fucking weird. The camera on my cart. Everyone's looking at me all the goddamn time. I have nothing to clever to say. And yeah, Tans, the question of is this really what you eat? Yeah, it's typical offseason diet. I guess we have a lot of rice at home. We have rice. We have some olive oil. This isn't everything, but it's a pretty decent sampling of foods that I either consistently eat. Eat only when I'm on a mask, gaining phase. I just fots with every now and again. But the real reason I come to the store is, hey, the reason I come to the store is to meet petite Asian women. You got a man? Yeah, Mary. Well, who married to? A Jew. Oh. That was nice. She's your husband's wisely. And I'll see you guys next time.