Hey guys, what's up Sam Soolek here? I'm just a regular guy in my car and It's got this hair. It's beautiful. Got this arm work out coming up got my gallon jog I'm gonna take you guys through it. Tell you what I think about it and train a little bit and Let's have some fun huh? All right broccoli hair zoomers 1 2 3 zoom All right folks. I'm gonna do Sam Soolek's arm workout and before I do I'm gonna get Clued in on why and how we are doing what we're doing so well, that's here from another man himself But for today arms try set by steps light squeezing sets Some heavy kind of nasty sets and then maybe a couple kind of super sets is a combination of Anything in between you know and this is I mean this is something I see a little bit too frequently But if you've been lifting for a while and You kind of reach the point of you know you're six months deep your eight months deep whatever You can't really do fluff work because it's not gonna give you any results whatsoever Yeah, that's dope. It's cool to include a lot of variation a lot of it's for psychological benefits Like you don't want to do the same stuff all the time. There's also only so much heavy pounding work your body can take And if you do some higher networks and lighter works and more mind muscle connection work That can absolutely increase your training volume the eight more hypertrophy Not beating them with a crap out of your joints and Sam's absolutely correct about the fact that like Fluff work which is work, you know that you just very far away from failure kind of more for the look and the squeeze is gonna work a little bit But not a ton and especially as you get more advanced like Sam says You're gonna have to put in the work work for real for real and So today you can send people of train hard, but you feel me about the train ten times as hard as the person train the hardest before me Right now too, maybe ain't nobody playing For triceps I've really been liking starting something light and squeezing is Whenever I move on to heavier sets my triceps are already nice and warm and my elbows are as well Yeah, yeah, I hate this exercise the bulbs hold on to it. They're always slipping out of my hands That means I can't hold on to it. They can't produce as much force Also almost everyone's gonna be much stronger with their triceps pushing down than pulling on the side Yeah, this is something that I don't really feel a huge connection with my triceps at all if I come in close And I let my elbows go far back So I do my push downs this way I do my skull crushers like this I do my dips like that all the sudden huge triceps stimulus for me I guess a really important point here is never ever do exercises that don't feel really good for you Just because someone else is doing them So like if I had to design a tricep program and have almost nothing in common with Sam so look tricep program It doesn't mean he's wrong. It doesn't mean I'm right It just means that we prefer different kinds of exercises movement patterns You can take inspiration from anything you see on the internet and try it a few times But if it's not looking for you, it's not moving really well Then you've got to explore your own set of exercises So try to learn from everyone but in the end the program you're gonna build is the program that's best for you All right set three just can live in a Ohio, you know, just in regular guy You know what I mean? Just trying to get after it live looking hardcore lifestyle Baseball hat broccoli hair Look at the jug The Sam's still looking at our act with the ladies Scott as our other groupies then must meet groupies Yeah, just looking just looking for the right girl, you know someone who's a compro at kind of can Look at jam in the gym if you've done a couple of our cycles this definitely help your case Couple pimples on the shoulder never hurt anyone Hi, yeah, okay, I a little burn in there. I got to be honest got a burn pretty cool Not terrible all right. Let's see let's see what Sam has to say about exercise number two All right cable rope push downs two sets with parcels to failure. Let's see what Sam has to say about it Literally the same length that I was just doing single arms, but now for double arm Rope push down, but it's actually well at the bottom it will actually feel like a bit more than that Because I'm not sure how you uh, I don't know how far you made it through a school if you know about trigonometry or anything fancy trigger who Trigger what I'm done honestly a rope is kind of cool because it changes the strength curve of the actual movement like with a straight bar You feel like the hundred pounds the whole time that's it, but with a rope it actually gets a little bit heavier in your triceps Because you pull it sideways at the bottom which I like So that's kind of cool. He's totally right about the physics component that you're gonna feel a lot more tension at the bottom of this movement than at the top Problem with that is it's been shown numerous times that higher forces at the stretch produced more growth than higher forces at the P contraction at the extension the structure size is actually backwards so what science is recommended on an average However, it's a variation especially if you really feel you try something that you connect with it well and it's great for your joints It's a great exercise I think he the circular can't stand a structure size It does he dick all for me and I'd much prefer a straight bar push downs with my elbows really far back to feel that crazy You've stretched at the bottom have an easy time at the top and optimize that way not just from a science based perspective from Formal evidence which does support doing the the the exercises that put a lot of tension on the stretch But for my own personal experience, it should just work better It's gonna be up more makes me more sore make makes me have bigger triceps But assure shit didn't do anything for my hair fellas It may be I grow a little bit of natural shit by the way. This is my natural hair if anyone asked you guys have seen my body hair before How I can grow a body hair I grow head hair just the same way Scott was like hey queen do some slow work out I was like yeah, give me two days I grew the shit out and feel me I know I'm beautiful. I know every can day someone's like your hair your amazing your face are so gorgeous Yeah, okay, okay, good. Let's do some work. Jesus It's kind of hard to do anything Overhead for me because like if I grab a I can't even grab a dumbbell So it's tight now like if I grab one like a hundred pound dumbbell or something and try to throw it over my head like this That just does that work for me But with something like this very different than what I'm focusing on for those first sets of rope Because with these first sets I was really focusing on the squeeze at the bottom This was the hard part and this was kind of easy you know, I was just getting the tension off up here. It's good stretch That's the hard part Whereas with this I'm really trying to emphasize that stretch at the bottom And really pull the lung head like kind of where it ties in the right here this whole chunk. I want to feel a lot of activation And then you know a few sets here Should we see it cool? Yeah, I used to do a ton of overhead extensions. I love them Seated and standing easy bar extensions straight bar extensions. There's all videos in the on YouTube doing that shit kind of a lot of weight And nowadays I barely do it at all For two reasons I get lots of long head activation from backwork and to I'm actually I've lost a significant amount of mobility as I've aged And so I can no longer really get back here to do meaningful work. So I'm gonna probably step out a little bit I like to step away from the rack with a exercise and so I'll have a good perch on my feet lean over and kind of crank these out One two three pretend these are testicles Yeah Yeah, that is an exercise people do I can't stand this stupid rope. I do get a good burn I will say that I get a good burn, but I can distinctly tell I'm activating very few of my fastest Which motor units because it's just the pulling This way instead of pushing and the fact that it's the rope that makes it real hard at the top really easy at the bottom It just spares a lot of the disruption that I like to see in tries to flex your sizes But but this is an exercise a lot of people really really like so definitely give it some thought if you do do it Try to get that deep stretch of that range of motion. It's gonna hook you up really well Yeah See a little bit of a pump yeah, yeah, I'll be like Sam Sue looking no time Younger and more red It's more hair It's the hair that's gonna do it for me. Wait wait wait wait Does Sam ever do that? I would I do it all the time. I need to kind of wait a second to see how like triceps recover in a few minutes But honestly, I've already pretty erect right now But apart of me thinks I might need one more set to really finish him off Okay back to rope push downs, you know say two things about this one is and has not thought through this whatsoever And that would be mean thing to say probably not true, but it's funny maybe The other thing is sometimes after doing a certain number of sets of several exercises at the end you realize one of those exercises connected much better It was just a really good feeling and if it's nominal easy to set that exercise up again and you feel like you know I haven't hit my like triceps volume that I wanted for the session. I can use a little bit more stimulus a little bit more pump I'm definitely in a recover. Let me go back and just do another set or two or three of an exercise through that session That really felt good and if you're like Sam and you kind of yellow your sessions Which is the kind of pick exercises sort of on the fly based on feel it's exactly how you're supposed to be doing it You can never can tell what's gonna feel amazing neckdate if you do more form periodization like we do at RP I never everything planned out and then it's just plus or minus how many sets you do But if you're like Sam and you're kind of vibing then once you catch a good vibe Stick with a good vibe and so he had a plan to go overhead that route went really well But then he was like you know what I can do a little bit more Push down work and I think that's gonna kick it and I think that's really smart So let's get the the set done like he did and finish the triceps part. Let me get him biceps Sam I saw she wrote I So I'm thinking 55s vibrates one side all in a row Sit here and hold it and since I've got straps that's not gonna completely tax my whole system Five and the other five five five five five five five this you know as many as a reasonable I'll say as many as reasonable literally is no definition at all I have no idea what the constraints of reason are here But Sam's gonna do a whole bunch. So I'll do a whole bunch too I'm not gonna do the 55. That's for god damn sure, but I'll do a little bit of something let's get to it You know I haven't trained arms all by themselves in a while and Having an arm pump biceps and triceps at the same time it's just biobius I like the fact that Sam's using straps. I'm using versing groups. They're better than straps and everything's evil the way Give it a shot link in the description That way it's not difficult to hold the dumbbells But because you're never letting go of a dumbbell functions is own counterweight If you just dropped a dumbbell and just did this you kind of like can't leave her over it be really weird So by having one dumbbell in the hand all the time it works super super well This isn't a terrible exercise And the negatives is that the exercise has the highest force production at the top The lowest at the bottom So it's actually very suboptimal force curve-wise for hypertrophy you want something like an inclined curl behind the back cable curl Or a lying curl that's gonna get a huge force at the stretch Smaller forces the contraction But it doesn't mean it's worthless. It's quite a decent exercise and by just doing five at a time each time getting pretty close to failure You really are approaching failure like three times in one set which is really good because you get a ton of work And so by resting one side while the other works you really get to crank that total volume total number of approaches to failure Ton you to wave your hair out of your head all the fun stuff that causes muscle growth All right second exercise for biceps is a concentration curl. Let's see how sam does them Honestly, this is pretty much the exact same thing that I was just doing You know my vice my hand staying at this angle a whole curl But it's wished the kicker is that with these I get to help myself on the last five because I'm gonna reach a point where I can only get it to like right here And sure if I kept trying to just do this micro Rom maybe I get a little bit out of it, but I don't think so you know so by the time I get to hear I think I'm pretty much exhausted my own strength with just this system But I can still use my other arm pull that dumbbell all the way to the top and then let go and then I'm just wearing my biceps down every time in a good way Oh Cool so this is Standard concentration curls followed by eccentric accentuated loading which basically you help yourself in the concentric and then right of the eccentric real real smart Gonna cause a lot of growth the sam did say that the bottom here is not gonna do much It's actually gonna do a ton length and partials are super effective, but that doesn't mean that the Full concentric with assistance plus the accentuated eccentric isn't also a fall-awaited train. This is painful as Let's get into it Oh Just a quick tidbit here one thing you can experiment with is the mental hunselman style version of this So you don't hang over yourself like this you actually come back which gives you more tension at that length in position Holy shit that hurts You Sam Should have lashed out like that Sam I'm really sorry You know it's just a war in that line set of a bitch Johnson If you get that reference your old Get a plan I've got a plan for this one. I'm talking I'm talking superset and I'm talking drop set I think Sam's who would should be a professional wrestler. What do you guys think? He kind of sounds like Macherman Randy Savage every now and I'm talking superset brothers. I'm talking drop set cocaine that's just not good there But it's true so 50 pound dumbbell curls regular alternating nothing fancy and the whole purpose of him is really kind of just a burnout You know trying to wreck my biceps in a good way and then once I'm pretty much at a bath failure And it really just like well fatigued put the weights down whip the straps off and grab this 55 pound straper and then do some squeezing reps Cool I'm not a strong assam so I'm gonna try to pick some lighter weights But I will try to accentuate that eccentric control a little bit more. Oh I got a beyond brand wait wait wait Sure Show time Ugh Yo Oh man, that hits triceps, check, forms, why not check, biceps, palm it, Sam, silo, whatever that gift is that people post. That was fun. Guys, every single workout that you see out there, let's go in hard, let's give it a shot. Let's not do it in both of all wobbly shit. Give it a try, especially as a younger lifter. Specialty as an intermediate lifter. You try it a bunch of stuff. If you can pick up just one exercise from what we've done here from Sam Silo, put it in your little bag of tricks, use it regularly. It's a huge win. If you pick nothing from here that you like, it's still a huge win because they can say, well, I try it all this stuff. I don't love it. Now you can focus your offensive on what you do love. And if there's a few exercises or even more that you can get from this major winning. Guys, super fun to try other people's workouts, probably do you do a little bit more of that in the future. And Sam Silo, it's great. Give him a follow. Honestly, it's sub-signant, that impressive. Wink, he needs all the follows he can get. I've been Dr. Mike, give me a follow-to. Oh, one last thing before we leave. See you next time.