For that recovery department, a lot of fucking antibiotics, all right. I feel like I have twice the power I channel the twins. Hey folks, what's up? I'm a trend twin. Yeah, that's right. Magicly transformed via outfitting. We tried to do a tattoo that did work. Anyway, trend twins workout. We're gonna train back. I'm gonna critique it on a modified little bit. We're gonna say what's good, what's bad, what's ugly, and how to get jacked. Three, two, one. Well, trend. Go to the, get a die-balk-up pump, get in and out. In and out. I don't know. Not in and out, but God damn your fat. Good volume. A lot of super-scenting. Cause we wanna get a quick fucking pump to get that in here and go fuel it. With the micro dose of calories. How are you, I don't know. Was that a weed reference? Is he did this? For that recovery department? Oh, I'm fucking antibiotics. All right. Pulled-outs. The technique looks really good, big stretch. I'm not sure about sets and reps. We'll probably do about four sets here. 10 to 20 reps each one. For me, the reason I'm gonna do four sets is because I'm trying to prioritize a little bit more back with, then I am thickness. My back is pretty thick already. Not a little bit of factor for me. They do do a lot of rolling later in this workout. So I'm gonna try to bump up the volume of the pull downs. The rows won't be as high volume to get a little bit more of what I need for back. So, yep, let's get into it and do some pull downs. I'm really trying to just get the vibe of the trend twins in this workout. And that means careful, meticulous, moderated and safe. And so what I'm gonna do on pull downs here is warm up, sorry, with a hundred pounds for a set of about 50. Really get the blood flowing, really get the muscles nice and warm, connective tissues warm to be safe and ready to prime that nervous system for heavier work sets. So, calm, cool, and collected, exactly like our favorite trend twins. I'm a trend, I love a trend. I love a trend. Ah! You can't help but notice what Pokemon can do that I've like had to do this on your hand. What the char's are? Look, I don't want to. 10 years old, I don't know what the f*** Pokemon are. Is that when you collect the bottle caps or whatever? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Ah. A little strange starting with pull downs. Scott, we just do pull ups and stud. Damn it. Dang it, trend twins. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right, here's a question for you guys. Why do so few people in the visible part of the fitness industry? Do pull ups consistently? Pull ups are incredible. And when you're heavier, they're really incredible because they're like a vertical version of heavy rose. As soon as you get in a remotely pretend jack, you start doing pull downs. Because maybe you saw your favorite pros doing pull downs because your favorite pros don't do pull ups. Probably for a few reasons. One, if you don't have good technique on pull ups, it does not fund for your shoulders. And so a lot of people are like pull ups don't work for my shoulders. Just like a lot of people say squats are bad for your knees because they're doing squats. But I think there's another factor. I don't mean to get personal. But I'm glad you've got good at pull ups. I can do like, I don't know, with good technique. Last week I did, I did 13 pull ups, 13. And I had 15 pounds hanging off me. So I can do like 15 pull ups. That creates. But I think a lot of folks who are used to putting piles and piles of weight on the ship realize that just their body weight they can do sets of eight to twelve pull ups with good technique. And that humbles the federal and they just don't want any part of that. And so that like that, I'm going to do pull downs with a whole stack. So when you weigh 260 pull downs with a whole stack are possible. But pull ups are still hard and kind of embarrassing. I honestly think that's why people don't do pull ups a lot. So maybe I'm off-case. What do you guys think? All right, what would the trend friends do? Mmm. Oh yeah, that's heavy. I'm so sure you're afraid of mine coming in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So the music choice was interesting. Very tech talk. Uh, I think I'm going broccoli hair underneath my bandana. So yeah, you guys, it looks like the trend friends are doing roll to shrug superset. An interesting choice definitely a good way to really kill the traps. I get it ton of trap training for my shoulder work, which I do a lot of. So when I'm going to do is modify the exercise and kick you guys. Some really cool clever shit we're going to be doing cambered bar rows. I'm going to want to try and twins and I'm going to superset that to regular rows. Same bar. I just flipped the bar so that it's flat. And then I do a couple more reps of regular rows. With that lets us do is get a couple more reps at that stretch. After I can no longer do any good technique reps with a full contraction. Basically it's a length and partial preprogrammed in. Let's hope the spirit of trend is with us. With its protective, mothering arms. Let's go work out. Cambered bar rows for these cambered bar rows. You guys like that superset? One and a half reps. That row supersets are real tough. Holy shit. It's strange. In this outfit. I feel like I have twice the power. But of course I channel the twins. Holy shit. Roads are tough. With the trend twins are tougher. Alright. Machine rows. And some posing. They look great. I'm just acting crazy to... And should it deter you guys from taking steroids? So nobody will ever be bigger than me. Okay. Was he high on mirror? Why don't I have that set? Or is that just how he looks? Hey. He's a good micie. No wait. You can crisp. Is that his name? Chris the other one? Trend friends, you guys are the goats. Machine rows. Two sets on here. And then, Morchin Atticans will want to. And shit. I'll even hit a backdrop line. I'm gonna shit. I'll even hit a backdrop line. I normally do more but like, you know, and Syracuse here. J-K. That was awesome. First set. Of two. I got 15 reps. I'm gonna try to get 12 on the next one. It didn't warm up. Backs already warm. But rest a little bit. I'll get 12. My body is going to learn. A little bit better how to move here more efficiently. I haven't done these in months and months and months. So, if you're a little trippy, it's also a third exercise. So, pretty well cooked. Take a little break. You guys will notice by the way, full ultra deep stretch. Use that chest support. At the top, you can come up off your support. Really crunch your back. Which is something you typically don't get with other pulling exercises. And then at the bottom. Round over. Round your shoulders. Pull out your elbows. Get a huge momentary stretch at the bottom. This machine is actually leveraged to stretch you. For an arm and a little. Get you that big back. 15. What's next? Last back exercise for today is... Now keep your arm straight as you can. Don't bend your elbow. So, we should. Whoa, you're supposed to not bend your elbow. That's insane. What about holding? You're going to let all of your lap roll across your rib cage. Just like that. Now squeeze. Don't bend the elbow. Oh yeah. Huh. Activate through here. If I had a young man touching me and saying, activate through here. Let's work out. Be a lot more fun. Just say don't have that. Max, you technically a young man aren't you. Yeah. What's the shy little yeah? We'll break him out. Open. Up. I don't know. Let's do this. Except I'm going to modify it because your boys aren't that shit. So, the trend twins last back exercise is kind of a one arm... A straight arm lap pull down like this. Otherwise known as a lap prayer, but it's a one arm. And so my principle of being a lazy piece of shit is any you could do with one arm at a time. You can probably do with two arms at a time. Save double the time and still get a great stimulus. So what I'm going to do is I've modified this movement into a two arm movement. It's the same movement except with two arms. And as you'll notice, I positioned the free motion attachments inside so that just as this movement describes in their own video, I'm going to be coming out to the side a little bit. It's going to kind of look like Nordic skiing. I'm going to do some sets here. What I might do is one big ass my rep set. And just knock out maybe like 40 total reps of this with many rest breaks. Just to breathe for a few seconds and retie in my my versus. Actually, I don't even know if I need those. Yeah, let's get it popping. And what we want here is a big stretch at the top. Nice peak contraction at the bottom. Get those latches where you pop it out. Cool. Oh, okay. Okay, cool. Let's do it. Oh, 30. Hello, YouTube. I am what happens when both trend twins combine. I guess in age also. Hmm. Anyway, the takeaways are this man. The specific movements you do are a lot of personal preference stuff. And there are distinct debates. But you can modify almost any movement into something that feels really good for you. As long as you treat each set seriously and get pretty close to failure. As long as you do numerous sets to really get that volume pumped in there. And week to week try to progress in load. You're good to go. So trend twins back workout. There's not a terrible workout. Uh, and you know, I'm not a terrible person. Not no one's going to believe that. I'm still a piece of shit. The trend twins are awesome. I've been Dr. Mike and I'm now cool in pseudo Italian. But whatever the trend trends are. See you guys next time. I'm a good guy. You're a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy.