PFOB's Dr. Right here for Renaissance Periodization, and for your nightly report to the scourge that is overshadowing our great nation today is shoulder impingement. It is coming for the elderly for children and yes even for athletic populations as well. Is anyone safe? Stay tuned right now. What is the deal with shoulder impingement? And really, are you going to die from it? Hmm. Let's find out. So first, before discussing all of the stuff around shoulder impingement, we should really try to define it. I find that a lot of the conversation on the internet about shoulder impingement kind of just assumes people know what it is. It really does sound pretty scary. And then once you realize what it is, maybe it doesn't sound as scary. Defining terms is absolutely the first critical thing to establish in any productive discussion. So here we go. Definition is when the tendons of your rotator cuff musculature rub up on the acromion that sits just above them. There are a few other structures in there such as bursels, sacks that can get in the mix and get some of that rubbing going. The rubbing is usually benign as a matter of fact by design. It's okay that if it happens, but a lot of rubbing specifically with high forces impinged on those structures are imparted on them rather. If the rubbing goes from this to that, it happens repeatedly over and over. You can develop an inflammatory cycle, inflammation occurs at the acromion and at those other structural components. And then inflammation can go and turn into pain. Once it turns into pain, you're going to notice that the pain usually comes a lot of times with all shoulder movements, but especially with shoulder movements that go where your arm is higher overhead. If you keep at it and say whatever shoulder pain is normal, I don't know why you would say that, but let's see you did. Eventually the continual rubbing that is already deleterious to the structures can cause what is termed as macro damage. Like you can actually see, okay, well, there's where that part was supposed to be, but the really the connective tissues have been rubbed pretty raw. And then if that occurs, there's actually something to heal other than the inflammation to bring down. And then you're going to have spend some time in some pain and you're going to have to spend some time healing those structures, which the pain and the annoyance and the weird movement can hang around for some time if you just continue to go in and make the situation worse. So that's shoulder impingement. I've seen a lot of people think shoulder impingements, other things. People think like, oh, there's a canner of stuck in there and you're impinging that nerve. That's not remotely what shoulder impingement is. It's just two structures rubbing on each other and the rubbing gets to be a bit too much. And I like Friday night when you've had a few and you're rubbing the next day you're like, oh, and your partner's like, oh, I'm just getting you doing this and home by yourself. All right. So what causes shoulder impingement? Technically speaking, any kind of shoulder movement that causes the acromion to rub up on the rotator cuff tendons can cause shoulder impingement. Technically, the impingement is when the tendons are impinged in the acromion for vice versa. However, there is a probability to what causes it, what kind of movement causes it and the most high probability movement is a movement that goes overhead puts your humorous above parallel, especially if it's angled backwards forward as not as high of a risk. And especially if you internally rotate your humorous at the same time. Does this look like an upright road to anyone? Sure, shit does. So that position especially in folks that have a design of the shoulder bones that makes the rubbing more likely is the likelyest thing to cause that impingement to potentially potentially. But just the movement itself is usually not enough. Chronic movement over time, multiple times a week, each time it causes discomfort. That's the kind of thing that is the biggest factor. So if you just move right here right now by yourself and rotate your humor old. Hey, that hurts. We had it feels weird. You're not going to get impingement doing that. But if you do five sets of upright rows Monday, Wednesday, Friday and it starts to feel real weird and it can be impingible here. But you don't care and you keep going, then the probability to get shoulder impingement actually starts to begin. That's how the inflammatory cycle begins. If you nick something or rub a little bit too hard, that then you just keep going, that's how you develop the syndrome, shoulder impingement syndrome itself. It is a syndrome because it's just like there's just a lot of inflammation going on there. It's not a disease. That contagious. No, that crazy stuff. So okay, fine. We understand the definition. We understand what causes it. Cool. How do we prevent shoulder impingement or a better way to view prevention is decrease significantly the probability of it occur. As we can't really prevent, technically speaking with a hundred percent certainty anything. But we can absolutely decrease probability. So first, most people just won't get shoulder impingement in normal training. Olympic weight lifters enter this position all the time. shoulder impingement for them is very rare. It's just not something. You're like, oh yeah, you don't want to quit lifter. You're for sure getting shoulder impingement. That's not even close to the true. Which means upright rows and super arm laterals are totally fine for most people until otherwise indicated. Now, most people who do get shoulder impingement before they get it can tell that their shoulder joints are not comfortable during overhead movement. Probably the vast majority of people that get shoulder impingement in the gym setting are folks that cannot discriminate between proper burn style and tension style muscle pain and actual joints rubbing up on each other pain. To be honest, that's like almost everyone whose recreationally indifitness has been training for the first six months or a year. And oftentimes many people even much after that. Like your client who's a 55 year old woman has started training you with you four months ago and you train her over the internet. When she's doing upright rows, she kind of expects it to hurt and if it hurts her shoulder joint, she just might be like, oh, that's what working out is and it turns out that she should have detected it was her shoulder. Do you want her to not the side-delt muscle or the trap muscle and then backed off and made some kind of change? It doesn't sneak up on you in most cases. shoulder impingement can sneak up on you, but that is highly unlikely. You do not have to be paranoid. You're doing upright rows just to hear and you're like, man, I hope I don't wake up tomorrow with shoulder impingement. That's very unlike. But if you're doing upright rows to hear, you're like, ow, ow, my joint, ow, my joint, rack. Take out your RP training app and go, that felt great. I joined its felt great. Your programs you six sets next week and you just keep crushing it. That's how you're most likely going to get shoulder impingement, which takes us to our best preventative measures. And I have four of them for you today, I think. Yeah. First, don't do any exercises that make your shoulder in the joint, feel painful or weird. Like if there's some kind of weird clicking and snapping, if it hurts at the same time or feels like you're grinding joint to joint, stop doing that movement. There are so many ways to train your shoulders. We got lateral raises from every angle, upright rows from every angle, face pull from every angle, cables, machines, oh my god, it just like dozens and dozens of shoulder movements, you were almost certainly fine one or two that works well for you. Huge, huge thing. So if you're just doing some kind of upright row that you found out through the internet was really cool, but it's really, really fucking up your joints and you're like, well, it's what it takes to grow, stop doing that. You're at risk for shoulder impingement, precipitously falls. Next, if you want to try something like upright rows up to the face or super-romed laterals where you go way over your head, these are fundamentally healthy, totally awesome movements that are great for muscular development. But they're putting your shoulder in a loaded situation in a position where it's not used to, so you should want to ease in. If you're going to do super-romed laterals, take very light weights first and do those for a few sessions or a few weeks until you get the hang of it and there's no weird pain, then you can go up and load, or even better start going up a little bit higher than parallel. Next, work out, do the same thing, confirmed, feels great. Now I'm going up a bit higher. Two workouts in a row, I go up that high, everything feels great. Now I go up all the way and then everything's totally good. Don't just jump in, look at the 20s and be like, okay, I do this. It's a 25 for regular laterals. 20s for super-romed laterals, boom, let's do tons of sets and reps. That huge shock in the new range of motion, a combination of new range of motion, and very heavy loading is not something you want to push into your body if you want to keep the risk relatively low of shoulder impingement syndrome. Number three, use good technique which in part means controlling the centric and use loads that you can handle for at least 10 or even better 15 plus repetitions per set, especially in the first set or early sets when you're fresh, or higher in most cases, which means if you're doing sets of five or sets of eight of really heavy upright rows or lateral raises, why? Almost certainly you don't get your best growth. Then and even if you did, you have to consider the glantahumeral joint and all of the other joints in the shoulder, God, Jesus, there's no way to say this, I thought a scare tactic, but it's just not the toughest joint in the body. There's a lot of stuff you can do to your knees. You can squat 800 pounds, your knees are probably going to be fine. To injure your knees, you got to go doing some weird shit, like jump on one leg off a fucking building or get tackled and football, run around, jump early high. The shoulders are a bit finicky. Today just are, there's a lot going on. It's really easy to create a huge moment arm on a tiny joint. That's a thing, so give yourself the long term view and try to do lighter reps. Now here's a thing. Lighter load sets of 10 plus 15 plus 20 plus reps per set will burn your shoulders off of your body. It is probably my view for most people a better way to go about hypertrophy for the delts than going heavy and it has that extra unbelievable benefit of really reducing your probability of injury risk. If you're coming up a lot of rolls like this and falling back down and you're scooting up really hard and falling back down, stop doing that. Go up under control, pause at the top, and slowly milk that descent. That means all the structures don't move super dynamically, and there's more of a chance they're not going to slide up against each other in a way that you might not like. Yes, it's bad for the ego, but it's great for two things. One is reduced injury risk, which is amazing. That's why you're watching this video by the way. And two, it actually makes your gains better. It would be one thing if I was like, look, reduce your loads and you won't get us good of gains, but it's worth the injury risk. That could be a valid argument. We don't even have to make it. This is better for both things. It just costs you two things really. You go hit from having to use the 15s instead of the 25s on lateral raises and two fucking pain because high rep shoulders are going to have you like trying to lean on something and get the acid out. Yeah, help people are going to try to help you in the jam and like, are you okay? Let me get you yeah, okay, just call the police. The cops get there. You're still freaking out. You get tazed, thrown in jail. That's happened to me after somewhere higher up shoulder workouts. It's a really cost to be the boss. Number four, if you decide to start putting in movements that go overhead, right? And pull the humor as high in shoulder training, please ease into that as far as volume is concerned. Here's what I mean by that. If you program upright rows or high upright rows into your program for the first time in a long time or in forever, do not do five sets of upright rows in your first session. But it's actually a really good way to get impingement well on its way. You get that inflammatory cycle rolling three sessions later. You got you be diagnosed with an impingement syndrome because it took you three separate workouts of way too much volume to get there. However, remember the body is resilient. And if you move in a certain way within its ability to adapt, the next time it gets better at handling stress. So if you're really just trying to do upright rows for the first time ever pulling a nice and high, start with a set or two of them. That's almost certainly not going to give you shoulder impingement syndrome. Couple days later, your trained shoulders twice a week, you do two or three sets. Couple days later, I mean, if you'll find you do three or four, couple days later you do four or five and then boom, you're into that awesome volume zone and you're getting your rate growth. The real good way to get shoulder impingement or increase this probability rather is to like, say, oh, I want to do upright rows and just blast the shit five, six, seven sets. And then yeah, like you could wake up the next day, you'd be like, fuck my shoulder cut hurts. No shit. You don't ever want to do a ton of anything right off the bat, easing in is a huge deal. Now, let's say it's late for you. You like the prevention talk that I just gave, but you're like, fuck man, I already have fucking shoulder impingement. So for me, prevention is off the table. You have for next time, I hear you. What do I do now? How do I get treatment? First of all, I am not a medical doctor. So consider all of this as just friendly advice from someone on the internet. I do have a PhD in sport physiology. That's not on the medical side. That's on the performance enhancement side. However, before we go see doctors, there are things we can do ourselves. For example, first, just backing off the volume and load is a big factor. I've talked to a ton of people or having shoulder problems and I'm like, okay, did you do back off on the shoulder training? Well, you're trying to find a work around, but still smashing it, bro. Okay, you're a fucking idiot. Don't do that. Back away, your shoulders will shrivel off your body. Your body's unbelievable. It may be tending the gains. It's made. It's a very good at gaining the gains back. If it loses any, spend a couple of weeks of very little shoulder training, heal up and then you'll wrap back in no problem in in two months. From now, you'll have the biggest shoulders you've ever had. As opposed to in two months, still not being able to train them right and causing even more damage over time by going through the impingement and just fucking up more shit. Next, before you wrap back up into real working weights and volumes, make sure that pretty much all of the discomfort has gone. There is something you can do in the interim though. And that's very light, often unloaded movements that take you through that range of motion and as you feel a bit better, every two or three days you do some of those. So you hurt your shoulder. It's impingement. You're like, okay, fuck, I can't do this. You're going to need more. Stop all shoulder training. For the next few days or weeks, just after the shoulder feel a little bit better, it will with rest. Try to just move your arms through that range of motion. For as many reps until either burns a lot or you can feel it kind of like getting nasty again. Okay, stop. Way to couple more days. Try two sets of that way to couple more days. Over time, those those movements that you're doing are really just rehab that body weight or very lot dumbbell or very light bar movements is just getting that motion again. The inflammatory cycle starts to fall. You hit it again. It rises a little bit but a lot of healing comes through and then it goes back again, rises a little back again after a few days or a few weeks. You're going to be like, dude, my shoulder feel a hundred percent. That is when you start with one set of upright rows in the next workout at an actual decent weight close to failure, then two, then three, then et cetera. Don't just go, okay, I feel great. Five sets of upright rows. That is almost guaranteed to fuck you up again. I've seen that about 900,000 times. Here are things not to do and people do this all the time. Do not get a shoulder pain situation and go, okay, I'll just take non-steroidal anti-inflammatories. I'd be profiting stuff like that. Don't mask the pain with NSAIDs and said absolutely do lower the inflammatory cycle. But if there's actually any kind of macro damage there already, as soon as you're off NSAIDs, it's going to come back hardcore. Another problem with NSAIDs is while they do lower the inflammatory cycle, they do lower the potential for that actual tissue to undergo true healing, true reconstitution, true remodeling. They actually steer you away from that. It's kind of like a short term fix. So when you are training just for bodybuilding, you don't have the Olympics coming up in two weeks. Don't use NSAIDs to mask pain. There's a very, very, very bad idea. Feel the shit as you feel it and let that pain be a guide towards easing you into some rehab work and then easing you into some good work without, if you mask it, you're going to go, I feel great. Boom, and then you do even more damage and then it's even worse, then you're even more NSAIDs. It's not a cycle you want to be in. But also, don't just ice your shit after training and then go back and train hard every other day. I watched an entire team of Olympic weightlifters more or less most of the team put two massive ice bags on their shoulders after every session. Why? If you've got worlds coming up, hey, ice away. You need to suppress all the inflammation until you get through real championships when you're metal and then go home and fall apart like Mr. Potatohead. Then you heal after a few months and you go back in. But folks, the people I'm speaking to in this video of you, you might be a professional bodybuilder, but it's unlikely you might want to be one eventually which means you need to take care of yourself or more likely your recreational list of the just wants the fucking look jacked and lean and you know what I'm saying? Say what up to some ladies and like, well, stop. You know, I don't know. I healthy dolls and she's like, I love healthy dolls. You know what that's it? She's a guest. My biggest fat I show you. Yeah, shit girl. But in any case, you want to take care of yourself. I sing in anti-inflammatory, suppress the very healing processes to make you temporarily feel okay. What part of that sounds like a good idea if you want your shoulders to actually heal real hard training and real successful athletes. In most cases, do not rely on recovery adaptive modalities such as NSAID, such as ICE. They actually did a bit of work out familiar with a really directly or almost directly. There, I'll keep the specifics out of this, but there was a very serious sports center. Tons of amazing athletes at it and they established a recovery center in there and it was locally. I spasped and rast and he got some nutrition and there was heat pads and those, those, uh, normal tech pants, the ones that they push the fluid out of your legs and what they've done, they did a few level of layers of statistical analysis and they realized that typically the worst athletes were the ones that used the recovery center the most. Another way to see it's not known. That doesn't mean that the recovery center made the athletes worse. But another way to see it is the best athletes were healthy. The best athletes didn't need to go use the ice and whatever, which means if you want to be a good athlete thinking long term, not like, okay, how do I get my shoulder to calm down so I can train it tomorrow and thinking long term of how do I get the situation to really heal so that I can ramp back up in a few weeks to get amazing shoulder gains once again because that healthy actually healthy, not masked is what's going to take you all the way. Now if it doesn't, if you've done all the recommendations here and you're shoulder still bothering you, I would seek a consult with a licensed sports medicine doctor or anyone in the allied health field, either if it's in person or through an internet call, whatever it is, gets an actual medical attention but using these tips, you can help yourself a lot and you can help and discourage that is just quite frankly destroying communities. Children used to run in the streets, they used to play all ages and races. Now what they're huddled in their homes, afraid of children, pinching, I say no more and if you're with me, hit that like button or some YouTube shit. I'll see you guys next time.