There are so many variations of pull-ups. Why would you use all of them? Maybe not at once. But can you use them strategically? And will I tell you how and why to use them? And when? Yes, let's go do it right now. Folks, I'm going to try to cover 15 variations of pull-ups. To hit you guys are real holistic look at the landscape. To figure out what the pull-up variations are for when they should be used, what their beneficial uses are and maybe what their limitations are. Maybe some stuff they don't do that people think they do. So we're going to get right from the top of this list. These are not in order of importance. They're not in order of the fact that each and every single one of these has a time in a place. Folks, the RP Strength Summer Sale is upon us. We've got tons of savings on all of our apps and a bunch of digital products. Click in the link down below in the description. Let's get started with today's video. The first style of pull-up we are going to show is the wide grip pull-up. It's just a classic grandpa did it. Dad did it. He even had a union job on his real American. Like you'll never be you gen max the editor-in-boy. It's the current generation called. The next one is you. Yeah, one of those generations. Why grip pull-ups are totally cool? They have a bit of a downside. They don't allow either your biceps, your rear delts, or the musculature of your back, including your lats to get a very deep stretch. By design, because you're so out-wide that the deep stretch can't possibly occur. So they're probably not like the greatest pull-up variant of all time. And a lot of people aren't in love with them because they tend to kind of irritate the shoulder joint. However, try them. They're an amazing variant if you just want to give it a shot. Sometimes you don't have pull-ups, why grip pull-ups could totally be the answer to spice up your workout routine as long as they're feeling good on your shoulders and everything else is totally fine. Next up is the medium grip over-hand pull-up. It is the pull-up. It is the workhorse of the pull-ups. It's generally very comfortable for almost everyone. It's very well tolerated. If you have to default, this is your pull-up. It hits a lot of the forearm flexors, and it's the biceps-decently. It's the rear delts really well, and it hits the mat super well. If you're going to start doing pull-ups, especially if you're doing pull-ups weighted, or doing some kind of partner assistance, these are probably the pull-ups you want to start with. And then you can broaden your horizons at another point to get to all the different variations. This next pull-up is a little rare, and it's not for everyone. It is the narrow grip pull-up. The narrow grip pull-up has a variety of grips that you can use, and it's always going to be over-hand. But it's by definition going to be inside of your shoulder width. It can feel a little strange. However, it really prioritizes the rear delts a ton, because it allows them to get into that stretch at the very top. Many people think this is an awkward movement, but after using it for a little while, they tend to like it. And for some people, it hits right off the bat. Same dynamics as with all the other pull-ups. We'll talk about this in a bit, but there's different heights you can pull to, just make sure you're controlling that eccentric. If you're going to try narrow pull-ups from the first time, warm up with them, don't just jump into them. Can it feel a little bit awkward? You can do a lot of medium grip regular pull-ups over-hand, till you're blue in the face and get a huge back and a huge delts, and a huge forearm flexors. But it's just going to get stale after a while. And because for a lot of people wide grip pull-ups just aren't the answer to the shoulder joints, sometimes especially if your wrists can take it and if you're using Versa grips, the narrow pull-up can do a really, really good work. So give it a shot. The parallel pull-up is also known as the neutral grip pull-up. I don't know, is this Switzerland-Sumship? Why the fuck isn't called neutral? Who the hell knows? The parallel grip pull-up is an awesome movement, especially because it lets you track your elbows in front of your body. I was going to say, show what it was, I wasn't. And it really puts a lot of tension on the lats. So if you really want to hammer your lats instead of your overall back, the parallel grip pull-up is a really, really good idea to try. A lot of times you tend to be very strong in this movement. So if you've been experimenting with thinking about putting some weight on a weight belt to do weighted pull-ups which will get too later, then parallel pull-ups could be the thing that you jump off on, and get the most reps with the most weight that you ever could. I've been called underhanded before, mostly because I'm a liar and a fraud, but that brings me to my next point to the underhand pull-up. Is an incredible tool in your arsenal. It does tend to hit the biceps a little bit more, and especially if you do it with a slightly closer grip, you can be an awesome combination of arm and back work. Also, because it rotates your lats in, it pulls on them a bunch, and it's actually an awesome movement for lats and rear delts, and biceps all the same time. Another thing is you can be very strong with this movement. Careful at the very bottom, because the tension can get kind of crazy as your lats are being pulled out, definitely warm up and don't you dare cheat this movement. When you do the underhand pull-up, you go to a full stretch dead hang. That's how you get the most out of the movement, not the least. Most people doing the underhand will do a pull-up, we'll demonstrate later, a total bullshit for a pull-up that hardly works. Don't do that full range of motion all the way through. Here's another thing. These pull-ups are not for everyone. A lot of the time, wide grip pull-ups are a no-go for people's shoulders. For most people, especially when they get used to it, it's totally fine. Underhand pull-ups, especially if you're a meteor, more jacked king or queen, it starts to be an internal or sorry external wrist rotating problem. We try to supernate and your fingers just stop going. Then at the very bottom, you can actually cause some pain in your wrists, elbows or shoulders depending on what you join the sides and take the heat in the underhand pull-up. A lot of times, if you get an underhand setup that's somewhere between neutral and the S-Lash Parallel, or underhand, maybe a 45 degrees, that's really money. So if you can't do these on a straight bar, don't worry you're not doing anything wrong. A lot of people can't do them. No love lost. There are plenty of other pull-up variations that you can use. This next grouping of pull-up variations, you could do with any of the grips. But this grouping is going to be about how high you pull-up. And the first pull-up variation here is the sternum pull-up variation. That's right. Every time you come up, you touch your sternum, which is to say right below your chest to the bar, and then slowly control all the way down. These are incredibly effective, but really, really hard. If you're lighter or very strong for your bodyweight, these can be amazing. If you're just getting into pull-ups, you're not super light, you're not super strong yet. These are going to be a no-go. If you're using a bunch of weight already for normal pull-ups, 45 or more, and you want a really cool variation, and it's a little bit different. It's a bit more of the mid back. You're going to want to try these because they are awesome. And if those girls are the gym or even guys, and you want to flex, do you want a couple reps of sternum pull-ups? So the people that know, they know. Maybe the uglies are going to be on full blast. If sternum pull-ups are a bit too tough for you, you can challenge yourself in a slightly lower pulling all the way to your clavicles. Pull-ups pull to the clavicles are really, really tough. Not quite as hard as sternum pull-ups, but you're missing about, for me, this is 12 inches, am I right? They are way harder than regular pull-ups. If you can do 10 strict clavicle pull-ups with your own bodyweight, you are non-sense, super-hear-alove-it-strong. These are really challenging. They can be done with any kind of grip, and they are super effective. So if you're training with calistening equipment, you're training on a park, you're training at the zoo, wherever you do shit like this. If you either don't want to put a weight belt on, or your gym doesn't have one, doing sternum pull-ups, and or clavicle pull-ups, is an amazing way to progress in pull-ups, and then later be able to do way more pull-ups to regular heights, which we'll talk about next, because these are way, way, way challenging. As usual, as soon as you touch the top, start controlling that eccentric right from the get-go all the way through, you get maximum benefit. Next is the standard height to which most people do a pull-up or should, anyway, it is the chin. The chin is great because you can even touch the bar with your chin if you want for that extra standardization, or just approximate it, no big deal. This is a pull-up that's challenging. It's standardized, so you could count reps really easy, or RPI-berter-fi-appard-over-you-track-your-wraps, and it is insanely effective, and the good news is, because you get much of the benefit of exercise for muscle growth from that stretch, anyway, pull-up to the chin are just as effective, as the ones to the clavicle and the sternum, and potentially even more so. So if you can only do chin pull-ups, no big deal, you're doing probably one of the best kinds of pull-ups, but there are. Next up is the partial pull-up, and the bottom end part is the part that grows the most muscle in pull-ups. The bottom end part is also really, really tough in many cases, and a lot of people just kind of want to stay in the mid range. Go all the way down to a dead hang, hold for a second, and then come up. Typically, to where the bar is roughly high level, or just above your head, that way it's the bottom half of the pull-up, but it's standardized every single time. These you could do on their own if you're not yet strong enough to do a full pull-up to the chin, no big deal, or excellent tool. You could do them even if you're strong enough, after you've done multiple sets of pull-ups to the chin, or pull-ups to the clavicle or to the sternum, now that you're more tired, you can still do partials, and bonus round if you're really jack-strong king or queen, and even a court gesture I might add, what, at a many cents? What you can do is do conventional pull-ups, let's say, to the chin, or to the clavicle or to the sternum, and as soon as you're done with those, literally missing no beat, or just brushing for 10 seconds, then you do as many bottom end partials as you can, each set ends up being a super set. That means that you're taking the muscles really, really close to failure. When they're at their most length and position, that's going to cause a lot of muscle growth. If you really want bonus points, you're just out there mugging people and being a calisthenics master slash god slash VIP person, for whom they don't have a club room in the back, you have your own club type, Chris Area level. What you can do is the ultimate pull-up bodyweight set, which is when. You do as many pull-ups as you can to the sternum. You do as many pull-ups as you can to the clavicle, with either no rest or small amount of rest, or even normal rest, and then you do as many pull-ups as you can to the chin and bend. You do as many pull-ups as you can to the top of your head or your eyes, that's like four sets of pull-ups, all of them accommodating, increasingly more exposing about length and position. You're going to have such big lats afterwards, that you're clubbed that you go to your own club for your own shit. You won't be able to go any more because you'd be wider than the door to your own club. A problem I've never had because I don't go to clubs and have no friends. Uh, more pull-ups. Weighted pull-ups. Most of the weight of pull-ups comes from the demons that you carry around with you since childhood. But if that's not enough, what you can do is add weight, typically, with a dip belt. You can't throw out a dumbbell and hook your legs into it. I don't love that because then you have to spend a lot of mental bandwidth, making sure to keep your legs closed. Back with my younger days when I was a young woman, I couldn't keep my legs closed at all. I don't love the dumbbell and the legs thing. You can do it if you want. Another thing is if you have a weightlifting belt, the powerlifting belt just loosen it up, put it in the most loose notch, thread a dumbbell into the front and you're good to go. Then it doesn't move or shake, that's a good idea. But ideally a dip belt is awesome. And here's the thing fellas, if your gym doesn't have a dip belt, I have this crazy and lock you're going to love. It's going to be super confusing. You can go on Amazon and get one of them shit for like $20. And I know you have $20. Fucker, you go out to eat, just don't do that one night. And now you got a dip belt coming in through Amazon. Thanks Jeff Bezos. But on a serious note, weighted pull-ups are goated and they're amazing. Why? Because at some point you can do so many pull-ups that it's just like sets of 15 and 20, you might actually get your best pumps. And you might get a really good variation stimulus just going heavier. Another thing is this, in order to make progress, you can absolutely periodize reps. But that gets boring at some point. You're doing 15 reps one week, 15 and a half the next. And a rep is a big jump for pull-ups. So sometimes you can go on smaller increments and use weight, even if you're not super strong. And what I'm saying here is this, if your maximum ability to do pull-ups is like eight pull-ups, you can still do sets of five or sets of six with weight. And here's my biggest point of weighted pull-ups. A lot of people think weighted pull-ups are like, well, I either get a 25 or a 45 or eight, 45s and I start doing a shit. Absolutely not. The best way to do pull-ups is like you do any other progressive loaded movement, which means the first time you do weighted pull-ups if you're doing it right. It's a very good idea to just get the weight belt, make sure no one sees you doing this, because it's embarrassing. Put a two and a half pounder in that mod. And all of a sudden it's like, well, this is kind of ridiculous, isn't it? No, it's not. Because next week you put another two and a half on, next week another, and next week another. And after a few weeks, using 10 pounds, there's never this crazy shock, the movement and hammock doesn't change. And all of a sudden you're actually doing weighted pull-ups. And if you could only do five to ten pull-ups regular, and you're like, I have no idea how I'm ever going to do weighted pull-ups every time I try to put the 25 on it, and you can do like two. The problem is you're just not progressing and periodizing in a really decent way. You start with two and a half, you keep loaded them ships on you, go to a five, seven and a half, ten, and so on and so forth. After a few months, you are confidently doing 15 pounds for sets of six. Now you're about ready to do the 25s for something meaningful. Weighted pull-ups are awesome, you small increments. That's the big unlock. Weighted pull-ups are awesome. And they work. But there's also a way to do negative weighted pull-ups, aka assisted pull-ups. Assisted pull-ups are amazing if you have that machine. And they're amazing for people of two kinds. One, folks that just aren't strong enough relative to their body weight yet to do a lot of pull-ups. If you can do a maximum of four pull-ups or something like that, per set with your own body weight, she's it's kind of harder to train for hypertrophy when hypertrophy rep ranges five cents or more in most cases. But with assisted pull-ups, you can put 40 or 60 pounds or even 100 pounds right in the stack. And then you can do sets of eight, 12, 15, and more pull-ups get a ton of volume, a ton of stimulus, and over time, use a little bit less weight and a little bit less weight. And a little bit less weight. We're eventually, you try your hand at regular pull-ups again. Now, instead of doing sets of two to four reps for unweighted pull-ups or for regular pull-ups without the assistance machine. Now you can do sets of six sets of eight sets of ten, you're well on your weight. You just unlock your weight to regular pull-ups using assisted pull-ups. A lot of people ask me when they see me in a suit. Like, hey, doctrera, good day guys, with weird head for YouTube. I'm like, yeah, why? What's up? It's going on. Like, how do I get better at pull-ups? My usual answer is assisted pull-ups. They get you into the right-rep range, fried purtrophy. They build fucking lats, big biceps, big rear delts. You take those big muscles to regular pull-ups in all of a sudden, you're a king. That's just the first way you use them, the second way to use them. Use if you already big and strong, but you're fatigued, and you want variation and reparate. For me, I'll do weighted pull-ups in many workouts. In the same workout, I'll do a few sets of unweighted pull-ups, but now I'm tired. And they go right to the assisted pull-up machine and do multiple sets of higher reps, sets of 15. After four sets of pull-ups, I can't do 15 reps of even unweighted pull-ups, but I can sure shoot you 15 reps. If I have a hundred pounds of resistance, added to me instead of subtracted. So assisted pull-ups are huge for everyone in their amazing. And by one last tip for assisted pull-ups, is really focused on the mind muscle connection. It's been shown time and again in the research, that if you focus too much on the mind muscle connection, you can actually reduce the neural drive to the target muscles. That's no good. Pull-ups are often so hard, you need to keep all of your band with open for just try and really hard with good technique. Don't think about the muscles, just think about moving. Assisted pull-ups, the world is your oyster. You can choose anything you want in the select-rice stack. That's an opportunity not to go for ego shit, but an opportunity to really lock in and feel your lats opening up all the way through your biceps ear reared-outs, then assisted pull-ups become an awesome chiseling tool to make it even better at pull-ups, getting even bigger back, and finally getting that ass laid. I think you have a problem. I already know what it is. You don't have an assisted pull-up machine, and you don't have $3,500 to purchase a machine, bring it into your home gym. But I know what you do have for rents. I've read about them on the internet. Other people have them. And if you have a friend, they can help you with our next variation of pull-ups, which is the partner assisted pull-up. Yeah, that's a little weird looking. Yes, there's going to be a lot of their face and kind of your butthole, but that's fun, and that's what friends are for. The best way to do assisted pull-ups with a partner is the following. We know from really good science, there's a slight chance, although pretty decent, what I would say, that the lower eccentric face, causes us a little bit more muscle growth for less fatigue, than the concentric raising phase in a pull-up. So what we're going to do is your partner is going to grab underneath your feet. Don't cross your feet, just put your feet directly up behind you. Your partner is going to grab right on your shoelaces, take a big old with that ass, and is going to help you all the way up to the top, and then on the way down, they're going to keep their hands in position, but they're going to unload by maybe 20 or 30 pounds of resistance. So we're talking about maybe 60 pounds on the way up, and then 20 or 30 pounds on the way down. 60 pounds on the way up, 20 or 30 on the way down. That means not only are they assisting you to do more pull-up reps, but they are also giving you an accentuated eccentric load, which has some support and literature to grow even more muscle and strength. So if you can do a lot of pull-ups, you can do this at the end of the set. If you can do a lot of pull-ups, you can do this at his own set, after a bunch of sets of weighted pull-ups or unweighted pull-ups, or if you can't do a lot of pull-ups, this is a great way for you to be able to get some really good reps, some really good eccentric exposure, and the best thing of all, some good closeness with your friend. Plurl, you can also ask random strangers to do this in the gym, but that doesn't typically work out so well from experience. Frank, I'm sorry, can we still be friends? You might run into a problem with partner assisted pull-ups. You got no partner, everyone at the gym already knows you smell, so when you make eye contact for partner assisted, they just all pretend that no one exists. No worries, you can do an eccentric only pull-up. These are tough. These are especially good if you're really trying to master pull-up technique, and you aren't strong enough yet, or light enough yet to be able to do real pull-ups by yourself. No shame in the game. Personally, I don't even know how shame deals like. I only wear clothes because the government says they'll take me to jail if I go naked in public. That completely aside, here's how you do these. You get a nice tall box. You put it a little bit behind the pull-up attachment at your gym. And then you come all the way up. And I said tall box, I meant tall. You set up the box that you're full adult height, the box is close to your chin area. So boom, you have the bar right here. And then, as it's done in the old time, you move these with some modifications and not rope this time. What you do is you step forward gently, and then you ride the eccentric down off of that tall box that gives you that huge eccentric loading, you want maximum control. Don't just fall right at down. And if you really want a lot of them, we'll try to go really slow, because you have to step all the way back up onto the box, walk around and step up and do it again. You can't do such a ten of the shit. It's going to drive you wild. Sets of two or three at a time with good rest, but here's the thing. Because you got all the way up there, make time count. I'm talking about six, eight, 10 seconds riding that eccentric, especially right from the top. Right from the top, you lock in and go slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, right in the middle is going to be really tough. Really go slow all the way down. It's going to be an amazing movement. If you can do G, 10, 12 seconds eccentric like that, after a few months of practicing, you might realize that, hey, you can finally do some pull-ups. So this trick, you put in to your, I want to do a first pull-up or first couple of pull-ups arsenal. It's going to work out really, really well. You can do it. Band assisted pull-ups are next. I'm not in love with fees. I like them. I meet them every couple of weekends, what all my other tech scrolling doesn't get me the people I want, be in touch with. I'll have watch a movie with them. Maybe a hege or a beach hair in there, but nothing like a terrible connection. Why? Because the bands make the pull-up really easy at the bottom and really hard at the top, that's the opposite of the force curve you want from maximum growth. However, if you don't have an assisted pull-up machine, if you don't have any friends to help you on the partner assisted pull-ups, if you don't have a high box, we're just don't feel like doing 12-sehny centrics, band assisted pull-ups are totally fine. Really control that eccentric at the very top to get the most out of it when it's the hardest. At the very bottom, use the band to kind of rebound out and go faster, catch some wind, come all the way up, and then really control the eccentric. You're probably the best way to do this. These you could do conventional for normal sets and reps. The best way to do the band, there's two ways. A good way and a fun way. The good way is to take the band, loop it around the pull-up bar, and take your foot and step right down into it. Then you move your other foot into it at the same time, and you're riding, you're good to go. The fun way is to step one foot in at first, and then instead of stepping the other foot in, you slide the band over and let it zip right into your testicles. And if you're a lady, that might also feel fun. Then I'm not sure what you do after that, probably cry. The last pull-up variation we saved for last because it is the least. It sucks. This isn't what to do, it's what you're not to do. In its mid-range bro pull-ups, here's why you should do these. You're a coward, so you can't admit the fact that you're just not strong enough to do an impressive number of pull-ups, but you also have a giant over and flated ego. So you want people to understand that you can do pull-ups. So you jump up on the bar, you get to right where the pull-ups are easier, somewhere in that mid-range, even close to the top and up here. You huff and puff and make a lot of noise. You can even use these with weight to prove to people that you're too big of an egotistical idiot to take the weight off, but also you have a teeny tiny little fragile ego so that you need to weight so that people understand that you're strong. You can do these pull-ups anytime, it gyms across America. You'll be swimming in a sea of compatriots because damn everyone trains like this. If you want to impress muscle mommy, however, or Chad Lyftor, weightlifter guy who has first-segrips, weightlifting shoes, and he's all kidded out, you'll never do it like this. So if you want to be a real man or woman, you're going to do pull-ups full range because you want maximum benefits, and your ego is something you leave at the door when you go to the gym. And when you pick it up, make sure you find the you're labeled ego because if you pick up someone else's ego, and it just gets kind of weird, I guess. Folks, a last tip here is pull-up training is mostly about training your forearm flexors, brachialis, brachialis, brachialis, brachialis, biceps, et cetera. It's about training your rear delts, and it's about training all the muscular share of your back. Your forearms, your grip can be trained by itself, and you don't want to let it interfere with your pull-up training. If you're feeling on pull-ups, you feel weak on pull-ups because you're on your fingertips, you're not doing justice to all of the other muscles. There are two good solutions to this problem. One is chalk, I love chalk, I eat the shit, put it under my eyelids, a whole thing. Get a lot of chalk going, rub the chalk on the bar. You guys like this. You can 100% get a ton of a chalk. It's awesome. The problem of chalk is it doesn't travel well, and a lot of gym owners are pretty upset with you if you like make chalk dust for everyone in the high-border giant of girl, let's coughing in the corner. Versa grips are incredible. Straps are cool, but if you kind of try to strap in, and you're doing it and pull-ups, you're doing it high, it ends up being the delusional as soon as you go, they're not go at it at all. Versa grips loop, loop, lock-in, and then you can just fingertips hold them, you get full transduction of power. It's been shown time and time again in studies. That if you don't have a good grip on something when you're pulling it, your muskier would share forepulling, not just the grip. Experiences less activation and less growth, but if you're locked in, even if it's not under your own power, you can 100% just do more and get more of a result. Versa grips, sure we have a code somewhere, there's a link in the description, no doubt, get them shits because they are unbeleivable, not just for pull-ups, for first-listed pull-ups, pull-downs, all the delts stuff, all the hamstring work you want, they're amazing, check them out. Folks, I've spent a lot of my time pulling on things. Yes, you guessed it, the male, general anatomy, my own, in fact. Many of you are not going to be able to replicate my exact lead because you don't have access to micro-pinsors and a microscopy device. Me, I'm a dedicated man. For you, pull-ups, you now know a bunch of ways to do them, you can mix and match them, and you have the ultimate arsenal to become like pull-up kinger queen to get an enormous back, and it's just going to be the new way you live. You're going to ask everyone a server, the car dealership, guy, hey how many pull-ups can you do? Here's a tip. As soon as they even start answering, like yeah cool, I can do 22, just cut people off. You don't need to hear what they say, it's been all about you this entire time. What's that? You've got to go do you shit? See you next time for the next video.