Anything that reduces Dom's check the song is probably going to reduce your gains. So anti-inflammatories, taking in high doses, shut down that inflammation process that's triggered during your workout to some extent. They reduce it. That means your muscles are like, hey, we trained. She'll be grow. They look to inflammation inflammation. Cool it today. Yeah, you grow a little bit, but not too much. Vitamin C over here says stop. And vitamin C is a good enough to be growing. Well, the f*** fine. I won't grow as much muscle. And that's physiology. That's why I got fired from being a professor. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. And I have good news. And I have bad news. Scott, good news first. Sure. Good news. I feel pretty good today, guys. Nice. Bad news. There are drugs. And over the counter supplements you could be taking right now. It could be costing you gains. Oh, all of my Judaism felt that. Ah, my gains. No. It's a real thing. And even healthy supplements can do this as well. And you don't have to speculate about which drugs and supplements can be costing you gains. Because your boy did some research. I sat on the toilet and scrolled on Twitter. Scott, that's research, right? Sure. Yes. Hey, I was on the toilet for a long time. I did a lot of scrolling. No, I didn't wash my hands. Scott, washing hands every time after you poop. A good idea in a modern society that understands germ theory and politeness or outdated nonsense. And you're just losing it. And you don't have to do it every time. Because Jesus. Yeah. I mean, you waste soap. You waste water. For killed the environment. Drives your hands out. How many reasons not to wash your hands? It's preach. Captain planet doesn't want you. He's a hero. How is he supposed to take pollution back to zero if you're stealing all the water to wash your hands with after you poop in any case? There are just over 10 supplements. Slash drugs, which are not exotic. And many people take regularly to have no idea or interfering with their gains at a molecular level that cause real world less muscle than you could have otherwise had. We're going to look each one. And I'm going to give you some actual advice. It's not just going to be a scare video of, oh, oh, I'm going to say, hey, what is the compound? How much of it do you have to take to be in the kind of danger zone situation for getting some gains wiped off the table? Not muscle gains. These compounds almost never actually reduce your muscle size. But if you are training with the intention of gaining muscle, they can make the gains come slower and less gains. That's a big problem. So to put this by analogy, if we use money in income as an analogy, oh, Judaism, then it's not like this thing takes money out of your bank account and drains your savings. Oh, Scott, the Shenzhenian-Depanic mode, the mere suggestion that something could do that. When it does, is it lowers your monthly income. You work in hard for that income, baby. You are here to insets and reps. You need high protein meals. But the amount of income still positive. The amount of gains still positive. But way less positive in some cases, especially if you have like all these at the same time. Do not try that at home. I would actually say don't try it anywhere. But if you do try it observable hospital setting, ideally in an ICU. All right. Let's look at some of these. I have a whole list. I've checked a twice. Everyone on here is naughty and nice. Scott, what do you think about Santa Claus when he looks over his list? And he's having one of those like philosopher days. The night before Christmas. And he's like, everyone's some combination of naughty and nice. Yeah. Like, if I was saying I'd just be looking for the naughty list, if you know what I'm saying. Let's see, I'm Scott, the video guy. I'm Santa Claus. I haven't packed any gifts. I've packed rubbers. Yeah. And I'm going only two houses of females of both legal consenting reproductive age that happen to be a simultaneous combination of profoundly attractive and with a very tilted moral compass. Yeah. Who wants the nice list, do you know? I could just like, fuck about you. Back and not care. Santa's here. Back, shimmery blows up. You got bricks orbiting you. That's like the cool way man, but down the chimney. That's right. And foolish girl. I will show you. Power. All right. Let's do the video, right? Scott. Let's do the video. All right. So guys, I must say this first one and you're going to be like, hey, I've taken it before vitamin C and vitamin E, especially in combination, form very powerful anti-oxidant pair, which is incredible for your health. But this is a string that's going to run through pretty much this entire conversation. So let me frame it for you. Think of a string, non-kitter. Inflammation can be good and bad. There are, this is way over simplifying, but there's the kernel of truth here is really valuable. So if you just think of this as this is a little oversimplified, but it's still a lot of truth and it's going to be super, super helpful. There is a bad type of inflammation that is two things. Systemic, it's all around. Everything is not going to inflame your blood vessels, your joints, your neural tissue, all that stuff. And chronic. Unabating systemic inflammation that happens for days and days and days and weeks and weeks and months and months is a bad for pretty much every single body system. And does not get you jacked. A cute short-term inflammation in specific tissues is healing promoting and rearchitecture promoting and growth promoting. When you get delayed onset muscle soreness, that is a very local to the muscle-trained type of inflammation that you do not want to fuss with because that inflammation brings in all of those cool macrophages and parts of the immune system that actually upgrade your shit and make you more jacked. So anti-inflammatories, taking in high doses, especially before during or after your workout, within about three to six hours in each direction, more like three, sometimes like six. Shot down that inflammation process that's triggered during your workout to some extent, they reduce it. Matt means your muscles are like, hey, we trained. She'll be grow and they look to inflammation inflammation like, nah, cool it today. Yeah, you grow a little bit but not too much. Vitamin C over here says stop and vitamin C is like, you better not be growing. Motherfucker. You know what? You just, you just call me that word. Vitamin C is like, what are you going to do about it? And you're like, I'll, I'll straight up and then vitamin E comes up. He's like, what are you going to do? What? You're like, I was too, you got, damn it. Fine. I won't grow as much muscle. And that's physiology. Vitamin C and E, via that pathway I just described, can shut down your local muscular inflammation too much if you take them around workouts and that might cost you gains. So what are we talking about here? We are talking about a thousand milligrams plus per day of vitamin C and 400 I use plus of vitamin E, especially if you take it daily for weeks, especially if you take it around the workout, can meaningfully reduce your gains. But if you avoid very high doses for weeks and or if you take smaller doses and or you stay away from three to six hours around the workout in both directions before and after, definitely during, then you're probably going to pay no downsides and still benefit massively from the incredible health effects of vitamin C and E. So an almost none of this here is just don't take this stuff. Just don't put it in really high doses chronically for weeks around your workout window is like a really big deal. Next, and a seedle system, otherwise known as NAC, Scott, you're down with NAC. Yeah, you know, and I'm an early 90s with some fun rap music. You can't sing out loud anymore because a lot of words real bad. It is a new collytic. So if you have an abunch of snot, you can take some of it and it cuts it down a little bit from colds and stuff. It is an antioxidant and check this out. It reduces Dom's delayed onset muscle sonus. Anything that reduces Dom's check this out. That is not just training at a higher frequency or getting used to higher volumes or eating and sleeping, is probably going to reduce your gains. Dom's is the canary in the coal mine for gains and the canary flies in. You have like a electric fancening canary is like, it's probably small's delicious as after a while the canary is like fried chicken, but the canary's dead. So NAC, because of those antioxidants and effects, anything more than about two grams per day of NAC chronically, especially if around workout windows will cost you gains. So if you want to take it, take it in the morning, far from the workout. Let's say is hypothetically midday, take it in the evening, far from the midday workout or take it on rest days when you don't work out and you get some combination of the benefits and very, very few of the downsides. Another one, our next one is Sircumin. Good, that's how you say that, Scott? Sircumin, maybe. Turmeric has it in there. Scott, did you know that I thought it was too maryc for a while? There's no like other than R in the middle? I have here's still a few a lot of people say that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like, nobody says for brewery, everyone says February. Yeah, yeah. So Turmeric to me is one of two things. Amalachule that is basically if you scale up a lot of the molecule, you get a 37 year old Los Angeles resident Caucasian woman is instantiated because she's like, oh my god, herbs are like everything. I mean, like you say in a lot of the, oh yeah, I don't know about sack, but like now like corporations, you guys know the rest. But if you have too much Turmeric extracting, you get a lot of succumin in there. What you're going to have is a lot of anti-inflammatory effect, which is awesome and joint pain relief and a whole reduced soreness that's hitting that acute inflammatory intracellular pathway that is causative of muscle growth. We don't want that. More than two grams a day of circumnaudes, Scott like, hey Francis, what's got you glum today? I went to the doctor. Have got circumnaudes. I can't even sit down. Scott, you've, you've never had hemorrhides having. I actually have not, shockingly, suffering all the other things. God would. I don't know what those are really. I know they just come out your bum hole. Yep, that's about where my expertise and hemorrhides stops. If you have more than two grams of circumnaudes daily, yeah, you may not be growing as much and so avoid pre-imposed work out and ideally take in the evening and you're probably good to go even at high doses. So this is one of these where you move away from the workout window and you're totally good to go. Here's an interesting fact. A lot of supplements that people take. Scott, this won't probably make sense to you. Guys, one of the reasons I talked to Scott is one of our best friends I like talked to. But also one of the reasons I talked to Scott. He's a normal person. He's not like some kind of weird in-cell lifter culture guy. So I had to like, any normal idea about how the normal works. I like parse through Scott really quick. Scott, glad I'm your in-exy into the normal world. Yeah, like, end up like going to jail for a bunch of crimes. It all like his connection to the normal world is this guy. Everyone's like, I get it. That's why. Okay. So Scott, have you ever felt this vibe that people who are like doing health shit will stack all their health shit? Like they'll have a pre-workout, bunch of vitamins and minerals and powders. They'll go work out and then they'll have a bunch of those after and they're like, I did health today. And like, way fewer number of people will work out at some point of the day. But then either way in the morning or way in the evening will also eat pills. They just tend to cluster it all into like health times. That's why like gyms cell-like shakes and stuff afterwards, you know? Yeah, you do all your health and then you move on. And then you go and have 18 beers in a hot dog. Yeah. So that's one of the things that gets people in trouble with this. Because they're like, well, yeah, my pre-workout has a bunch of antioxidants in it. You're like, oh, it's not how that works. So stuff should be split apart. So the workout window is for carbs and protein and not much else. Of course stimulants beforehand, if you like, but none of the other stuff and here's the problem. Some, especially more natural type pre-workouts have a lot of the stuff in it. And it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, they work in the sense that like, you'll have these things and I've heard literal people say this. But yeah, I have like my pre-workout, my post-workout stuff and I'm like, just like, don't get so anymore and you're like, okay, that's actually not good because you're describing the pathway by which you are shutting down muscle growth or greatly reducing. Next is Resilvera Troll, which got a lot of hype is going to anti-aging supplement back and they doesn't do a whole lot of that does some, but it does promote cardiovascular health. It is a very strong antioxidant, any more than 250 milligrams per day, chronically with training with training, which a lot of people take for because it has some cardiovascular training adaptations that it does is going to cost you muscle growth. So if you start having it pre-imposed work out, push it to evenings or rest days and avoid it during bulking phases, you're probably in a pretty good spot. Cursatin, similar to her as a very troll and it's kind of target demographic, it's an antioxidant, it doesn't mean you support. It has energy booster marketing, it's not so clear that it boosts energy maybe by a little bit. Anything about over a thousand milligrams per day, especially per workout window, especially chronically, can meaningfully reduce muscle growth. And so non-training times is when you should take it and if you can take a slightly lower dose that'll probably be beneficial for your games. So maybe when you're on a fat loss phase or maintenance phase, you can take more of it for some of its health benefits. But when you're on a blocking phase and you're really trying to grow muscle, reducing or eliminating some of these supplements and drugs might be a really good idea. Next up is metformin. Now there's a bit of controversy because at least one direct study I'm familiar with shows that metformin does not cause failure to gain muscle and any dose. It's just a liver-specific effect that it has on the mTOR pathway that causes muscle growth that reduces it in the liver but maybe not everywhere else. Although just to be rather safe and sorry, there is a probability that metformin does cause a less muscle gain. It is a blood glucose control drug. It is probably an effective, though very mild anti-aging therapy, a slowing therapy. It helps with insulin sensitization and anything more than about two milligrams to go to good God that would be nothing. Anything more than about two thousand milligrams of it per day is going to have potentially some kind of muscle lowering effect as far as gains go. If you avoid it around sessions then it's really not a big problem. The thing is like 2000 milligrams of metformin is like you're really diabetic for sure. A lot of people who take metformin are either predi-bedic or just not diabetic and they're doing it as a prophylactic. And then usually a thousand milligrams per day is totally fine. And if you take those in the morning and the evening and you train not just directly after even if you train directly after it's just not a big deal. So metformin is not a huge one. Burberry is a natural glucose disposal agonist which metformin is an artificial one. It lowers glucose. It improves blood lipids so it's pretty healthy thing to take. But if you're taking more than a thousand milligrams per day, total especially around your work out you could be running into these same kinds of problems of lack of muscle growth. So again, it's a best idea to take it far from the workout three to six hours in each direction away from your workout. And ideally consider taking less of it or not much of it if you're in a bulking phase dedicated to try to gain muscle. Next one is alpha-lopoic acid, otherwise known as ALA. Again, it's an antioxidant, common theme. It's an insulin sensitizer so it's very good for you. It also is helpful for neuropathy support. This actually makes your nervous system tissue including brain tissue more healthy which is really really good. But if you're going over 600 milligrams per day especially per workout, you're going to run into some problems with muscle growth not a ton but just a little bit. So again, taking it out of the workout window and reducing the dosage maybe not a 300 milligrams is something that's going to make a lot of sense for basically taking that gains problem and reducing it functionally to zero. So let me make this a really really clear. At 600 milligrams around the workout, like just before just after, it's going to have some notable, though, small effect on gains. If you take that 600 and you move it to outside of the workout, the effect on gains becomes barely measurable. If you take that down to 300 milligrams, it becomes basically there's no effect on gains. So that's really really good news, you guys, because it's not like, well, 300, you know, a way out of the workout still causes 50% of the lack of muscle gains that you would if you had 600 in the workout not even close. So that's good news. You can manage these things mostly just by moving them away from the workout and going from like the highest possible dose down to just something average dose. And then you're really in the in the clear, which is why in the great sort of grand population, we don't see massive effects of these things reducing muscle gains because most people aren't doing them close to the workout and they're not doing a high dose. But a lot of people are, which is why you should probably hear about this and stay tuned for more of this video because we monetize somehow. Scott, is that true that watch time makes us more money? Yeah, who knows what I'll do next, fellas. Then I'll then I'll then I'll entertain this. That's more more to come. All right. Next, this one kind of hit me out of thin arrows. I was like, holy shit. This one's in a lot of pre-workouts you guys. Green tea, catechins. Green tea extract is a fat oxidizer, which is cool. It liberates fat for burning if you're going to be burning it has cardin metabolic health benefits, which is awesome, but it's also a pretty strong antioxidant. And that's where we get into the problems. Now, you got to be in that 500 to 800 milligram plus per day range, especially peri workout to really hit muscle growth. And anything over 800 milligrams per day actually livers raises your liver damage risks substantially. That's a shit load of gritty catechins. But there's not a shit load of anything. You didn't think people would actually put in a supplements that someone hasn't tried to put in a pre-workout. Scott, you ever see the doses in some shit and pre-workouts and you're like, how is this legal? Yeah, for sure. There are many pre-workouts, so the typical dosing range for caffeine is like a pep in your step. Doses 50 to 100 milligrams. A real like holy shit. You're going to wake up as 100 to 200 milligrams. And top end safe daily exposure for many people is 1000 milligrams. And then you go over that and you're going to be having a rough time. There are numerous pre-workouts that in the recommended two scoops per serving, like one serving, is in the five to 600 milligram range for caffeine. Scott, what happened to you if you took that at like 4 p.m. and then worked out? Be awake for like the next week or some shit like that. Yeah. So green tea catechins, people love to pixie dust those with high doses into their pre-workouts. They get to brag about how healthy it is. And that's not wrong, but it does interfere with muscle growth or some extent. So avoiding taking a pre-postworkout is really just all you need to do. If you take it other times today, it's super, super awesome for you. But again, green tea catechins are often found in pre-workout products. So this is a good opportunity to look through your pre-workout to see what the hell is in it that could actually be giving you great workouts. But for less of a purpose, less stimulative, not so awesome. Imagine a situation where like you took a drug that extended your ability to have intercourse with your friend of whatever genders currently politically corrected joke about. And the problem, the downside was that it made every single stroke like one third as pleasurable. Scott, would you make that trade off? Are you tired of having a little bit of sex for a lot of pleasure? Well, yeah, Mr. that's a real big problem for me. My old gal Lucy says I could be stroking away till sundown if she'd have her way. Well, guess what kid you can have the penis size of 5000 nilogram serving. Cool. Cool. It'll make me a stud sort of Billy and it'll make you last but you'll hate sex because it's just going to be tiring at that point. Scott, we need to work on that market and copy. Damn. That's six whole minutes. Just getting fellas six hours for me, your boys out here just crushing it. Yeah. Hi, name did you hear that joke? That did not get hurt down here. Yeah, green tea catacons next super common drug. Maybe the most common one on this list. I'd be profan, aka Adville, pain relief inflammation control. And if now here's the good news. 400 to 800 milligrams of ibuprofen is usually like a solid dose to get that headache to go away. Get the sore elbow to go away. 1200 milligrams plus per day for weeks or an acute bout of 1200 milligrams around the workout window, absolutely blunt muscle hypertrophy. You get less growth. So if you're going to have to take it take it three to six hours away from lifting and ideally just not in that workout window and on rest days if needed. Here's the thing. I'd be profan to something you take for like acute or semi chronic like several days long problems. So I mean, if your head hurts now, either suck it up and go train with a headache and hopefully the headache goes away and training which a ton of times it does. Or you just like take the ibuprofen 800 migs. It'll do something for you. It's not quite enough to really have per muscle growth. You go to it. You go do your training. I'll talk about more and a bit how these real world when you need them drugs are to be taken and how little effect this makes in the end. But, but there are many, many athletes. You know athletes that just like eat, addville like a f***ing candy, right? Yeah. Like all the time. And they're like, yeah, whatever. I literally know tons of people who's joins us out from lifetime of shitty technique and EOLifting that they will take like a thousand milligrams of ibuprofen before and after training in order to just train, just get through training and not be super sore after. That's the problem. That's a big big problem because you will not gain as much muscle that way if you're doing that. Very related drug is an approximate. Again, pain relief. It's a long lasting anti-inflammatory. It has a long half life. So anything north of about 500 milligrams per day chronically is going to make you gain less. So this is one of these things that if you have to take the prox and for something, that's something that's probably bad enough that your gains need to take a like a backseat. So if you're on high dose neprox and for a while, just to treat some kind of really nasty inflammation you have, how would they switching legit switching to maintenance training? Just basically strength training low volume heavier weight for those few weeks. If you can, if your body's okay and it's some inflammation somewhere else you're treating. So if you're clear to train by your doctor, train for maintenance and eat for maintenance when you're on to prox and because the weight of prox and worse is always in your bloodstream. It's a long half life. It never really lets up on the interfering with gains thing. And so if you're at those doses that matter 500 milligrams per day plus, yeah, and training for gains might not be like the best thing to do with your time at that time. Next up is Dick Lofenack. Scott, if your last name was Dick Lofenack, how many times would you get punched in the face in middle school? Hey, Dick Lofenack, wham. Also known as Voltaren, which is a much better way to say it. I suppose it's super potent pain reliever, but it's a massive antinflanatory. And it only 150 milligrams per day, it can absolutely zap some of your gains, especially if taken peri workout. So avoid taking around workouts. And again, if you're taking Voltaren, you know, there's going to be a situation where you have to think of like, what is my health concern and is it really worth it for me to try to get some maximum hypertrophy going now? And I think Voltaren has a gel. So it's like local, then it's not a big problem, but if it's an orally administered or anything else like that, if it's systemic, it might not be a great time. High dose aspirin is our next drug, because for about like, you know, 80 milligrams of aspirin is actually cardio-protective, but we're talking about 650 milligrams plus per dose every six to eight hours. Like a real solid anti-inflammatory dosing will absolutely interfere with growth just about as much as the other anti-inflammatories like ibuprofen, nepox, and et cetera. So those again, avoid around training for sure. Try to keep the doses reasonable as you can, in addition to that, but also try to figure out is this the time in my life these next few weeks, while I need high dose aspirin that I'm really just kind of trying to get jacked. Because here's what I'm trying to say, guys, if you have some kind of condition which like for a week, you know, some kind of some ship, like let's say you, I don't know, you like we're in a work accident and you snap one of your fingers back or some shit. It's really inflamed. And the doctors look at it, they're like, look, construction is healing, I mean, these fine, you're just the inflammation's going to kind of while and it's going to really annoy you, just like take like four or five day course of a combination of like, I don't know, an approximate aspirin assumption like that. Just as an example, those four or five days, we just just take them off of training or do de-load so that you cannot have to just like work like a dog for way fewer gains. That's what I want you guys to get out of this video mostly is to be like, look, if I have to take a lot of these drugs pretty seriously for a real medical condition, maybe it's just not the time for me to try to train as much as possible and try to gain muscle because that muscle gain situation might not be there for me. And the last thing are last drug is acedaminophen, aka Tylenol, aka Envyungor, it kingdom, pericetemol, well, pericetemol, you tell people to see it in menifend and like Australian, and they look at you like you're stupid. And then they say pericetemol, and Scott, you know what I tell them when I do when they use words and English that I don't understand, they'll say, frightened me. Not to tell you what, brother, we may well be in male Bernoulli, but you see across the horizon there across the sea, they're like, I don't reckon I do. Well, that there is United States, nuclear powered aircraft carrier, battle group, son, god damn it. Unless you want, unless you're trying to get this Australian country to be our fifth first state of art, great United States, boy, you better start using terms we like, like acedaminophen, god damn it. Typically I'm a squirted to jail after that. Tylenol's don't, man, it helps with pain relief, fever reduction. If you're real sick, you take it four grams per day because you take a thousand milligrams doses a few times per day is absolutely going to suppress exercise and do muscle protein, synthesis, a directly confirmed by studies at this dosage. So pre and post work out, you want to avoid it. And again, it's that whole thing of it's for taking a Tylenol for something pretty serious for a few days in a row at high doses. It's just not the time to go hard on the gym. Here's a real tricky thing. In a young man, high dose anti-inflammatories, suppress muscle growth substantially from training. In older men, people in their 50, 60s, 70s, in some of them, in many of them, moderate dose anti-inflammatories, increase hypertrophy. How? Because in older men, sometimes they have poor health and chronic elevated systemic inflammation. So when you bring down this chronic elevated systemic inflammation, it's anti-muscle growth and anti-good health for you effects reduce and thus you're actually freed up to grow more muscle and usual. It's not that local inflammation that we're stopping it's the systemic stuff. But since young adults have very little of it, they just take the hit straight to the face and it reduces their muscle growth. So if you're an older individual and you are taking some kind of vitamin C and E supplement to keep your systemic inflammation lower, that might actually be enhancing your gains. But if you're younger and individual and you're taking like four or five of these at the same time, that's where you start paying the cost to gain. Now check this out. Rapping it up. If you take much lower doses of these drugs and substances that we talked about, like a third of the top end dose, you're probably fine and there's almost no reason to worry about muscle gain loss. Muscle gain loss. Yeah, set it right. If you don't dose the shit pre-imposed work out, you're probably fine. Even if it is at a pretty high dose. If you take these things for a few days here and there to treat acute medical problems, like your two thirds and you need to take some Tylenol. So your tooth doesn't hurt until you go to the dentist, then he fixes your tooth five days later. Then you're totally fine if you want to train through that process. But honestly, you're also totally fine to take a few days off of a few maintenance just strength training days in the gym, reduce some fatigue, fix all your underlying problems, get back into the gym, and start ramping back up into high volumes to get even better gains. That is my sincere recommendation. But if you take these things consistently at high doses within the workout window, perfect example is lots of pre-workouts have a load of every vitamin for no good reason. And also a ton of re-inticatechins and then you're well on your way in, you know, you had that bump shoulder or see you take a couple of ad bills before every training session. That right there could be costing you substantial fraction of your gains. Not of muscle you've already built. But of the muscle you'll never see that you couldn't have built because all of your results are not as good as they could be as far as gains are concerned. If that's you definitely think about avoiding that, it's how the huge deal because you'll still make gains, but it's something to think about because your gains could have been better. And another really quick way to make your gains even better is to track and program your nutrition to get enough protein, carbs and calories throughout at least four evenly spaced meals per day to get yourself as jacked as possible in the way you could do that. Using the RP Diet Coach app, there's a link in the description, it's all over the app store, it's an app I use every single day, it's an app I had a big hand in designing as a matter of fact. Just tells me what I can't eat, but it gets me shreddy, Kruegerd and jacked, sitting. Anyway, you guys do memes better than I do. Go do memes by yourself, scroll through Instagram, pointly salute at a screen, think about why you don't have any real-life friends, but then don't worry more screen scrolling will probably fix that somehow. I've been Dr. Mike and I'll see you guys next time.