Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Let's talk about eight of some of the most common mistakes in that lost dieting. You don't want to make a meal, you don't want your clients to make a meal, you don't want your friends to make them. Let's talk about them, talk about why the mistakes and just be sure to note them and avoid them. Number one, these aren't necessarily an order of how common they are, but they're all pretty fucking common. Massive, upfront, deficit. Right. Yeah, it's fun to do a crazy diet and not eat hardly anything, except massive deficits upfront, wildly increase the diet fatigue and cause the rest of the diet to be pure hell. Your ultra-hungry, ultra-sleep-up-rived, ultra-cravy, ultra-week because you nasty cut in that deficit early. In addition, for those of us who are not as used to dieting or for those of us who still have probability of falling off the wagon, a huge deficit upfront is kind of like a weater class in college, like biochem. Most people will just fail because they probably shouldn't be in the major. We don't want that to be the thing with dieting. We want most people to succeed. So we don't want a crazy deficit upfront, just a nice, normal deficit, something that lets you lose between half a percent or a percent of your body per week, not of this 2% per week bullshit. Big mistake. Next one, number two, people who don't set a weight or duration goal. It's totally fine to say I'm gonna do this diet, I'm gonna do a good deficit for 10 or 12 weeks. Amazing. It's also fine to be like, I'm gonna lose 20 pounds. I think it's gonna take me about 12 to 14 weeks, plus or minus, but as soon as I lose 20 pounds, I'm done, I go to maintenance phase, I let all that diafeteague heal and then I go again or I live in maintenance. If you don't have a weight or duration goal, how the fuck do you know when to stop? And how do you know when to prevent yourself from going so far that you get in that crazy rebound and get super fat again? It's tough. Also, if you don't have a duration or a goal, you won't have, I've sort of turned before the light at the end of the tunnel effect. Where if you're on pound 15, you've lost 15 pounds out of the 20, and it's getting that you wanted, if getting really, really hard to lose weight and really psychologically burn some, you can always look at the light at the end of the tunnel and be like, mother fucker, I'm only five fucking pounds away from this shit. Let's get this fucking money. Let's do it right. But if you've lost 15 pounds and you come to work tired to hungry and your boss's like, Jim, you're looking good, how much more weight you have to lose? You're like, I don't know. He's like, Jesus Christ, but keeps you up every day. You're fucking kidding me? How do you even motivate yourself? Mm-hmm, right? If you are in a really tough situation which you will get into and almost every fat loss that I towards the end, having an end is such an amazing motivating thing, be it in two weeks I'm done or be it in five pounds I'm done. You don't wanna push that aside and be like, I had never fucking hands bro. It doesn't work out well for almost everyone. Really easy to get, demotivated and really easy to get, to losing for so long, we're losing so much weight that your body's mechanisms that bring you back up, get really fired up and overwhelm you and then you lost 20 pounds regain 10, that sucks, you don't wanna be in that perspective. This is such a big deal the way an duration goal that in the RP diet coach app, what you could be using now for 15 bucks a month, whatever it costs and great diet coaching or pocket, but you play too much. In the app, we have distinct duration and weight loss combination goals to say, okay, I wanna lose X, I wanna lose 10 pounds and eight weeks, I would lose 14 pounds and 12 weeks, whatever. You tell us and we tell you how difficult it's gonna be, right? Because you don't wanna bite off more than you can chew. And one thing we have had requests for in the app by a few people not too many is like, is there a mode where I just start dieting and there's no duration or there's no weight goal and we're just like, well, like, our software engineers could make that update in like 10 minutes, but like, why? That's crazy. You don't wanna go down a never-ending diet alley. It's a bad idea. And people do it, they do it all the time, don't do it. Don't just start a diet, know when the diet is coming to an end, so you can do a good job, checklist, and switch to me. Point number three, people make mistakes, is free meals, cheat meals, or free days, or cheat days are in most cases, a fucking stupid idea, because what they do is allow you to eat just enough tasty food to get your really fucking craving more and then it cuts it off and goes back to suffering. If you're gonna suffer, just fucking dig in, just dig in and do it, and then after a while, you're eating mostly bland diet foods anyway, you kind of forget how the good stuff tastes. That's a fucking good thing, okay? I'm gonna make a real shitty shitty shitty fucking analogy. I'm sorry, it advanced at this offense, you've done the last actually pretty decent analogy on the logical structure. If you decide for some strange reason, this mostly applies to the gentleman as female sexuality is both complex and it ludes me entirely. If you decide to have a no-wink period for like two weeks, okay, two weeks, no-winking. Your body's like, I'm gonna pay $1,000. Don't you go down there touching yourself. Hey, sweet, what are you gonna do? Are you gonna just try to like work in school and sleep and shower and lift into your normal shit? And just try to just not think about the shit, or are you gonna like look at porn daily or every three days, I get 15 minutes to look at porn, but I don't jack off. What are you nuts? You're just making a shit 50 times difficult for yourself and honestly, bro, that's the way cheap meals work in most cases. Are there people who have a cheap meal or a cheap day? They don't go overboard on it and then they're just satisfied and then they go along, yes, but those people are quite rare compared to the most of us that a cheap meal or a cheap day just throws us the fuck off our plan. Lastly, it's really, really tough to have a cheap meal or a cheap day, especially in which you don't eat so many fucking calories over your maintenance, that you actually erase some of the progress that you've made for days and days and days beforehand. I've seen people do a cheat. Once every five days, three to five days, one meal meal, go to all you can eat per day, and erase almost all of the deficit that they've had for five days before. How the fuck? Well, if you're fucking starving to death, eating 3,000 calories in a Chinese buffet in one sitting is actually quite reasonable. Many people can do it. I fucking done it before. Sabotage tons of stuff, mewn. What the hell, man? Only one and every 20 of my meals is a cheat meal. Yeah, but if the cheat's that bad, it erases a shit, whatever the deficit, it's a bad idea. It's a bad idea and almost all the cases. Don't do it. You know, insert joke about how that relates to porn here. Yeah, yeah. All right, so, save if you want tasty foods, fucking sweet. So do we all. Save the shit for maintenance, right? Those are fat loss, do your fat loss. Minimal or no cheating. First half of your maintenance phase for several weeks for sure, no cheating, because it's too much and it'll just rebound you. When your body feels really good, your mind feels really solid. You've had tons of clean food for a few weeks. You feel like you're super good. Half some cookies, half some pizza, half some whatever. You'll have a few slices of your like, all that was really great. You won't rebound like crazy and everything will be wonderful. So yes, cheat foods and all that stuff is amazing. It's the fucking roof. This is joy of life, but don't do it during a diet because it sabotages you like crazy. Fourth mistake, cutting out carbs right away should have been mistaken number one because it's so fucking common. But again, these are not a gorge or if I'm common they are. Cutting out carbs right away is really sweet because it instantly drops your body water and your body weight by a shitload of weight five sometimes 10 pounds. And it is a great for that initial inspiration. The problem is after that your weight loss starts to go real slow, a pound or two per week and that can be demotivating. If you don't cut your carbs right away you just impose a deficit. It's a pound or two every week. And you're like, hey, hell yeah, like I'm still going at it. You don't have to wonder what the fuck you did wrong after three weeks of the diet when the diet stops working. So yeah, I keep it works for me for a little while, but then it doesn't, I don't know. I keep it works the entire time. It's just the body water flux that you detect as working but it's just really, if you start eating carbs again, it unworks itself when you gain 10 pounds in the same few days. So cutting carbs right away is not a great idea because you need carbohydrates to fill you up. They're very filling, especially fruits and veggies. They give you tons of energy to use your brain and your body throughout the day. Cutting out carbs is also bad for athletic performance, is bad for muscle retention. So it's a good idea to keep the carbs in and not slash them right away. Because again, the only benefit of slash in carbs right away in most cases is, it's, it's, it was a lot of weight at first, water weight and then I don't know. I don't know what happens after that, but everyone's always like, oh, I lose tons of weight on keto for how many weeks, like, well, I have first cup and then what? I just fall off the way. Now, that's not to say, the low carb diets are bad. You can do a low carb diet, but you expect the watery loss to be a watery loss. You don't get super jazzed up a lot of, oh my god, I lost five pounds this week. Who knows what'll happen next week? Two pounds. Oh fuck. Yeah, you should've seen that one coming. Number five, not enough protein and or weights. A lot of people will do a fat loss diet, but it's really a weight loss diet or a tissue loss diet, because they don't eat sufficient protein. They don't train hard with weights and train hard meat even mean two times a week, full body weight training and anything above. You're winning in that book. Some people just don't train with weights at all. So they'll do a diet and they'll do some yoga or Pilates or not even, they'll just do some jogging. And then after a few months, people are like, oh my god, Cindy, you look like you're, are you okay? Are you sick? I'm like, what the fuck man, I just lost 15 pounds. Like, oh, is that because you're sick? No god damn it, I'm doing a diet. Oh, I see. Is that special diet because you're sick? No, if I didn't get any, I'm sick. Which because if you lose a bunch of muscle empaths at the same time, you look sick. If you don't want that. So if you train with weights and you eat plenty of protein, instead of just getting smaller and more pathetic looking, you get leaner and more fucking Superman looking. So when that bitch at work says some shit to you, it'd better be the right thing. Like, hey, Susie, I heard that you were like, you do more of these, you heard what? She's like, please, I have a family. Exactly, you human. It's got, give me a fireball. I'm a man. Even if he doesn't do it, it'll be funny. All right. Number six mistake is over or underhyping meal frequency. You got two, three types of people. Normal people that eat anywhere between several meals and multiple meals through the day, and they're totally good with it. And they don't think it's magical and it's just a way to get in food and high protein feeding and plenty of energy. And that's great. And you got people in the other side that are eating like nine meals a day or eight meals a day and stoking the metabolic fire, even though that's total fucking bullshit. The ruining their lives, this many meals of the day, and it's not sustainable and then up burning out. You don't need to eat 17 fucking times a day, anything between three and six times a day is totally great. On the other hand, don't you worry. I did not forget you people, I said it. Intermittent fasters. But intermittent fasting is a totally fine way to die it. It's just one of the many effective strategies to present a colorux deficit and if it works for you, amazing. The overhyping is the part where they're like, anything more than one meal per day is like evolutionarily not optimal and it doesn't promote autophagy. Yeah, yeah, that word makes me sound smart. I have this new phygia, rogan up so I sort of know with that word maybe means. And they'll just talk everyone that effucking within a mile of ear shot they will tell about how intermittent fasting's amazing, one meal a day or two meals a day and they'll tell you about their fucking plan. Nobody ever asked you mother fucker like, would I like do 16 to it shut the fuck up? Well, fuck again out of my face. Eat your meals. If it's a few meals, that's okay. If it's many meals, that's okay. meal frequency is just not important to your results in most cases, especially at the extremes. It choose whatever is sustainable for you and you're fucking golden. You don't have to try to convert everyone to eating 18 times a day, you're eating once every other day. And it's by the way, you guys know, I was just called the siren from the myths or like the Greek myth to siren is like a female that makes them kind of wailing sounds, the driver's sailors in stain and then they crash their ships or something like that. The scientists research this recently and they actually found out that almost all the sirens in the Greek islands in their Mediterranean turned out to just be really intense intermittent fasting advocates. And the sailors just went nuts. Eat one meal a day, auto-faggy, this thing. I was like, oh, fuck! I guess they didn't have 9 millimeters back then. But if they did, you could shoot yourself faster. Honestly, if you had a sniper rifle, you could be like, what do you want to be a day, huh? And that shit. Am I saying that we should be sniper rifling creatures from 2,500 years ago that are sirens that are talking about one meal a day as being the best? Yes, I am. Yes, I am, and I'm going to be on record for that shit. In any case, eat your fucking meals, don't worry too much. Because here's the thing, a lot of people get so invested into one of these two strategies. They don't even see that they could have things differently. Like I've had people be like, hey man, I can't diet on vacation. Okay, I understand it's family friends fun. They can't, I don't know. I need to eat my six meals a day, and I'm vacation only able to eat four, so what's even the point? What the fuck? You'll be just fine. No, no, no, no, no, no. I need to stoichi metabolic fire. I need to cut some protein feedings, otherwise, an absolute bullshit. And you know, other people that, you know, they'll be on a good diet, things will be working, and they'll come to you as your coach, and they'll say, hey, listen, it's guy at work says, if I'm eating more than one meal a day, I'm just like a really rocky metabolism and it's bad for longevity also to start. Get the fuck out of my face. That's a whole bunch of bullshit. 7th mistake. This is a crazy one. This is one I wouldn't know it was a mistake, unless we had tons of clients at RP, we actually have our huge client forum on Facebook. It's over a thousand of our past and current clients. It's called the RP clients group. You may be able to actually get in there, and just submit your invitation. And a lot of people there ask in questions for the first time in their diet in career. And this question kept coming up so much. We put it in our how-to diet documents when you get an RP diet. It's actually, if you download the RP diet coach app, it's in the FAQ and here it is. We tell you when you begin a diet that is totally okay for you to continue to do the following things. Chugam have any amount of caffeine that you deem is appropriate, and have any amount of diet so that you deem is appropriate. People seem to always think that you have to cut out gum. That's right, gum chewing, caffeine, and diet soda. And a couple of other things, they're condiments sometimes like mustard and shit like that, they get all crazy about. Totally understandable. Why? Because a lot of people who are starting fat loss diets are doing fat loss diets, here are a bunch of share from other people that are doing fat loss diets, and a bunch of people are carrying this mythology that diets and clients are the same thing. But if you want to fucking now, stay cleanser, fucking body, whatever year, and to Hollywood do too many drugs, sure. You can cut out gum caffeine diet soda in the rest of your life for a few weeks and then cut out the other end cleans. You can't actually do that because cleanser also fucking bullshit don't do anything. Why do people think that cutting out gum caffeine and diet soda are diet enhancers? Because they're looking at it from a more realistic sense, instead of a physiological sense. So more realistic perspective is a diet is a cleansing time. Normally I do the things I like. Now I get into the Spartan lifestyle where it's not things I like. And that's true as far as the food goes, but they say, okay, so then for sure I can't have all the other things I like including gum caffeine and diet soda. But gum doesn't have any fucking calories. Caffeine burns fat and keeps your hunger and check. And diet soda, even if it doesn't have caffeine, it's just the harmless drink that is nice and that doesn't affect anything at all. No, you don't have to remove these things from it, and if you keep them in your diet, your diet can be that much more enjoyable and sustainable. So I want anyone to tell you that you can't have these things. And if they're telling you, hey listen, you really shouldn't be having gum in a diet make sure that while they're telling you this, you're taking out strips of gum and putting in your mouth as a child. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. You want some gum? That usually gets people to go away. But then afterwards you're like, ow. Do you guys ever swallow your gum? It's got, is that a good idea to do? You're an expert on gum swallowing. No, it's a good topic. You're a spinger. It can get caught in your sphincter and that's all the medicine I've ever needed to know. Lastly, point no. I couldn't keep it down for that, but that's because I have gum in my sphincter, cough, have it out again. Lastly, and this is a huge problem in many diets, beginner diets, fat loss diets, all kinds of diets, no interest in or understanding of maintenance strategies. The huge thing with fat loss diets is this. The vast majority of people that will ever do a fat loss diet will rebound out of it and gain back almost all or all the way to even more weight than they lost. Predictable, scientifically established for a generation now. In order to prevent us from happening, you need to understand that at the end of a fat loss diet, your body is in a very precarious position. All of the hormones and neural patterns and everything that try to make you regain the weight are maximum, your diet fatigue, put another weight. Is really high in your chance of rebounding is crazy. What you need is a dedicated dieting phase, I know, again, still, it's annoying. Call to maintenance phase, that slowly reintroduces more and more healthy food, then the slowly reintroduces some junk food and does this all while allowing your metabolism and your physical activity to keep up to pace, so that you get down from 280 and then you bump up a little body, water, 180, 5 to 180, and then maintenance phase lasts at least two thirds as long as your fat loss diet did. Maybe, and long, at the end of that process, you only weigh 180 to 185. You've kept almost all of your weight off, except now because you took that maintenance phase without having regained all the weight, your body hits a new settling point and it's thinking, you know, everything's fine here. I'm not starving, Steph. Your hunger goes back, relatively to normal. Your energy levels are super high. You are ready to live life at balance without eating a slice of pizza and blowing up or you're ready to diet again and lose even more fat. That maintenance phase is humongous. It's super important and a lot of people just have a really myopic or really short perspective where they go, okay, I just need to get to here and then I'm good. Fat loss diet and then it's over. Uh-uh, fat loss diet and then maintenance. You have to cap it with a maintenance, okay? It's a stupid analogy for this one. Yeah, if you work in like a germ lab and you're doing research on super fucking infectious diseases, with the fucking hood and all the fucking machines and you're covered in the fucking biohazard suit, you don't just stop working at 5pm and close up the germ vial and then you're gonna see you guys later. You just walk out with your biohazard suit, take it off with just your random hands, wipe your face and your eyes and fuck off. No, you do a really intense protocol that may take some time. You clean the suit, gets cleaned with you in it. Then the suit gets peeled, you get peeled out of it by other people still in hazmat suits and then they clean the fuck out of you and then they test you for infection and then you pass. And then you go, you know that's so stupid but I'm done working for today. Why can't I just fuck off? Because bad things will happen if you do that. You need a protocol to make sure that after you are done with the germ research, you have a phase of time in which you are prepared to go out into the world. Just the same way after a fat loss diet, you gotta be ready for the next thing, including living life and balance, and you can't do that unless you've had a dedicated maintenance phase. You don't have to do a maintenance phase. You can just balloon back up to the old way you used to be like everybody else. Because you don't want to do that. You're gonna heat all these mornings, not make these mistakes. And if you have some of that's making these mistakes, hey, shoot em' a link to this video. And maybe they'll watch it. Two things will happen. One, they'll get educated, not make mistakes. And two, the algorithm will give us more money. And then I can buy yet another Lamborghini. And the collection's getting large. But after a big enough collection, you start to be proud of it. And after my first two or three Lambo, those are good stuff. I sort of lost some wind in my sales. But after the 19th and 20th Lambo, it feels like a really complete stamp collection. Now I just want every Lambo ever made. That's right. See you guys next time.