Boyle Boys isn't needlessly fancy and there's a lot of weird movement that isn't actually hard but looks cool which I think is really like how you train people on Hollywood. Hey, I'm Dr. Mike Isertel. I am the creator of the RP-Hitperturvy app and I'm Professor of Sport and Exercise Science Leeman College in the Bronx and I am going to critique the Batman workout. Comedically, let's get started. Hi, I'm Magnus Ligbach. The founder of the Magnus Method. This is my first time on Greta Thunberg. Look, get me in the face when I tell you this thine, my method is called what's a clever name. Magnus method, that sound fairy, I slandered a good love his valour sweatsuit too. I should have spireship. Let's find out what he knows about training. Wait, hold on. So the suit is a prop. Now, how heavy could it be? They wanted core stability for an action roll. I thought it would just be like get a big arms and big chest in a big back. Oddly utilitarian workout. Okay, let's get started. So we're going to start with a… Sorry. That's not been a conflict. I assume it's a stand-in and also looks profoundly European in the best repossible. So the dumbbell front squat is probably one of the worst possible movements for leg hypertrophy and I can explain why using science. Holding a dumbbell on a front squat position is profoundly uncomfortable as evidenced by the profound discomfort that person is in right now with a dumbbell on their neck. You know, they have barbells for that sort of thing and they go behind your neck and it feels 10 times more comfortable and you can use more weight. He is correct that the core stability comes before the legs, but that is another way of saying that the limiting factor for this exercise is core stability preventing your legs from getting as good of a workout as they can. And you have minimum load on the spine. minimum load on the spine is good. If you want a fucking weak spine, we are in the gym too load the spine so it can become strong. And I'm never saying look, we want maximum load to the legs. While having minimum load to the spine, you have machines for that. It's called leg press. Also a belt squat and actually completely unloads your spine. This doesn't even completely unload your spine. By the way, probably the muscle that's most fatigued in this juncture is the bicep because it's so responsibility is to continue to do this motion so the dumbbell doesn't roll out. Our next exercise is a deadlift. What I love about the deadlift is that it will work your posterior chain and give you boost of both testosterone and idea one. So the deadlift is a great exercise for overall mass building especially in your back and upper back and stuff like that. The thing is for cosmetic effect for Hollywood actors. To remember, I know it's crazy but they don't actually have to be strong. People who can deadlift a ton are often kind of ghosts where they look super strong but then they pick up 600 pounds and you're like how because the spinal rectum muscles are muscles you don't see even, you know, unless you have a really tight t-shirt iron or something like that. So the deadlift doesn't fact boost your testosterone, IGF1. The thing is those are transient hormone increases. They increase really quickly and drop back down. It's a tiny amount. As far as area under the curve for the rest of the day it's essentially meaningless. We can corroborate that is meaningless in at least two ways. One direct literature on if such spikes of hormones actually correlate with growth from training has come out and it says that they don't. And the other problem with that is the real reason those things spike especially the IGF1 and growth hormone that spike around heavy compound movements is because growth hormone is many roles in your body and will them is a fuel liberator. It actually wants to put more fuel into your bloodstream so your working muscles get to use it. Its increase is doing that here and it's not burning fat and it's not building muscle. For growth hormone to do that it needs to be elevated for a long period of time like it is during sleep. But fall asleep while you're deadlifting. You could wake up and pain. Okay, our next thing. I don't know what a drop it is. Curiosity overwhelms me. This is an old kung fu exercise. Oh, it's a kung fu exercise. That makes sense. You know Batman as a martial artist. It's a lateral range. Fort Frost 2. Otherwise known as a kung fu drop set. Wait. Kyaaah! Because I think I was going to be that fast. Oh my, I take all of that back. Did you guys see that swim shit he did? So. Oh. All right. Now as an exercise of sports scientists, I can assure you the swim weird swim part does absolutely nothing to progress your goals. Nor does it teach you kung fu or make you better at fighting. But God damn it looks good. I'm doing it tomorrow at my gym because I need to have this. Must have exercise. So our next exercise is a squat to a kick. It's a great move to work legs and also open the kids flexors and balance. So Hunter's going to drop this. This is getting wacky. I don't know why we're in the gym anymore. Uh, was it to get in shape for a Hollywood role or to learn how to kick a bag? Some combination of both. That's also working your fast trick muscle fibers if you do it. It's close enough. So G was it's not actually working your fast twitch muscle fibers if you're doing it explosively. It is utilizing them. But because they do not meet great resistance, especially on the eccentric, it's not stimulating much hypertrophy in them. Uh, watch this. I'm going to work my fast twitch muscle fibers already. See how fast I did that? I actually has fast twitch muscle fibers. I think there was nothing resisting me really. So I'm not going to get jacked forms. Just catching flies. But I have caught a lot of flies in my day. Hey, hey, hey, hey, what's the amount you look? So our last exercise today is a lateral hollow rock. That sounds like some shit and mane that's haunted. Don't go to lateral, all wrong. Why not? There's ghosts there. This works your entire core. You're not really bending the spine. If you're not bending the spine, you're not working your entire core. Because you see the majority of the backside of your core exclusively exists to help resist spine bending. The front of your core exists mostly to bend in the spine. So in this exercise, we largely contract the core isometrically, which means muscle contraction has occurred, but not a lot of movement happens. And as actually isometric contractions are the least likely to cause muscle growth out of concentric, eccentric, and isometric contraction. So this is a profound, least possible, one of the least possible effective exercises for your abs. But boy oh boy, is it needlessly fancy? And there's a lot of weird movement that isn't actually hard, but looks cool. Which I think is really like how you train people on Hollywood apparently. So you guys just witnessed a typical day from the Batman program that I did with Ben Affick on Justice League. Obviously, there's more days in the program, but this is something you guys could do twice a week. And it's really going to help you with flexibility and leg strength. Not going to help you with flexibility unless you can't do a bodyweight squat, which they really kind of didn't either that. I cut his death. The to be fair, they only really did one movement that pushes your leg strength a lot. And that was the front squat thing with a dumbbell and that could be done with a barbell on your back with hundreds of more pounds. And would be way more effective and also less inconvenient. All right, Scott, the video guy says, I need to rate these workouts and give an overall impression. I would say that the on-range of motion, it was pretty good. I would say on exercise selection, as far as how stimulative the exercises are, how fatigued the exercises are, how efficiently the exercise use of time gets us to our goals. We should be striving for and how closely the exercise actually needs the whole program needs as far as I can tell to objectively targeting the goals we want for superhero Hollywood training. I'd give this one a solid 5 out of 10. I've out of 10. Some things it does really well and everywhere else it's major major gaps. All right, I've been Dr. Mike and I'll see you guys.