So these three things are the massive things I ordered as part of my recovery tools. Coughing is bullshit. Don't ever do coughing. There's a very high probability. It does absolutely nothing physiological that affects your recovery. It is a fad. All of an respect for Tom Stoltman. I do all kinds of stuff in my daily life that's a fad that doesn't work. So nothing personal but this is just all just crocking nonsense. Folks, it's me Dr. Mike. Welcome. This is RP Strength and it's our Friday exercise scientist reviews. Critiques Scott, which one is critiques? Show, which sounds mean but really were quite nice I promise. For the most part, unless you're a charlatan or that to come and feature episodes no doubt to folks. Today's focus of our in-depth super detailed professor of exercise science attention is not a little a mister Tom Stoltman. Man who comes from Scotland has won the world's strongest man three times. That's a lot. I was really impressive and he's about six foot six and about 400 pounds. In the as a curious nickname of I believe the albatross. If you ever see Tom Stoltman real life there's no sense in preparing for it because it's one of the most gigantic human beings you'll ever see. When you see an albatross it's just a giant sea goal that has demon eyes and no feelings in us full of only hate. Yes, he has a very wide wing span like the albatross but I think everything else breaks now. So take out your pistol, shoot the first albatross you see, start growing them mouth, you're on the oven, 321, Tom Stoltman. So let's talk about how I've met for the world's show as my on 2024. All this year was very, very hungry. I've lost the title in 2024 to Mitchell Huper. Hey Mitchell Huper. I don't like him. He looks too Canadian. How the trust a man who's got a who's got a maple leaf for a country. The Canadians are nice aren't they? Who do we know that's Canadian Scott Jack Nippard? Nice. Jeremy F.A. Nice. The guy suited the studio to our Gerald and Patrick. Gerald and Patrick. Canadians are just great. I did a lot more recovery including the oxygen chamber, the osteopaths. I was talking to sports psychologists as well. Well sports psychologists. That's really cool. So oxygen chamber stuff might have some small effects, uh, lureshures on clear. I think in stuff can promote temporary recovery so you can train more intensely but eventually have to stop doing it because it kind of delays the adaptive process or mute it a little bit. The, uh, all that pins in the back stuff is probably almost all placebo effect. There might be something there on some rare occasions, which is probably nothing to it scientifically. It is however the placebo effect this makes you feel nice and it makes you feel more competent at your craft. It's not necessarily a bad thing. This is costly. You know, thousands of thousands of dollars. But the sports psychology thing is new as far as I'm hearing it for most of these athletes. And I think it's really awesome because we kind of two types of sports psychologists. People who didn't know what else to get into the likesports to sort of like psychology, they have absolutely no bearing on athletics whatsoever. They've never been in competitive environments. And they're just kind of like people who give generally nice advice but to athletes and sort of they're not really worthwhile. Unfortunately, some of the profession. But then their sports psychologists are really, really good at their craft. And sports psychology is dope because if you're an athlete, it's trying to compete at the highest levels. There's a crazy mental game. And the mental game is at least has two parts to it. One part is how do you keep your cool in training? So it's not to just get chronic high cortisol release. And so you can promote an awesome environment for you to train and recover in leading up to important competitions. Like when your time is don't, when you're training for the world's strongest man competition, I mean, that amount of pressure must just be baffling. I'm training out here for a local body building show and I'm playing, you know, eating my nails and losing sleep and sending, Scott to video guy, pictures of my genitals out of sharing anxiety. And he hates it, but I think it's fine. You know, this guy's training to be a world- strongest man, a amount of pressure could potentially be insane. So it's sports psychologist who's good at the job can really awesome at letting you have all sorts of ways that you can really cool the pressure down and just do your job and train and enjoy yourself so that you have very low fatigue coming in and you're ultimately prepared. The other way sports psychologist can help and there's a ton of different ways as well, but the other big way that comes to mind to me right now is that the process of actively managing your arousal at the competition so that not only do you have a similar problem not happen, where you don't just like are super, super on edge for two hours and then it's your final time to do your event and you've been on edge for so long you're actually trained of energy, great ways to keep that under wraps. But also if you keep it under wraps too much and there's no quirk to take off of it to really blow the energy out and really do your event well, then you can't get aroused not in that way folks. I mean maybe in that way because you really need your blood to your muscles high and strong man in any case aroused in the way of like getting up for really, really doing something impressive and sport. If you can't do that because you're so chill you won't have your best performance. And so there's a management issue there that's quite complex that a sports psychologist can really help you with and that's establishing that cool calm collective mindset until you need a really perform uncorking in the most predictable way to get you excellent excellent result and then corking back down, chilling until you're next to Tempter, or the next event, or until it's time to drink champagne and pour all of our strippers and whatever people do after they won't roll strong this man. That was always fun. It's a four or five day event. You need to be able to pop that long Jevie. It's a big deal man. World strongest man is brutal. It is a four or five day event. You got sometimes you have multiple events per day oftentimes and if you can survive that and catch the smallest amount realistically a fatigue all the way through, you have a chance of doing really well. If you get broken down, super sore, hurt, really highly fatigue, you're unable to sleep well, you're unable to be hydrated and eat well, especially from psychological pressure. You're going to have our time. I think with this sports psychologist as well, really helped me get a mindset that I was then starting to play a few mind games with a lot of athletes do it. They come up and talk to you for when you're trying to do stuff and they just try and talk to your wife and talk to your support group around you just to try and get in your head. Never, ever talked to me wife. I'll cut you. Yeah, you're f***ing you f***ing, I don't get anything out of that time. You know what, man? Mind games in competitive collaborative sport are just lame as hell and I guess if everyone's in like let's do mind games, cool but let's just why don't we just vibly each other and then go out there and show the world how strong we are. I don't, I don't, you know what I'm saying? I don't watch you two videos to see my games, damn it. I watch you two videos to see you guys lift rocks. Now pick up that rock, brother. Woo! What, I got American first Australian Scott. You ever feel just really American and you have to like every day every day. 25, 8, 20, extra days an hour. My man. And if you're a P&G guy, I'm like, oh is that's actually impossible because in the countries if you're up around 124 hours and seven days a week, it's technically five because we don't work two days a week and I don't mean the weekend. That means the regular week. And you're like, hey, you're a P&G guy, that's because you don't have American days, brother. Woo! Max hit it. Folks, there is still more video to come but there's a members area we could get not only extended versions of all of these Friday shows but you can also get tons of brainy content, tons of training logs and we make updates every single week. Members area get into it. It's a little bit of money. It gives a huge value. I think back to the video. It was a massive, massive help and need becoming the world's strongest month. Today we are squatting big, massive squats. That's one of their improvements. He didn't say, did he say sets? Big, massive squats. Okay, I'm just heard something. And also I'm going to try flat issues again. I used to squat and flat issues and I used to a few much more comfortable. I don't know why I changed the part of it. I think she's going to start again with flat issues. It really is a personal thing. A lot of people love a healed weightlifting shoe to squat in but it does make you use more of your quads as a limiting factor. It keeps you more upright. If you're stronger like that, totally dope. If you feel better in very stable flats, then very stable flats are better for you. So I would say try both and figure out which one is best for you for hypertrophy of the quads. He'll choose her undefeated. There's just a correct answer for powerlifting for strongman sport. It really does depend on the individual. Let's see if I make any improvements or not as well and just take my time warming up and just enjoy squatting. Enjoy it. Don't say I hate them. Enjoy it. That's good, man. You got to have some buy-in. You guys feel like he's got, he's trying to convince himself. Yeah, he did. When you're six, six squatting is like a lot of work physically and the literal physics definition of force times distance. And when you're squatting, you know, 500 pounds plus for reps, being that tall, it's, uh, it's a lot of squatting to do. Cool thing is, as you'll have huge and insanely strong legs if you can do four inch motion squats at that height, the sort of not great news is like, yeah, you're in for some work. Who is deep too? Good God. Yeah, why use a belt if you could just beltless squat over 500 pounds. However, wow. No-one near failure in the samely smooth movement the whole way through. Super impressive. Wasn't the prettiest, but, hey, Phil. Nice and no go. Yeah, and I still do some energy, which is good. So, what I'm about to jump is what then jumps. I'm done already. Ha, I wonder what the purpose of those are. Typically, we need jumps. You want them to be relatively maximum, or maximal in nature, which means you're trying to jump roughly as high as you can. Sure, it doesn't look like he's doing that here. Maybe some kind of recovery technique I'm not quite sure about this, it's curious. I mean, with my luck, I would jump out of bench and I think would slip and I would die, but at least he's not doing that. We want his defleur deadless. Recessive five. Three sets of five. How cheese? That would cook almost everyone. I wonder if he means top sets and worksets, or if he means including warmups. What a trip. 120 kilos, I assume he's just forming up. Scott, look at our ridiculously small, that completely standard Olympic barbell looks in his hands. The jet, if I saw this, I didn't know how big he was, I was like, whoa, he's got like a little mini barbell. Nope, that's a real barbell. I like the bit, bit, bit, bit how. Also, he's the size of a power rack. Holy crap. Whoa, that's really good technique. Folks, if you're doing a stiff leg of deadlifts at home, I have two things to tell you. One is if you try Versa grips with them, you're going to be able to hang onto the bar in such a profoundly effective way that you can now focus on your positioning for your chest, for your tummy, for your glutes, for your knees such that you maximally stretch out the hamstrings, get the most benefit without having to worry about your grip. They're super easy to put on, super easy to take off. They're pretty much better than straps and almost every measure. Versa grips are amazing. We have a discount code for them, and that's all going to be displayed somewhere, and there's probably link in the description. We can go get RP branded Versa grips, which are just great and fire. The second thing I have to tell you is, why are you doing them at home? Your neighbors below can probably hear you and are really, really pissed. So go to the gym. Also, if you go to the gym, there are people there. Some of them might consider having the sex with you if you say the right things. And I'll go go. Try it out. First exercise is a strict press. Two steps of free. Then we have some close good stuff in climbing and all that kind of stuff. Cool, a push day. 130 kilos, which is two hundred and 86 pounds. Whatever, just playing around with that weight, why not? Good God. Woo 170 push press. This is real and saying this is like 375 ish or something. Yeah, wow. How is it going? Oh, Scott, can you believe it got that? It's brutal. Yeah. There's a lot of adjustment with body position that if you get the bar a little bit more behind you, it actually becomes significantly easier because the lever arm shortens a ton. He really succeeded. There's a huge test of athleticism too. Dude, Scott, like 170k, like that, many 45s are shown on the bar. That's like someone benching that in the gym, it's like really impressive in a regular gym. Someone just pushing it overhead is like, squatting or dead, but taking that in a regular gym. Yes. Yes. Yeah, this is wild. Question, should you push press for dealt games? Delt games in a front dealt, especially lead a bit the side. Plenty of trap actually is really good for the strict overhead press. There's a lot of axial fatigue, your whole body is compressed and so it's quite fatiguing a lot of the other muscles contract. It's probably better to do this preceded if you're trying to get jacked. You can do them standing. It's a real good man had Viking energy. The push press allows you to accelerate with your legs and then lock out. By themselves, I wouldn't do them for hypertrophy because you're basically like using more of the rest of your body and just as much dealt as before. You get really no added benefit to the delts, but you get a lot more fatigue from using the whole body. However, something you can try is after your set of strict presses, pretty close to failure or too failure. You can use a few push presses to finish the job and really kind of post-exhaust the front delts and the triceps. So that's something to consider if you can manage the fatigue well. If this is an exercise that beats you up and you're like, do you don't get in way too beat up? Remember, this is a predictable thing, so not your not surprised. This is very good for transitioning to overhead and stuff as well. Go do a good straight. Oh, if we set it 12, so this will be my last so we're on up 100k. 3 sets of 12, 264 pounds really cool. Yeah, this is like a closer grip, but we've been out for him because you can see his forms are significantly inside his elbows. This is a closer grip variation. Really good for building more of the musculature, upper chest, front delts and triceps that helps with the overhead press, but isn't nearly as fatiguing so you can just get more work in. There's three by 12 in the overhead press, but cook the rest of your body lower back, even the abdominal wall of ton. This is way less fatigue. Great stimulus, awesome, awesome accessory move for strength athletics and a great move for high-perch refused well. I love the 80s synth vibes, huh? It's almost like you just won the wrestling competition at states and you're driving down, let's see, South Beach Miami to pick up your soon-to-be girlfriend to ride into a permanent sunset with sunglasses on. What am I missing from the 80s? It's got the RP high-perch of the app comes with dozens of pre-made programs from two days of training per week all the way up to six days of training, with specialized programs included for shoulders, arms, chest, back, legs, abs, and glutes. Each one with male and female options, you get them all and can use them as often as you like, even building off of them to make your own customized version for only about a dollar a day. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Look how to say that was hellish, un pumped. Last week I did have your close grip, I'm gonna alternate it week because doing a close grip bench press every single week, absolutely rums, you know what I mean? Scott you have been the rammed before? I have not. My real Scott is lad. Again, I know that accent is pseudo-irish, but really, flex Lewis if you're listening to this. It's fucking Welsh isn't it? Isn't it? Brother, flex, please don't kill me. Here's the deal folks. This is actually very good strategy. A lot of times any kind of variation is better than a totally identical training style week to This is sometimes it's really good to have some higher reps in one week and even the same exercise, lower ups and another. The kinds of stresses are a little bit different. You get more metabolic stress, more muscle soreness from the higher reps, but you get more joint and connective tissue disruption, tendons, ligaments, and the fascia of your muscles from the lower ups and heavier weight. And so if you keep on the lower ups every way, more likely to get hurt after a few weeks. Not by ton, but by enough. If you high reps all the time, you never quite get as strong as you're supposed to be. And if you do lower ups all the time, you can't really add a whole lot of muscle size. So if you alternate high and low reps week on week or within a week, Monday Thursday, for example, if you're training for some combination of size and strength, this can be a ton of strategy, especially in the off season. What better way than to get some recovery and the most beautiful shape in you can imagine. This is a tropical paradise. This Scottish tropical paradise of frozen ice wasteland. So that is Luke Stoltman. Yes. Yes, this is brother. Me brother. And he's also a pro-strong man, also in Krabla athlete, and also in Norris. That's one hell of a stock, dude. Mom did some work in those deliveries. Hi. My god. Those are real Scottish male tiles. I want to say, we're not any fanys around here, any philosophies, any fairies. I guarantee you one of those was a Scottish phrase that people say. But with snow, sometimes I like to talk a lot when I don't do something. Oh, Scott, you in. Absolutely not. This could be, this could be us, but you play way too much. This is my, like, will be the favorite thing of all time. Come on, Daddy. You plan. There are big boys, anything? Damn. This sucks. Um, yeah, I'm Russian. This is like a Russia thing, also. Will it provide you with recovery? Yes. Will it enhance the speed of your adaptations? No. Is it cool for manhood vibes and Viking energy? Absolutely. Probably the number one thing it's good for. I'd rather like lower myself into like an Indianadune style pit of snakes than lower my. Like when you know the poison has a hermetica effect that actually makes you stronger. All right. Which is doing a bit too much and then you die. Okay. Yeah, if you put the snakes in there, that's it, man, cold blooded bro. That's next done. It's not coming out refreshed. It's coming out. Ready to eat. The base way to dry off. If you don't have a towel, this is what they do in the area. It's just walking around. Oh, my God. We roll on the snow. That's how we dry off. Oh, God. Scott. Scott, we got this outside right now. We got to pawn right outside. Maybe I get that whole going. You and me, let's get in a hole together. Let's put you in a hole. Absolutely not. Do you think he just like, oh, shit. I have snow on me. Let me dip back into the water to get it off. I don't only do it with you. It was like a guarantee like five million views. Five million view video. I make Scott the video guy take a polar plunge. Hey, I might do numbers. It gets 500 k views and you start to just wind down onto a depressive episode. Do not comment. Do not thumbs up this idea. Do not request it. Do not bring it up in the comments. Do it. Do it. Promise us five million views and Scott will eat his shoe. All right. That was very Scottish. Was it? I thought I was going to do some more voices. I was going to do some Arnold and I was going to do some forest gum trying to weed forest gummen, but this didn't happen. Maybe next time for the time being top stoltman as a legend and enormous and is a literal albatross. The giant freaky demonic bird out of ten considered that an official ranking and unless it's top stoltman we have mega respect form we love. If you ever actually see a real albatross in the wild. Don't let it go kill it so that we don't have any more of these damn terrible demon birds eating the poor fish out of our oceans. No more albatrosses. Elbatrossi. Scott Seagulls the same thing. We hate him too. Yeah. Evil. What is exactly the purpose of a Seagull other than to eat your picnic at the beach? I submitted has no evolutionary purpose whatsoever. They're terrible too. Tom Stoltman's the man. I've said enough. Possibly too much. I've been Dr. Mike. I'll see you next time. Alright. It was really cool. They're a giant boys. I think. Kind of accident is that? Who knows? Look at this. It'll be more fun I promise.