Go and do the challenging things that actually get you to your goal. Not just random challenging shit. Half of these workout videos just random nonsense that's hard. Hey, I'm Dr. Mike Isrertel for Renaissance Pyrrdisation and I'm the creator of the RPI Purchave App. I'm a professor of exercise and sports science. Leave me in college on the Bronx. And I'll be looking at a workout video today of Mr. Henry Caval. I think it's Caval, that's how I say it and he's training for the Witcher. Let's put some sports science criticism in and by the way, it's all jokes and all banter. No offense meant. Let's get it started. By the way, I've seen every single episode of the Witcher. My wife and I loved it. Hi, everyone. I'm Henry Caval and I play the surprise. You know, I wake up every day and I tell myself I'm the straightest man that's ever been born. And it's all f***ed lies. Henry Caval, my god. My god, man. I don't even know what my name is. Swoon. In the United States, it's programmed. In the North, it kingdom. It's regime. I word. How fancy this is. My train of Dave Reenzy. Dave looks like he trains, bro. Maybe this will finally be good. And really with all this, not working is doing the key foundation movement. We're going to incorporate as a Romanian. That guy's not British with the f***er's going on. He's doing a four second negative with this. And then a two second pause at the bottom. Oh far, I like it. Checking all the boxes. No key here is just maximizing time under tension. So he's able to fatigue the muscles more, but not overstresses nervous system. And it's a dream. What they're talking about is the level of systemic fatigue and exercise and poses. And the stiff-legged aka Romanian dead lifting thing. It's one of the most fatigue exercises you can do. If you really wanted to train the glutes and ham, there's a bunch of exercises like leg curls and lunges. You could do to get just as much hypertrophic effect, muscle growth. And not nearly as much fatigue. So curious, but as an aside, me being really panicked. I have not utilized a hip circle above his knees. So basically with incorporating that, he's activating his glute medius and really keeping the glutes activated and fired the whole time. That's cool. Mind you, if you're doing it with a stiff knee, you end up mostly train the hamstrings just a little bit the glutes. But whatever, good stuff. Keep your core tight, thanks man's health. So the next exercise we're utilizing here is the hyper extension. Two back to back hamstring exercises. And both of them hip hinge eccentric heavy, summer down and see. Me being pedantic has technique actually looks very good. When it comes to the posterior chain and the kind of stunts I have to do, anything which is based upon one leg movement where a knee can have a bad injury. If you don't have that big video, it's engaged or that posterior chain, this stuff is what saves me. This exercise is good for making you generally strong and will reduce your general injury risk if you are a stunt person. The logic there specifically wasn't that great. But gee was so far we've done a few of these the best video in a while that I've seen for a celebrity training. Pauzing at the top for two seconds is cool. Unfortunately, it's the least muscle growth prone position of the entire movement. So you're wasting a lot of energy. It can help you get a better mind muscle connection with your goods. But again, this is mostly hamstring exercise anyways. I digress. Who will bleakest time? Muscle you almost certainly never need to train. With this, especially this helps with one endurance when I have to do a fight scene over and over and over again with a sword. If I'm using the real sword real weighted sword, it's very heavy and requires lots of endurance to do. If you really wanted to train for endurance with a sword, you would instead use something that has gravitational weight, which means a dumbbell that you can grip like this. And then you can do lots of movements like this. To build up endurance, you can hold it out for a while. That's really good. You can hold it at multiple different positions. That's really good. And you can actually do dynamic work with a progressively heavier dumbbell or for longer periods of time. And then eventually, that makes you really good at lifting the sword. Using a cable machine with this baffles, the fucking imagination. Man's health says, keep your hands directly in front of the middle of your chest. Uh, good for what? I don't know. This movement can be made in every way better by making a dynamic stepping forward. And then rocking back from here all the way to the end and slow and controlled with lots of weight for sets of 10 to 20 reps. You will get bigger all sorts of core muscles and your ability to swing a sword will improve. By you swinging weight around instead of just fucking standing there. It's really did start off. Good. So far, that's so great. For more challenge, do this in a kneeling stance. Why would it be more challenging? Because you physically can't use your feet to grip on the floor, making you weaker in the exercise without actually challenging you? Yes. Guys, listen. Ah, do not go to the gym to get a challenge. You can challenge yourself anywhere. Do your taxes. That's hard. Challenges should have a purpose. You want to challenge to make you more mobile. You want to challenge to make you stronger. You want to challenge to make you grow more muscle. Figure out how you want to challenge yourself and go and do the challenging things that actually get you to your goal. Not just random challenging shit. Half of these can work out videos. Just random nonsense. It's hard. Shoulders. Finally. They relevant muscle group. Here is a variation of side laterals and front raises. Each repetition is actually three repetitions. He's starting out in a traditional side lateral for the first rep. Then he's coming a little further for the floor for the next one. Everyone gets fancy all the time. Why don't they use Hollywood trainers just to fucking base exercise. It works better than everything. It's a fine exercise. Needlessly complex. I would like a lift or to focus on one or two movements at a time. Probably just one. And when finished with one movement, go on to the next. And there's a reason for that. That way you can really groove in on doing an excellent job on two fronts. Technique and effort. But if you have to do things that are really complicated, you spend more mental bandwidth thinking about what my next step is. Not as much mental bandwidth on how good my technique is and how hard I'm working. Which is really the whole point of being in the gym. This really helps with the sword fighting aspect. A sword is typically very, very heavy. It's very true what Henry saying. You want absolutely the strongest side delts in front delts you can have with sword fighting and rear delts too. The best way to do that would be simple exercises like lateral raises and G even overhead presses upright rows. But this is fancy, little too fancy. This exercise we're performing here is going to be a dumbbell curl alternating from a static hole. Yeah, for the sword work in particular, again, it's what this really helps with is my forearms. Folks, static holes are gigantic. Waste of your time unless you're trying to get good at static holes. Try to build muscle for a Hollywood roll. You're much better off doing dynamic movements. Probably with both arms at the same time. You can even alternate them, but the static hole is just a good way to waste energy. If you want to get really good at static holding something heavy, so you used to holding a sword, it's probably good to just do that by yourself with a heavy dumbbell and take reps at a time of 20 seconds or 30 until you put it down weight. Another 20 seconds pick it up and do it. That would be better than poisoning a perfectly effective bicep exercise by putting static holes into it. If you have a particularly powerful horse, whether it be a stallion or anything else, Henry Cavalaut of Horse, I go romance novel in real life. Good advice for men's health. Pinkies up, try to fight their shrock at the waist, really backwards very good. Alright, everyone. Well, that's it. And what we've shown you. I give this a seven out of ten. The detraction points are from the needless complexity. And sometimes just downright poor exercise choice with the whole static holds situation. But the way that they did the glute ham raise, the Romanian deadlift, the curls were okay minus the static hold, the lateral raises were fine, minus the complexity. Indicates to me that there's something going on that's effective and that's very good. That's the first thing. The second thing is... Man, Henry Cavalaut really did explain that everyone is their own person and needs train on their own time and have their own goals and I compared to others, which I think is really great. And again, it tells me only one thing. Henry Cavalaut is my dream, man. I've been Dr. Mike and I'll see you guys next time. Thank you.