I know it's full protein and creating. I'm feeling better throw up. I'll be on the show. I like how he transitioned right from Diary by the decision to be like, I have to throw up. Almost every strong man is going to find their best performance to be in a bodyweight that is heavier than what they're naturally inclined to just eat and train at. Almost every strong man is going to have to stuff themselves a little bit in their eating to get that bodyweight towards most of the world. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I'm a former professor of sport and exercise science and nutrition and a bunch of other stuff. And on myself, if one's been a beefy 270, that pounds in the way I got there was by force feeding myself, which is what a lot of people much bigger than the stronger than we do. There are strong men. There's a strongest man in the world, literally, and they also compete in a variety of contests like the Arnold Strongman Championships and the world strongest man competition. Scott have all of them won the world strongest man. Oh, yes. Yeah, yeah. They're going to be eating and talking about their diets. And I'm going to see if I can get a nutritional lens and talk about, well, how does this apply to folks that are gigantic and folks that are more normal size? And I also see if I can't do a little bent as they say in England. And if I get all of your accents, wrong people of the world, I am both sorry and not sorry at the same time. Three, two, one, let's eat. I'm a strong man. Of course, I need help to breathe. Alright, we're all strongest man, full day of eating. And there's a person with a seatpap, a machine that helps you sleep. The throat gets closed off, very gigantic muscular neck. That's really a thing, by the way. And we're going to see, see, I got like this, this is real life. Like, there's not, he doesn't just magically wake up with bright eyes in a bend. He's choking to death. That's how serious it is. Hey, it's Mitchell Hooper, friend of the channel, and we'll strongest man champion. Does he have a maple leaf tattoo on his hand on his arm? Yeah, sure does. Well, we'll sorry, hope. Yeah, like in any impression, just slides closer and closer to Jordan Peterson, alonger I do it. Well, it's like if you don't like the maple leaf and you don't like, can I mean what do you like? We've got snow, we've got politeness, we've got great people. What else do you want? How about you really just, you just spoiled is what it is. That's coming along pretty well, Huscott. Yeah, sounds just like a mhm. So breakfast, playing Greek yogurt and orange juice mixed in. That's disgusting, Mitch. Um, is that sugar your food? Oh boy. The 1500 calories makes sense. Not crazy by strong man standards. That's most people's most of their day of eating. Quite impressive, lot of food. Uh, it's as much playing Greek yogurt as I can get diluted in the orange juice. So that's made about one cup of orange juice and probably about half a cup of plain Greek yogurt. I aim to eat one of those tubs every day. Really good for your gut health. Really good macronutrients. Get your protein in. Greek yogurt is great for your gut health. It's got phenomenal protein composition. It's actually super healthy for you in about 50 different ways. Greek yogurt and actually almost all dairy products are, especially minimally processed ones are really, really awesome for you. I encourage you have a lot of dairy. Then raise and bread with margin because I love raising bread. That's a fine sport science reason. But honestly, it's a thing. If it doesn't violate any nutritional principles, which this doesn't. To be a good strong man, you have to be able to stay at your body weight. And that body weight is usually preposterously high. And so you have to combine what you need to eat with what you like to eat so that you don't just start eating your food because it's disgusting. And then you can't be a strong man competitive anymore because you're too lean and too tiny. And you're with the rest of our skinny folks in bodybuilding. So yeah, strong man eats some fun foods. Most of just to get it to go down. That's a thing. Some protein balls, which have some white chocolate chips, chia seeds, oats, protein powder in them. A lot of fat in those, which buffers the calories that helps. I've got Reese's peanut butter, Reese's puffs. Reese's puffs cereal with protein shake dumped over top. Alright, so 10 minute walks after every meal. This is implemented by Stan Efforty. Now, a lot of what you'll find today is logistics around eating enough food. But for me, eating enough food that actually goes to something useful. So when you walk, just light muskier contraction is going to soak up glucose from your blood. So any carbs that you've just eaten for breakfast is now going to go into your muscle storage glycogen. Maybe. The problem is, especially when you've eaten 1500 calories, your muscles begin to contract a little bit. And they do get higher glucose uptake because of that. But the most of the carbohydrates in that food are going to take hours and hours to get to the muscles. And a 10 minute walk right after you eat is just a little bit of a drop in the bucket in that regard. Also, because it's really just lower body and also a very small fraction of your total muscular or any of your lower body. Because Mitchell Hooper doesn't have to turn on most of his muscle to walk. So matter of fact, it might be some teeny fraction like 10 or 15 percent of his muscles actually active. The rest of the muscle cells are dormant because if you use them all, he'd be hopping maximally every time. They're not doing that. And so actually walking activates not so much muscle mass walking for 10 minutes doesn't create a very big glucose sink or response for your muscles to take up the carbohydrates. So is it a fun practice that gets you moving around a bit, get you a few more steps and prove you're metabolic health by a little bit? Almost certainly. And it's it's a cool practice. Do you have to feel compelled to walk for 10 minutes after every meal? Because it's going to somehow super boost your ability to absorb carbohydrates almost certainly not almost certainly not. And it does take some time and it takes you away from whatever you're doing in the day. It's a context switch sometimes. You know, if you put in enough tiny old tasks in your day, you can hardly get to the big stuff. So the 10 minute walking after meal stuff has some validity, but I think a lot of folks think it just has way more validity than it does. But let's go over the breakdown total calories 6,272. The macro breakdown is pretty interesting to me protein of 440 grams. I don't need that much personally. I only need around 300 to 320 grams. Accurate very good. Just around bodyweight. Maybe a little bit more in Mitchell's case. Maybe a little bit less. His body fats pretty reasonable. So 440 grams is extra. It's not like it's bad for you at that point, but could he potentially have more carbohydrate be full or like a gen. Maybe, maybe, but with as much food as he's eating, he's probably not lacking much of anything at all. One gram per pound of bodyweight is a good place to start, but since carbohydrates are protein sparing, when you're not in a calorie deficit, you don't need to have protein in that high. So 300 grams is probably what I should aim for. It's kind of really cool for Mitchell to go through his diet and be like, yeah, this doesn't all make sense optimally. I think a lot of people will discover what they're eating and try to rationalize it. You know, like, well, I do need this much protein. Like, no, you don't, he's like, yeah, I don't actually need this much and maybe I should make a change. Yeah, that's really cool. That's really cool. Just got to 7. Yeah, I'm full bacon. Full bacon. I can't get enough of Eddie Hall's accent. Anything you says is magical. Also Scott, you see that VIP Pimp Robe he has on? Oh, yeah. That's nice. He's awake, but he's not like out of bed yet. You feel me. He's out of bed, but he's not emotionally out of bed. I like to be just like an intermediary stage between us. Yes. I'm not a longer naked, but I'm not clothed quite yet. That's awesome. 2000 calorie breakfast. And it looks like an English breakfast too, classic. Full sausage, 2 black pudding beans, 2 glasses, 2 eggs. Black pudding Scott, that's what makes the world go around. Isn't it made of light? Blood or some shit like that? It's interesting to see him start off with essentially an the exact English breakfast according to stereotype, including beans and black pudding in the whole thing. You know what's funny is most people who eat this exact size of British English breakfast are not interested in weighing 420 pounds and winning the world's strongest man title. But I guess a lot of them are on their way to weighing 420 pounds and that'll explain a lot. And 4 pieces of fried bread. All cooked in butter. Butter, Scott, what's butter? Sounds delicious. It sounds really delicious. This does not health food. Sausage and butter and all that stuff. For maximum health, I would say it's probably good to have cooking and something like, I don't know, canola, lava, cotta oil, olive oil, healthy fats, not butter. And less sausage and more lean meats. But, you know, Eddie Hall was at this time in his life admittedly training for a well-trunged man and a strongman in general. And health came out of trade off of getting in high enough calories to be as massive as possible so total respect. And what put it is actually a super food. I have, you know, it's full of the Vipment P. It's inside the indolive. Vipment? One of the excellent Englishisms is calling them vitamins. Chris Williams and does that all the time. He says, vitamin, Scott. But we say vitamins in the these United States. I wonder how it got to be that way, you know? Abraham Lincoln sounds like someone good to play for that. Vitamin is way better. Yeah, and we're probably got all the vitamins in it. Black pudding. Scott, can we just get quick Google here, quick jet-chipy-t, black pudding is made of congealed blood? Yes. I thought it was, but what's confirmed? What sausage? It made with animal blood. A work fat and a filler like oatmeal work barley. Oh, yeah, that's real medieval England diet. Look, I, blood is very nutritious. Very nutritious. It's a British cuisine since at least the 1400s. Yeah, there you go. That was a British man's eating back then. Gross. And X. Go. Oh, my God. Is that part of his food? That's one of my careless cats. My EARL. It looks like a, Scott doesn't it look like a piece of chicken you overcooked in that cat? Do you have not a fan of them? No, no. Yeah, cats don't have souls anyways. Yeah. Folks, there is still more video to come and more amazing food. If you want to eat knowledge, digitally through your eyes, you have a member section with tons of other amazing nerdy content, and an extra bonus part of this video where I send to many swear words when it kept going on regular YouTube. Give us a membership a look. Let's get back to the video. Here we go. All right, roast beef in the gym. I don't 100 grams. I think I did it 100, I don't 150 grams of sliced meat. Or even I know the sound is trusting, but I did raw steak like philic steak. Basically the theory was that red meat got like a fluid in it that like fuels your muscles really quickly. I know it's full protein. Yeah. That hypothesis is in the bottom of the discipline that doesn't work. I'll say that lunch meat is totally okay to eat an occasion. We're regularly eating a lot of lunch meat, pre-sliced meat, preserved meat. It's generally not good for your health because the preservation process ends up getting some stuff into the meat that's not terrible for you, but over the long term isn't ideal. So can you eat it? Yeah, absolutely. And macros and calories and having the rest of your food be healthy matters way more than how much lunch meat you eat. If you can help it having meat that is not pre-prepared and pre-preserved is probably best practice. I don't mean it. I'm creating a philic in the throw up. I'll be honest. I like how you transition right from diet by the traditional way out of throw up. Guys, strong anti-hitting is really hard. You have to do two things at the same time. Train with mega intensity and effort and also stuff yourself. Like, one of those generally has to go for most people. But for strong men, they got to do the entire thing. A roodle, really, really brutal. A lot of people have passed it. A lot of people are men's meat. All right, he's about 3,000 calories. And then a full dollar can. And the cat has made it every turn for change. Oh my god, he still put down some cheesecake. Scott, he ate 1,500 calories of cheesecake. My man. After everything, this is the end of the day. Holy crap, almost 16,000 calories. That is unreal. 430 pounds. That's the kind of shit that happened. It's definitely not the Mark Bell, no carb diet at all. I'm just eating to be the strongest human being on the planet. So some of the stuff you might be a little surprised by, but I have a dietation that I work with. He shoots me over the diet. I don't ask questions. I just eat most of the time. I get a smile at some of the stuff that I get to eat. That's a great athlete. An amazing athlete will often just do what the coach says. And that means the athlete can understand it. And then execute it. And that's priceless because you have a very fluid machine. They're working with all the coaches. The athlete doing what they're supposed to be doing. And what Brian's going to say, because I've actually seen this specific thing before, is like, there are some kind of fun foods or some kind of high calorie foods. And people think, well, shouldn't you be eating like a bodybuilder? Like, you know, like, to lock the unbrown rice. And the reality is like, straw manners are so much bigger than bodybuilders. And they burn so many more daily calories. They're training as totally insane and just being 400 pounds walking around is insane. They just need higher calorie density foods to get in enough food. If you put Brian Shaw on an as much as he can possibly stuff himself with, totally clean bodybuilding diet. He would get down to below 350 pounds in just a few months. Because it's not enough to keep him as big as he's supposed to be, to be winning or all strong as me. Meal number one is kind of my choice of cereal. So I think today I'm going to go with cinnamon toast crunch. I like that a lot. Scott, cinnamon toast crunch is too sweet for me. What do you think about that? It's the goat cereal. You think it's goated? I do. You think it's like made in a goat farm and like Azerbaijan? Dude, you want it sweet. You just got to put in some fair life chocolate milk. Oh, that's my, that's a bit much. That's massive. Oh, my God, during bulking that sweet food is awful. Do you have a two sweet points, Scott? Are you like, full on whatever. Sure. Really, um, really rich. Like, like, fudgey dessert, like, a fudge. Like, shit, like that. That's really like that. Yeah. Yeah. Like, Mac and Island fudge. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you're like a bite. You're not. We might have covered this already in the channel, Scott. But do you know that poor some sugar on me, the sugar on the song is not actually sugar. It's female ejaculate. Yes. Okay. All right. I'll just check it in. Um, and then I have eight eggs and then peanut butter. It's a good start. And it's start at 68 protein 74 carbs. 68 fat. It's a lot of fat. And just have to have a higher fat diet when you're a strong man. In order to get the calories in, you know, don't, the calories don't work out so well. And then you're shrinking and nothing good is happening. I'll say this guys. Almost every strong man is going to find their best performance to be in a body weight that is heavier than what they're naturally inclined to just eat and train at. It's almost every strong man is going to have to stuff themselves a little bit in their eating to get that body weight to where it's supposed to be, which means being a strong man is part training and all that fun stuff. But it's also part eating and that eating is kind of a little bit of a job. It doesn't mean it's going to feel good all the time, but it means I'm stones don't pick up themselves and your boys eat and bam, your most impressive physique ever. And the RPI-Purchar-Fiat is designed to make this possible. You can customize every single aspect of your training plan. Or let the apps AI take the lead, whichever combination you use, your results will climb higher than ever. All you have to do is bring the effort. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Oh look, it's one of our favorites. It's half the Julius Björnson from Iceland. And don't worry, Dora, this accent's not particularly ready for you. It's how all of you beat Bola Sound, even the women. Okay, so we've got meal one, we've got six eggs, six bacon, and the rashes. Scott is Russia something they just use in the the the Anglephone, the United Kingdom-ish countries because. Yeah, I've never heard of this word. Yeah. Oh, and a lot of stuff in the oatmeal got some way in their hemp seed, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, flax seeds, chia seeds, that's a lot of fat. That's nice. Banana, honey, and orange juice, 1,400 calories, dope. Very healthy. Makes sense quite a bit of fat, but remember, strong, many lots of fat, because there's no way to get a lot of calories in unless you're fat is nice and high. You want to try to get that all with low fat and high carb? Good luck. Good luck. You're going to do a lot of throwing up and a lot of foods back in the going anywhere. I think I was eating too much meal six times a day, comfortably, and I feel good. Meal three, 200 grams of rib-eye steak, a cup of rice, a tablespoon of butter, chicken stock, okay. So, easy eating the stand-efforting chicken stock diet. Steak and rice and chicken stock, and where is the orange stuff? Yep, orange juice. Stand-efforting, I think you got this diet idea from somebody else, whose name is Casey at the moment, but he says it's a good for digestion. On the one hand, scientifically, is nothing to confirm or deny. That's the case. But a lot of really jacked people have kind of combined this diet of various sort of concoctions of beef. Rice, chicken stock, and orange juice. If it's very least, it just goes down really easy. A lot of people seem to like it, or these particular foods pretty special. Probably not. This is a good combination of try if you're a big king and you want to be a bigger king. You really have trouble eating. Yeah, it might be worth a shot. These guys are huge and they've done the thing. Also, it's crazy me that half-dora looks like he's got like a very good shoulder-waist ratio, except he weighs 400 pounds. God, how does that happen? Ridiculous. It's not fair at all. Why do you need to be real? Really? What's he eating there? I think it's a tomato. You just eat a tomato? You can. I have all kinds of weird food diversions, you guys. But the reason I said here is because it's just one tiny tomato and his strength coach ate with him all day. I'm a guy, I'm falling apart because he just has to eat one tiny tomato. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's a tough food to have the all-fiber and water to swallow. We had God. How's do you know how my drink is? That's not that I don't mind. Like I like him in a salad with a bit of olive oil, maybe salad dressing on it. But say it like this. This is the first for me. Okay. So you officially tapped on, I've tapped out that. Oh geez. That's tough. This is not good. Are we under-up-holrs? No. You all look. You know you've had enough food, you don't want to see food anymore. Tough. Folks, that was really fun. What do we know about strong men? They need to eat mostly healthy foods and they see me, they do. They need lots of protein to support their muscle size, lots of carbs to fuel their performance, and lots of fat to just give them enough calories they can stay that massive size. Because size is critical in strong men because they're other than the two way classes they have and pro-strong men at the open level, they're on a way class. So the bigger you can be if it makes you stronger, it's better. And a lot of the tests aren't relative strength, they're absolute strength. So bigger is better, which is why 350 and even 400 plus pound strong men rule the day. At the same time, while they need all of those requirements, they're still human. So want food to taste good every now and again, so you see all of the BS every now and again, and that's really good. Honestly, if most people like this, except normal portions, they don't all be a lot better off. It's mostly healthy foods, high levels of protein, very nutritious stuff, a little bit of junk here and there. Not everyone of your meals needs to be ultra clean and super-spicom span unless you're trying to really cut bad or lose weight. We're just trying to maintain a healthy active lifestyle, combining really nutritious foods with a little bit of junk here and there is awesome. We end up going wrong as if it's all healthy food, you burn out at some point, and especially if it's all junk food, you won't burn out. You'll be having the time of your life until you kind of feel strange and then your heart goes, fall down, and you turn all blue, and you're a significant other discovers you two days later, sticking up the place. That ended in a weird note, hopefully you're not eating, in any case, eat more, because you'll be stronger. He's on me. Woo! That was yummy. I don't know, it's can't be funny, but there's probably at least one funny joke in this video right here, and you should definitely click on it. If you have any questions in the matter, I'll see you next time.