The majority of us are a menial acid deficient. This is one of the biggest f***ing lies I have ever heard in my entire life in the context of sport and exercise science. This is the kind of make belief nonsense that pisses me off the most. Folks like Gary Brock has to say some good shit, but then others should they do needlessly complicate your life for a maybe marginal or usually zero. That's a fact. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I've been a long time professor of exercise and science. Look at the competitive bodybuilder and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu grappler. And apparently a wear of a bromestay brand sweatshirt which you can get on the internet if you go clicking on it. In any case, today we I laser focus on a Mr. Gary Brecca who is a famous person who says a lot of things about how the human body works and about what you can do to help your health and performance that I consider speculative. Possibly wrong. Today we are going to try to be respectful and nuanced, occasionally at least for comedic effect. And possibly for a free real, we get a little bit per sneakity. Mr. Tee, a bit mean. That all for the best. Why are we getting a little bit mean? Because some folks, even though they are very well meaning, in some cases, or not well meaning, others like Dr. Oz who just exists to grip people off. They end up saying a lot of wrong stuff. Now I say my fair share of wrong stuff. But I love it when people call me out and especially if their critiques are based in some kind of evidence and or logic. And so today we're going to be doing a little bit of calling out of Mr. Gary Brecca to see if a lot of his claims stand up to the evidence. Now he says a lot of really good stuff and he's definitely one to look at, but he says a lot of stuff that just, well, just don't make no sense. Let's get into it and see what we can find. Three, two, one, Gary Brecca. All right, you know, everyone of the professional athlete said I work at with all of what I would call the superhuman athletes that I work with. I only have a work with people that have legitimate superpowers as well. If you can't live, you know what I'm saying, truck and throw it into the moon, I don't hear my roster. This is how I do. I can't have you with regular athletic abilities and salt in my ship. Gary, my massive respect for him would take him the best. I would be supplementing with a mineral salt in the morning, 10 ounces of water, first thing right out of it. I would hydrate and mineralize the body. Yeah, your body controls mineral levels very well, doing some mineral shit in the morning. By the way, most food has a float of minerals. And if you take a multivitum multi-minuil supplement sometime today, you saw this problem entirely. Having a mineral salt and putting into water is just like extra shit you're doing to buffer up that morning routine to 10-fucking hours. It's f***ing nonsense. I use one called Baja Gold Seasalt. I'm sure it's real cheap. If you guys need more salt, just sea salt won't do because you need every single kind of electrolyte. Patassium, you need chloride, you need sodium, and in the right amounts, they can be helpful, especially during and after workouts that are very long, very sweaty, and you need to rehydrate for other workouts. If I have that sort of thing where I have lifting early in the morning and then I've Gigiitsu later in the evening, I want to supplement with element, which we have a code for, link in description and all that stuff. That's actually a good way to do it. If you buy Baja Gold, I'm saying, I'm sure it's a fine sea salt, I'm sure it costs up the arm in a leg, and it's missing most of the shit you need in an electrolyte drink anyway. Stir it with a wooden spoon, not a metal spoon. The metal spoon will interact with the minerals in there and it will negate some of them. It's just like tier one nonsense. It's tier one nonsense. And by the way, Gary, you know that a wooden spoon, these wood particles, some of them come off of the spoon and go into your water. We concerned that you're consuming extra wood, particles and all the hundreds of different molecules that make them up, have we studied every single kind of molecule in wood? We mix the wooden spoon in, we're actually drinking it. And wouldn't the salt corrode the wood a little bit pulling even more of those molecules off where it just doesn't do that to metal? Maybe at all, or if I nearly the same extent, this is the kind of make belief nonsense that pisses me off the most. Folks like Gary, I'd like to say some good shit, but then other should they do needlessly complicates your life for a maybe marginal or usually zero net effect. Don't worry about what kind of spoon you're using. This is peak tier one insanity. The second thing that I would do is I would take a full spectrum of amino acids supplement. I would take a supplement with all eight of the essential amino acids. Don't Gary check this out. There are nine essential amino acids, my man. Thought whatever, who cares. 11 essential amino acids for developing babies because they can't manufacture some internally that we can and then nine for adults and children. Eight is just not anywhere in literature, so that's just wrong. I could be wrong about that, but it's unlikely. So it's nine first of all, second of all, amino acids supplements are generally in waste of time, why? Because when you need any kind of complete protein, anything from soy and many vegan products, all the way through every single animal protein, every single kind of meat, any kind of supplement like way or casey and or egg protein, milk, cheese, the whole in gamut. When you consume protein from those foods, they digest into all of the amino acids that you need. So instead of buying a super expensive amino acid supplement, you can just eat multiple meals per day with lots of protein in them, like you should be doing it anyway. Period. So consuming some kind of exotic amino acid supplement is a giant waste of money in time. I take one called perfect aminos, but you have one, I mean, as long as it has the full spectrum of essential amino acids, the majority of us are amino acid deficient. This is one of the biggest, fucing lies I have ever heard in my entire life in the context of sport and exercise science. The majority of us are absolutely not amino acid deficient. There's a term for that, it's called hypoprotonemia. You guys have received pictures, Google it, of starving children of Africa, and they're all kind of these crazy swollen bellies. That's what happens to you when you don't get enough protein. You are starving. There are almost no starving people in the United States shorter people addicted to meth and meth. I mean, we just forgot to eat for two weeks straight. It does not happen in modern countries. It happens now way less, but still happens in war-torn regions or regions with dilapidated non-market economies that can't feed their people or can't allow their people to feed themselves. That does occur, but it's obvious in its brutal. It does not happen in modern countries, essentially at all. Most Americans get more protein than they need, which isn't a bad thing, but the buffer zone is a real thing. And if you're under eating protein, two things are gonna happen. One, you're gonna get what's called meat hunger, which is when you want to meet. Scott, other than your many, many trips to gay clubs to resolve your meat hunger, you know what I'm talking about? When you just need a burger? Oh, I know about it. I didn't say hot dog. That's a burger. I suppose some penises are burger shaped. Yeah, I digress. When you have low protein levels, low amino acid levels, your body detects this very well, it gives you meat hunger, and then you go and have a cheeseburger and that for eight hours in a row, we'll solve any protein problem that you have. So not only is a solution to this not exotic and does not require some kind of weird amino acid supplement, it's the cost of the argument lag. It's also a problem that does not exist fundamentally in 99% of all Americans. So to say that we're all amino acid deficient is tier one bullshit. There's no other way to say it, I'm sure there's many other ways to say it. Sure, chat you can see it in a really polite way. While some people do lack essential protein intake, it's by no means clear that now Sierra, or that's mean, I can't do it folks, I can't be that nice. For people that are really into bio optimization for cellular repair to restoring what's called vaso motor activity in the body, the microbasko circulation in the body, which by the way is 70% of our circulation. I have a red light therapy bed, it's a full body red light therapy bed. It's $120,000. I don't expect anyone to buy a $120,000 bed. A little bit of a flex there, my man. You know what I'm saying? Hey, shit, I got a red light therapy bed, but your boy paid 240 for the shit. They tried to sell with a cheap shit, I was like, nah, family, I need the most expensive one. And then when they tried to sell me the most expensive one of $300,000, I was like, is there a way you can gold plate the shit? Cause your boy does not touch anything there's not even gold plate number diamonds. They took them a while, they got me the gold plate of bed, baby. I'm straight, drip it out here. But if you're gonna buy it for Ari, buy a red light therapy bed before you actually invest in a for Ari. That for Ari will do nothing. I'm gonna sell you your biology. I went on deep in this one guys. First of all, red light therapy beds. There are some potential modest improvements that you can find in skin health, recovery, pain management and inflammation. Okay, okay, okay. There could be a potential for better sleep regulation through circadian rhythm assistance, maybe. But the expectations are very modest. And you're not gonna get drastic health and performance gains. You might get some marginal improvements in some of these other qualities. It's best seen as a complementary tool. If you're already doing all the right stuff they have 120,000 dollars in this away. And it will never come up to the magnitude of a fact that you see with reducing stress and proving sleep, eating better and so on down the line. All the stuff you already knew you were supposed to be doing. But you haven't been doing anyway, Pimp, because you're out here trying to spend 120k on a red light bed to short circuit the ship. Unfortunately, it just does not work. In addition to that, the dosing of red light from commercial red light therapy beds is all often very inconsistent. And even though if you're getting the right amount of dosing, even if you have the product in front of you and Scott, what am I missing here? Oh yeah, $120,000. Which I could have spent on what? The thing is, unfortunately, Ferrari's typically Scott do not cost $120,000. They cost a lot more than that. Double plus. Yeah. Yeah. But if you save up instead of buying two red light therapy beds you get a Ferrari, he says, you don't get cellular benefits from Ferrari. We'll shit. And I'm gonna tell you why. When you are in a Ferrari, either at idle or at speed, you are experiencing low level consistent vibration. Scott is that true? That's true. Oh. Oh. I should that whets the girls up when you're at the intersection. Is that what that is? And the boys, too. Scott, if you have here a Ferrari at idle, there's more blood that goes to your glands penis than usual. Yeah, I think it's more for the boys. For artists or for the boys, you know? Yeah, the girls don't know. What gets the girls going? I don't know. They are P.I. P.I. P.I. P.I.P. APP comes with dozens of pre-made programs from two days of training per week all the way up to six days of training with specialized programs included for shoulders, arms, chest, back, legs, abs, and glutes. Each one with male and female options. You get them all and can use them as often as you like. Even building off of them to make your own customized versions for only about a dollar a day. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. There are documented effects of vibration on cellular biology. We have bone building and anti-ostyle parotic benefits. So exposure to vibration in some intermittent levels can increase bone building and reduce the bone resourption process, which is pretty dope. You can see in some studies, very small effects on muscle regeneration and even satellite cell activation, which helps make you more jacked. Some, especially in conditions of injury, you get tendon and ligament healing that gets faster with exposure to vibration. Scott, you imagine Ferrari someone's like, that's so god of you. You're like, I hurt my leg. I need the car to heal me. That's sweet. As soon as you check out the hospital, they're like, you're gonna go home. You're like, how long I'm going to track? You're all hangout time for a whole minute to heal. It improves low-level operation circulation and lymphatic flow, which is dope, clears your toxins for you better. It is a moderate vibration has been shown to decrease the inflammatory response. And it even enhances cellular proliferation and differentiation in some organ systems, including stem cells in bone. Get them bones big, you need that lamb over that Ferrari ASAP. And vibration can influence neural activity, specifically in low frequencies, can stimulate neurogenesis and support brain health. Although high levels of very high frequency vibration, I mean, you know, running that the red line there, Scott, may induce stress or neural fatigue. You know, also induce stress, taking corners at 90 miles an hour. But for the soul, Scott has a true to say that every human being has a part of the soul that can be specifically labelled as Italian motor sport. I don't know about every soul. Every soul, Scott, and it's some bigger than others. In a, in a, in a, in a ratio pagani's case, it's half of this. Yeah. Maybe all of it. Yeah, pagani. So yeah, it turns out if we're using the Gary Bracosta standard of evidence, which is to say use a few low quality studies that don't come to a very large holistic conclusion, the Ferrari actually has distinct health benefits that are comparable to red light therapy beds. So instead of pissing away your money and red light therapy bed, you know, I'm saying at least, Scott, do they lease Ferrari's other stuff? That works. Oh, yeah, you're gonna pay, but you can get it. You're gonna pay, but you can get it, which is what I say to all the girls. In any case, this is where rat folks, 2025, Ferrari's are evidence-based medicine if you have the low, very standard of Gary Bracosta scientific approach. Okay, let's move on. Wow. Is that Flex Lewis? Yes. Oh, yeah. Yo, what Flex said? Oh, wow. What he thought? Oh, yeah, fucking liar. You come on me, can show this thing, my Ferrari. It's painted, fucking, Scott Quick. What's the Welsh flag colors? I can only think of Ireland. Yeah. Yeah. My Ferrari looks like a fucking dragon. And what? And what? Yep. What's the flag? Razor blades, eyes. You guys know the rest. You've seen Peaky Blinders. Oh my god, it actually does have a dragon on it. Yeah, the Welsh dragon. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's green and white and red. Green and the fucking white. The color of my Ferrari. Yeah. And on you. What accent is that, even? Generalized Britain. You Britain's my favorite people. Folks, we're gonna be back to the video in just a second. We have a members area where you get to see this video and many others, except pretty much uncut, much longer, much more in depth and much more ranting. Honestly, quite meaner. In any case, all their stuff is in there as well. Remember those areas awesome. Check it out. Go click on things and let's get back to the video. The thing that I believe that we need to do is just get back to the basics. We're so afraid of the sun now. It is pathetic. You look at the car, the the the the parabolic rise in skin cancers. The parabolic rise. Look, it goes up and then back down. That's what a parabola looks like, not whatever. Let's continue. You can almost overlay it with the parabolic rise in the use of sunscreens. Gary. Big problem. The claim that sunscreen causes skin cancer is not just unsubstantiated, though it is. It is completely backwards. The amount of evidence we have that for multiple different types of cancers that sunscreen robustly help reduce the probability of you getting skin cancer is massive. If you put on an appropriate amount of sunscreen and you spend some decent time in the sun, you know, human and style wake up in the morning, look directly in the sun for eight hours until you're blind. It is shit like that. All jokes aside, it is good for you to spend some time in the sun for vitamin D production for overall wellness, especially in the morning if you can do it. But if you're spending an extended amount of time in the sun, especially when it's at high noon, sunscreen is a really really good idea. But it does back the question of why have correctly skin cancer rates been increasing. There are multiple reasons and deadly dick have to do with an increased use of sunscreen. Few reasons. One huge one improved agnostics. Back in the day, you just died of some shit. They don't even know why nowadays you're like, oh shit, that guy's got skin cancer. You would have your doctor often, they do a good screening, they're picking up way more skin cancer if you detect something more, the rise of it is very well demonstrated in the literature. If you're not detecting something, you know, it's still happening at huge rates, but you don't know about it. So it looks like it happens much less. Another thing is we have an aging population. In the literal sense that everyone's always aging, but also the fraction of older people is going up due to demographics stuff, nothing crazy. But when you have more older people, guess what you have more of, every single kind of disease, because guess who gets more of every single kind of disease, drum roll, it's older people. That's a huge part of why we're seeing more of all kinds of diseases. In a ton of folks like Gary Breckham, foritional comment and try to help us with toxins and all sorts of shit, sometimes they're right, a lot of times they're rough. There's also an increased recreational UV exposure. Back in the day, before World War II, people went to work, they went home, they generally didn't do a lot of outside sporting activities and stuff. While on the farms, did all kinds of stuff, that was not recreational and may got skin cancer all the time. Nowadays, especially more and more people get wealth here, the attending gauge of what I would quietly call all 11 respect folks white people activities. Scott, let's go through them hiking, whites, mountain biking, whites, going to the beach, mostly whites, really everyone, but mostly whites. What else we got? Yes. Oh my goodness. Golf? A pickle ball is the big one now. Pickle ball. It's here in the Austin metropolitan area and you're trying to get laid, go play some pickle ball. Those are all kinds of young people around doing it. All these other leisure activities of people do outdoors, they're doing them more and more and more, which is awesome. But also their exposure themselves more to the sun and not all of these people are diligent about sunscreen. You just know, look, I am a giant hippocrypt and no most ways. Especially with the whole sunscreen thing, how have my wife rub it on the top of my head because I'm a balding idiot, non-life face and on my nose and all those other stuff and on my upper chest and I'm really good about re-rubbing it, no. Because your boy rubs it another way you feel me, multiple times a day, everything. That's really, really where actual health comes from and kidding, maybe. Could I be better about sunscreen? Yeah, hell yeah. Would it be better for me? But is a high involvement in outdoor activities contributing to increasing rates of skin cancer of nothing to do with sunscreen and effect if we use more sunscreen, you'd have less skin cancer, yes, the answer is. Another one is ozone depletion, the ozone took a little bit of a hit and we're polluting for a while. That's getting better, but it's still not back to where it used to be. And so less ozone means less of a layer of protection and the sun's just really thrown up like it's that two middle fingers and now it's thrown up four that gets to us that increases those rates. And so in reality, skin cancer is something that you can to a huge degree reduce the probability of getting by properly applying sunscreen. And there is no mechanism by which nor is there demonstrated evidence of sunscreen, causing skin cancer. Just make believe on them, what a point, a fine point on it here. Telling people that sunscreen causes skin cancer instead of the concern causing it, you know, with all of its literal radiation and shoots at you. As I think a milder responsible in Gary's part, now we all say some dumb shit every now and again, me included, but I got to say no, that's not cool because some people might take Gary's advice is very popular person. And I would say he is remarkably good looking. Scott, what do we think about salt and pepper men in their 50s? Oh, I mean, come on. Tier one for Fox. Silver Fox. All right. He's like a VP at a corporation. He wears a suit. I see him. I just want my body to be given to him for whatever it is that he wants to do with it. What the hell's wrong with me? Nothing. A silver fox can't fix. So Gary's dope. He's really popular, which is great. He's some good stuff. This kind of shit man, doesn't because, uh, man, you're like somehow could get lots of people to stop putting on sunscreen and go out into the sun more without it and then that would probably cause some of those people to get skin cancer. More. And that's not cool. That's not cool, but all right. To that lifted my blood pressure a couple of points, folks, we had a lot more stuff because we pulled a lot of footage. We could easily have doubled this video. If you want another video and more of Gary Breck is interesting interpretations of science. He doesn't get some stuff right. In some of the stuff we have written up, but we just never got to that because we just got stuck in a swamp full of BS. Let us know. And, uh, yeah, lots more to say, but for the time being, I'm just going to say this. It is 100% an awesome thing that Gary's out and about trying to get people to do healthier shit. He did incredible work with Dana White, Massive, or Spat. Because at the same time, we have to hold each other to a decent standard of truth telling and of falling in line with scientific evidence and logical reasoning. So even though I sound like a cock sucker, because I am, it's all meant with the best to make sure that all of you folks get a real look. Am I trying to dog shit on Gary Breck and my saying he's a bad person? No. Am I calling out some shit I think is false? Yeah, it's all love and respect, but that adrenaline line somewhere just voicing my opinion. Listen, the great Gary Breck is stuff. Listen to my stuff. Plug both ideas into the chat you be tea, learn to Gemini, learn to whatever clawed, whatever grock shit that you use. See which person or which view gets the most love for me I? Let me know how that works out. In any case, I rate Gary Breck a person who does not know how incredibly beneficial for RR to your health out of 10. And I will see you next time. Alright folks, that was interesting. For more interesting stuff, right over here is a video you might be interested in. See you next time.