Feel pretty good today for legs. Got your good workout. Hey Chris, what's a workout? Oh, that's right. You're Canadian. I've never met a single Canadian who's a bad person. No way Greg just doesn't exist. All right guys, I'm here with Greg to set fire! Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. I'm a professor of exercise and sports science. The co-creator of RPI, Perchv app, link in the description. If you want to download by the app. Any Lamborghinis and my botlers refuse to buy them with their own money. I know, it's rude. Today, I'm going to be trying to increase my Lamborghini fund by critiquing very gingerly, very gently. And with all the best positive intentions, Mr. C. Bum's leg workout. Let's see what this leg workout looks. A few weeks leading up to his Mr. Olympia debut. debut Jesus Christ is fifth debut at the Mr. Olympia where he is crowned a champion for the fifth time. Huge congratulations to C. Bum. Let's look at his leg training. Let's see if he can science leading crap out of it. And learn a few things, huh? Do you guys want to go on a magical journey with me? And not the kind that you get into my unmarked man. Just where you sit and you watch your television screen. We all get to judge C. Bum together. As he lives his life in a state of perfection and we're all envious. Yeah, let's do it. You're going to start off with quality sensors, as always. I'm not trying to rewrite anything new. I'm trying to hit any records that's for the name sure right now. It's a really good idea. Not to try a lot of weird new stuff, especially hit any crazy PRs when you're prepping for a show. You just kind of want to keep your strength roughly stable. I'm going to also say in my personal opinion, especially with some of the pharmaceutical preparations that folks like this take into a show, we find yourself considerably stronger and more capable all the way up to even several weeks before the show. So I think it's okay to hit PRs, but they have to be really, really tiny ones. And ideally, PRs on reps are not on load. If you train really hard, you will conserve all of your muscle and step on stage really well. If you train extracts, you might build one percent more muscle and you usually would in that phase, or even 5% more muscle, which in the grand scheme is like less than 1% total muscle added to your body, but your probability of injury and excessively high fatigue that leads to a poor look at the show or not making the show at all multiplies considerably. So on a trade-offs is just not worth it. So it's one of these things that's like, is it a good idea to talk to girls, try to get to know them and go on dates? Yes. If you are at an international airport and you're trying to run on to a flight while Godzilla is destroying the city behind you, is that a good time to slow down and talk to the girl next to you? Probably not. It's all about trade-offs. Godzilla. What a fun time. I dropped some weight, so I'm officially under £250 now, which made me a lot like a pound and I could feel it in my body as tired. And I'm getting drier, so I'm starting to protect my joints a little bit more and not hurt myself. But... Ooh, what's up, primed leg curl? A great machine. And he's using it properly because he has most of the weight at the top, which as far as my understanding of leverage is concerned, means that he's going to be experiencing a lot less force at the top of the movement than at the bottom, force bias towards the deep stretch. Is now... I'll see, seemingly scientifically proven to be superior, so this is great. Well, actually, I take that back. I just saw that he had more weight on the bottom hook, or maybe that's not the case. I'd have to see a zoom dot version to be sure, but looks like he's choosing either an even force curve or a force curve that even peaks at the very top. I'm not a big fan of. Yeah, JK, I take that all back. It looks like he has most of the load in the middle peg, which as you can see, the middle peg creates the biggest lever arm and respect to gravity at the very top of the movement, close to lockout. And then all the way at the bottom, it actually sagged down to where it's roughly in parallel with the connector junction, the original point of rotation. And there's almost no load being imposed on that, maybe just a little bit on that other 45. But as you get closer and closer to lockout, gravity becomes more and more influential due to vectoring. And so this actually is probably not ideal. Again, I just want to preface all of the critiques here with all the respect in the world of C-Bomb. I think it's a phenomenon, lastly, I think he looks essentially like the perfect man. And that's exactly why he's a five-time classic physique, Mr. Olympia. But we can all do a little bit better. And there are some insights here and there that could maybe improve almost anyone's physique. And if you ever get too bogged down in the idea that, well, why don't you look like that, Mike Slash seems to work for him. I'd ask you to consider the fact that let's take champions from the 60s and 50s in the 40s. Some of these guys looked not even as good on drugs as today modern natural bodygovers look. And you ask why, there's a lot of reasons. One of them is the fact that we know more about how to train more properly. And we know more about recovery, nutrition, etc. So if you say like the champions cannot be wrong, the champions have to have a hundred percent of exactly what works for them. It's unlikely to be the case. And it's possible that even some lowly form of such as myself can make apt critiques on the margins, which could improve someone's training a little bit. So all of my critiques of Mr. C-Bomb here are not critiques of like, more on should I or next? Should I say it's pressed right, is shit, Vulcan 88 clear? The guys won 5 Olympias. Genetics or stellar. His work ethic or stellar. It actually seems like a super super nice guy in general. And what he's training, how he's training is generally very effective in works very well. That doesn't mean we can't learn from examining everyone's training, including my own, as to how things could be done better. So just the toughest that further, very mean sounding critiques on my part. The three sets. And then when I felt like really like, my most connection was like belt through the set. I was just doing the lockout portion to really squeeze up into my upper quad and hip. Making sure I'm just getting a really tight contraction and I would do that for like five reps. The tight contraction seems to be a scientific inquiry, who wildly overrated. So emphasizing the deep stretch seems to be like a good idea for net growth. Emphasizing the peak contraction seems to interact comparisons and science. Not result as much growth as either forage motion or emphasizing that bottom stretch position. It could be, Chris could be on something. In this particular context, for this particular body, this could be a net benefit situation or net marginal benefit compared to other ways of training. But I'm skeptical about that. Get yours now. Like press squat press, whatever you want to call this. Again, filling it up into my hip, right here, super deep into my quad. When I rack it at A-RF's, rest-pause, 10-15 second rest, go get in the failure just to get even more than 12 reps out of it. It's got idea, my reps work great. So it's not bad technique at all. If I was critiquing here, what I would love to see is Chris, maybe put on some weightlifting shoes to get extra heel support and thus increases incommodility. If that's a limiting factor for him, just in case, I recommend that to most people. Then to slide his feet as low on the platform as he possibly can, while his heels are still producing as much power as possible and still in contact with the platform. So he's a feeder up in the middle top side of the platform. I'd love to see them as low as possible. And that would allow him to have less degree of hip flexion. You train a lot of glutes and lower back, leg pressing like this. But you want to train quads, which means you want as much knee flexion as possible. So if you take your foot and you lower it on the platform, you get more knee flexion in that way you get a better quads stimulus now. The downside of that, so to speak, is that you don't, you can't use as much weight as you normally would. Chris is using all the weight in the gym, so not a problem for him. If he would used to use less weight, he would have to spend less time putting plates onto an off the machine. So that's actually independently for teaking. And it's also that position is just overall less stressed through your body, less forced, and probably better for all your joints. So something definitely to consider if you're training like press like this in your own spare time with your workout routine. Damn, his calves look sweet. That's like eight calves and that motherf***er. How does that work? I will say the control is very good. I would love to see a bigger return motion. Obviously, you guys know how we do on this channel. But the fact that he's not locking out of the top means that he's some eating lactate metabolites and that'll absolutely cause a decent amount of growth. And in addition to that, he's not doing kind of crazy explosive pulse reps. He seems to be doing relatively slow eccentric controlled concentrics. Just awesome, especially at this time in his prep, because as he gets closer and closer to looking your best, your probability of injury does tend to go up and he's controlling the weight very well. I would like to see him pause at the bottom. If you slow down towards the bottom and pause, take a second and then come up not only does it suddenly even more metabolites, it burns the shit out of your quads. It's really quite terrible. But also, it reduces the amount of force that occurs from the transition, the transition from eccentric to concentric. That phase, technically, is called a amortization phase, especially if you're doing plyometrics. But the more plyometric light movements look, the quicker the amortization phases, the higher the peak forces are. This is from direct force platform testing that I've actually conducted myself in the past. So the absolute highest amount of force in a squat, for example, is seen bar non with essentially everyone that we've ever tested in the bottom of the squat in that little peak. That's super high force when you hit the bottom and come back up. That's a good thing because that maximum force of the stretch grows a shitload of muscle. But it's also a bad thing in context because close to a show, that's the absolute highest peak force you'll ever supply to the body at that point. And it is when the tissues are stretched maximally, those two things added together means a probability of injury is though very low still in an absolute sense in a relative sense as much higher than it could be. So especially when if someone has Chris Bum said strength, especially if he can overcome any stimulus deficiencies by just doing a few more reps or one or two more sets of this movement, I would love to see him slow down to a full pause at the bottom and then come back up. I think that could be a really good thing. I like to do this Bell Squad at least once a week, depending on what I'm doing in my hamster or quadale do it on either day. And in my spine got a little bit crush of doing overhead press. On this thing was like two and a half plates. I kind of overarge a little bit too much in my back like hyper extended. I've definitely done that a bunch on a red press. So it was a little sore and this is honestly pulled in the opposite direction. So another reason I'm doing that, fix my back, it's some fucking big old meat sticks for legs. The Bell Squad is a superior form of exercise for the quadriceps and I'll tell you why. There is a term in sport science called Axial fatigue. It is the fatigue that isn't posed on you when you have weights pushing down on your spine. If your spine gets compressed, the increases amount of Axial fatigue is not a bad thing, but it'll cost you because it's very dependently fatiguing. That means that first Axial fatigue contributes lots of systemic fatigues. So if you do a lot of heavy squatting versus leg pressing, you're going to get a lot more fatigued out of the squatting because it involves all the muscles and stabilize the spine and that's especially fatigued to the whole system. In addition to that, it severely saps your energy to do more things than are axially loading. For example, good mornings or stuff like a deadlift or bent overrobes. If you cook yourself with quad movements like squats and front squats, for example, that are actually fatiguing within the total Axial fatigue a lot meant you have for a week, which is a theoretical number everyone has just might not know it. You can't do as much to flag a deadlifting and as much Bat-Royal, a Bat-Royal and as much good morning, as you normally would, so then you're paying a trade-off in the other direction of like, well, my back training is not going to be as great because I used my back too much for leg training. Again, barbell squatting and Smith machine squatting is incredible in context, but a huge advantage of the belt squat is that because the belt is positioned to the very bottom of your spine and almost all the force transduces through your hips and below, you've essentially avoid Axial fatigue altogether. The stimulus to fatigue ratio of belt squats, if you do them especially, can be just straight up in my view some of the highest around. It's not true for everyone, but for many people I believe the SFR of belt squats can be superior in most cases, on average, to many other leg exercises. So if this isn't a leg exercise you've used before, I would highly encourage you to try it. Let's see how to see about me using this and see if we can give any pointers to get your hands a little bit closer towards neurotic perfectionism that results in bigger muscles, but no one wants to be your friend because you're an asshole and you have no friends and you're alone all the time. Sometimes you cry about it, but sometimes it's not even anyone to cry to, so I even put on the act. Just keep that rage inside and just f***ing just f***ing. Hey guys, if you want more uncut raw, unedited, too hot to share on YouTube version of this, then consider joining our membership for this channel and you get all the crazy stuff plus a lot more educational content every single week. See you there. That's really good depth. That's really really good depth and I'm here for 100%. This is great. The cadence is awesome, control in the way down, control in the way up, and a gentle pause at the bottom. This is a plus work. If I didn't know anything about lifting, I would look at this exercise. It asked you asked me what muscles are training. I'd be like, the hamstrings and you'd be like, why? I'm doing look at them shit, man. Well, f***ing hamstrings got hamstrings. He's got a little mini hamstring under his hamstring. You can see from the side of the f***ing, I didn't see that shit in an anime class. Guess that's what happens when you went a bunch of Olympias. Just grow different muscles. What you got now is he was pausing and now he's not pausing anymore because I think it's just getting really tough and pausing is really hard. That's my suspicion. That's why I stopped pausing sometimes. A little of this that because I'm like f***ing that, I didn't get out of here. I encourage you guys that if you start to set with pauses, continue to pause all the way through. Will that allow you to get more reps? No, fewer reps, but it'll maximize the stimulus and minimize the 15. Ooh, Smith machine squats. Holy crap, that's deep. I like it. So he's going full depth. He's not quite locking out, which means the tension stays in the quads, which as an argument just from tension is not sense because if you lock out the tension goes away when you unlock and go back down, the tension comes back. The total time you can get over the course of the set because you get the extra rest breaks, still the same amount of tension. However, when you fail to lock out, you can sequestrate more metabolites in your quads. They don't have a chance to lead. That metabolite sequestration causes them metabolites directly to sunny, to much higher levels and those have been shown scientifically to actually cause growth pathways to activate. So if you can get the crazy crazy quadburn by not quite locking out, it isn't the best strategy in the world. It isn't the only strategy in the world, but it's a great strategy in order to maximize muscle hypertrophy. So I'm like in seeing him do it here. The only downside is brutal is f**k because you're like, I like the idea of squatting all the way down to super great depth, coming back up, locking out and getting a quick mental break from the pain before I go again. But if you don't lock out at the top, it's like, nah, fam, you just continue to be in the pain and blows dick, but it's worth it. Like many things that revolve the penis and blowing it. I think if when you're doing it, it's like, oh, this sucks. But then after your friends were like, hey, that was great. Here's a hundred bucks and a cab fair. Go home. rethink your life. We're just doing it again. The next weekend. That's what I say. What? Scott, is this the good girl, a bad girl machine? Good girl machine because it forces you to close your legs against resistance. So if there's a sociological resistance, later, and closing your legs, like, got the porous, the gaze, daisy, heard you were DTF. And she's like, nah, when she closes her legs, the sociology, the situation, because, you know, the guy hitting on you, Mr. Popular, any big man on campus, you're like, I don't know. I kind of want to open my legs. But at the same time, I'm like, I want to be, what's that term? Scott's video guy, chast. Right? I was going to say if your name is chastity, no offense. This is just a joke. There's a very high probability that you are anything other than chast. In my experience. Being purely theoretical, I've never seen or talked at woman. But anyway, these are adductor focused exercises and they're quite good. If you need adductor development, I will say from most people, I think, those exercises, not necessary. And could actually be overkill on how much it exposed their adductors. If these people, especially go really deep with good foot position, where there are knees, slide out as they go really deep on hacksquats, leg presses, especially lunges and definitely squats of all kinds. So adductor work here, I don't think is really necessary. It's like deadlifting, doing bent-over rows and doing stiff leg at answer good morning. And then also being like, I think I need more work for my lower back. It's like, do you? Maybe not. Maybe you do. So we do flexion rows for the lower back. Sometimes if you need extra volume, C-bomb was doing adductor machines. So in his context, I'm sure he's intelligent enough to determine if like the adductor is a little midi factor. If they're not healing on time and interfering with his workouts, I'm sure he'd stop doing this. So it's just a very good movement in context. If you're doing these, I actually recommend something a little bit different than when he's doing's almost the same. But I would recommend is a very slow eccentric, obviously, for the good reasons of hypertrophy maximizing stimulus to fatigue ratio and reducing the probability of injury. But not only that, but slow eccentric's as well as deep pauses, and pause for two seconds at the bottom, trying to get a little lower each time, actually not only strengthens and bullet proofs to some extent to your adductor's from injury. And there's a very not fun muscles to get hurt. And it's also a little finicky adductor's are pretty prone to injury. Kind of like hamstrings. I'm not only adding in the just pulling and like god damn it, not only is that the case with that kind of work where you're going as deep as you can and then holding at the bottom for a second, but not holding in a position, just holding and then allowing the weight to pull you out even a little more. So you do a whole rep, go slow, at the bottom, hold for two seconds, which means you just put in a position and then gently let the weight pull you apart. Every rep you're going to get a little deeper, it's actually excellent mobility slash flexibility work for the adductor's. The more flexible your adductor's can be, the less the learning factor, there will be on squats and leg presses and lunges, the more they'll potentially the growth of the rest of your leg and it's ball our growth for the adductor's itself. It's both better for growth and better flexibility, a highly encouraging to give that some thought. Hey, Chris, what's a workout? Oh, that's right, you're Canadian. In the great United States where bald eagles are technically in charge, I believe. It's a workout, but in Toronto, it's a workout. And that's pretty cool, actually. I've never met a single Canadian who's a bad person. No way Greg just said exists. All right, guys, I'm here with Greg to set up. All right, folks, that was really fun. I had a great time watching Seabump Train Legs. My mind was stimulated and even my distal anatomy was stimulated. If you're an anatomy fan, figure out what that means in your spare time. Grating a Mr. Olympia is very difficult. Because it's just better than all of us. So I'm not creating a music which to me is a 12 out of 10. It's revolutionary. It's changing the structure of our support. Literally, structure, make about it. But this training I would give, any .5 out of 10. Great on the basics. Great on the control. Foundations, awesome. The arrangement of the exercises, awesome. That 1.5 or 2 points missing there is just little nuances, little splitting hairs kind of stuff that would love to see. Slowly, centrics, more pauses, a bit more control. And really, it's just about it. Otherwise, it's great. So I would say great, but not perfect, unlike his physique, which is actually perfect. And hopefully we'll have an opportunity to look at more videos like this in the future where I criticize people that look 50 times better than me and try not to throw up from wild hypocrisy. See you guys next time. Well, if you guys like this video, YouTube thinks you like this one and we tend to agree so give it a click and let the fun continue.