What's up, man? Oh, Hallie, how are you? How are you? No, you're almost left in a free world, but next to me, how are you? I'm not a mother, hurr, Hallie. He's a good rom-z little man or whatever kind you like, man. Well, he insulted me again, Scott. He folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I've been a longtime professor of exercise and sports science, Brazilian Jutsu Black Belt. And I have a competed and will compete in the future in bodybuilding. What the hell are you doing, man? Wait, you're heads up! Get down on the ground! Get down on the ground! Get down on the ground! So, I've been compliance with orders. Wait, what was it taking me so far off? Hey guys, I'm back. Due to a few misunderstandings, I went to prison. And I met a lot of fun friends and I got crazy hardcore prison tattoos. I'm in a gang now, which is really fun. I just just a lot of friends. And I was able to work out a little bit. And I gleaned so much insight. I didn't just want to share it with you. I wanted to review prison workouts and see if we can learn a little bit something extra. So, three, two, one. It's jail time. Hey, it's Callie Mussel. This was your first influence on YouTube for training. It was, it was the first thing I saw. It was this and a high-green cookie with all the burners on. Yes. This is like the first two things I saw. You're like, okay, how to get checkered. I got it. Good, this is weird. I finally had Jack to have to heat myself up and be black. One of those actually will get you jacked. So I'm going to show you what I used to do for ladies. So, you said I got my books. Yeah, this how we do it. See I get these books. That's what books are for. All right. All right. I'm curious. This is one of the pounds. No, it's not. You just curl that with one hand. Always you're going to extend it. No. Do some laying a stand just to right here. Okay. I got to, I got to, at the top, you're going to feel the full weight of that. At the bottom, you basically feel nothing because the weight completely unloads. The opposite of the force curve that you want. I would say in exercise that is better than the lightest sensors and every conceivable way, would be speedsquats and reverse the Nordic curls or Nordic extensions. Is there sometimes called? Those we can throw in some video of people doing them, and I think they're just like superior. I will say, though, you gotta get creative and prison because there's just about a whole lot going on. And you can't just do the same exercise all the time. So, this is actually very, very clever. and John or Gly. It was Scott. He just used the onward. He did. Well, I'm lying. We're not pillow out here. Let's go cream on ourselves. What the f**k? All right. She'll come on us. Oh, my. Excuse me, sir. Yes. Well, I believe that my legs are so, so enhanced, musculosently, during my time in prison, that your significant other of female sexual dimorphism is going to be inclined to ejaculate all over herself upon the mere sight of my quadriceps. I've been Callie Muscle. Thank you so much. Folks, all jokes aside, prison is a terrible place. I don't wish it on my worst enemies. And since I am now a cripple, but I don't want to be biased, we had to cut the bloods some slack. How do we do it? We have a Versa grip. New, special edition that's a red colored. How and why is it red colored? Why is because we wanted to honor the great gang that is the bloods? Because I'm crippled out. I got to be blooded out as well and hashtag Team Orange. I don't know anything about ganged clearly. I'm just an idiot. However, all jokes aside, the way we got these Versa grips to be read by how you think. How you think? Which thing? Dip in blood. No, not human blood. That's ridiculous. Remember, Versa grips are made of a combination of exotic materials from space and the entirety of a goat. So we simply transferred some goat blood into an extra container and the Versa grips were done. We dipped them in. It's goat blood only, which is approved by our 100%. Kind of inspiration source here at Versa grips, Satan himself. Oh, you can get these Versa grips. They're limited time offer. So go click around or links because we'll share a shit half something for you. Talk to about 10 sets of 20 at all. Then I come here. At my, I got a human body. That got real. See that? Come here. Buh. Buh. Oh yeah. Okay. A zurture squats basically. Not terrible. What I would say is just sling it behind you and then hold hand one hand out for balance and do full depth squats. Another cool trick to do if you don't have a lot of equipment is squat to full depth, weight for two seconds at the bottom at the very most stretch position. Come up only two thirds of the way up and then slowly come down, weight at the bottom, two thirds up. When you can't do that anymore, stand up, lock out, take a breather, maybe switch the bag to the other shoulder and keep going. A few rounds like that when big matter upset, you'll get your quads up. It's way better than doing half squats, eye promise. Use the lunges, butt. Butt, butt, butt. Shit. That was cool. The step up is a fine idea. Again, the lunges are probably good to do them super deep. And with the lunges, I think you can use the extra weight. So get that bag of books on you as well. Yeah? Yeah? Do you kiss it? 50 a cat. That toilet is ready to break open, Scott isn't it? Or is it metal and can't be broken? I think this is like a prop. So prop. So prop is plastic. Oh, that's for sure, gonna break. One leg at a time, calf raise is brilliant because it's enough weight for you to really feel something. Two legs of time is good and, because he's standing on the edge of the toilet, he is getting a really good stretch. So real sure, we're a sharp real smart. You guys need to learn how to monotask. Oh, is that that one guy? That fake motherfucker who lies about being rich and shit like that? Lots of questions. Less Watson, my man. All right, let's find out what he's been to prison a lot according to himself. Draw it over the place. Reason a man he's getting shaped in the penitentiary isn't because he has more time. He has more focus. So his time and his energy are utilized correctly. You guys are drifting in the future. Thinking about a past event. You're never in the present. The penitentiary forces you to be present. It makes you monotask. Well, he got me in there for a second. Okay, I'm back. So next time you can work out, we'll truly focus on each rep. Truly visualize that man that you're building, that man that deserves a better life. That was inspirational, right, Scott? Look, it's true. If you have a lot of time to spend and you're not much else to do, working out is absolutely great. Reinforces all the right values, putting in hard work, delay, gratification, pushing through suffering, dedication, organization, systematizing things. That's all stuff that's really going to help me on the outside. I wish Wes Watson wasn't saying it. Even the broken clock is right several times a day. And that's right, I work close. His random and word use is hilarious. He didn't have to say it, but he did. Is that a butterfly tattoo? Or him and I in the same game? Oh, very well. This is a kind of shit you get killed for saying, right? Like mocking gangs and shit like that. Damn. All lovers back, Kelly must all jokes. Because you see up in here, we'll need you no prints. All right, okay. Leaning into their criminal lifestyle, I see. The gloves, I don't get. Here's why I used to wear lifting gloves when I first started. It gave me functionally the same calluses, but also made my hands really stinky, because gloves are disgusting. I just don't think lifting gloves do anything is what I'm saying. My other partner go to Goats. And they tell me no grunt. Oh, bitch, go moose, you getting... That's true. That's true. Sometimes, my girls always look at me blankly for minutes. And then ask, is it in yet? Is that the same thing as grunting? Are they still having fun? I think it's going to run if he busted that. Yes, sir, you're not supposed to be busting nuts at the gym, though. That's not a retort. And I put the grunt without working. Fuck you, Jim. I could understand how Cali muscle ended up in prison being highly disagreeable and aggressive. This is all started to make sense. But Scott, look at his deltvanes. Dude, he's on Billy and Lily Jack. This is one of those things, like, because you see it back in the day, and you think you must remember, like, had Norton, you know, in American history, yes, not Jack. Now he's 150 pounds. Yes. You go back and you're like, oh my God. Damn, you appreciated even more now. I'm not trained right to gain muscle. The RP hypertrophy app removes all uncertainty and makes the training process precisely defined. Choose your pre-made workout plan from dozens of available on the app, plug in your weights, and the app takes care of the rest for months of productive training. Ready? Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. That's where you want to pass. Yeah, you see this? Oh, cool. You see that, I'm saying. I mean, how did he get access to a bamboo bar? Isn't that a weapon? He's got a cooler. He's got two spotters. He's like a powerlifting meat. Scott, does it look to you like he's in the bathroom? Maybe you're a laundry room? Longer room. Put laundry sacks in there, smart, real smart. Also, full range of motion, which is great, good control. He's got his feet up, which I just don't like, because it destabilizes you, and it's worse for your chest and triceps, and doesn't really do much for your core. It's like a circus trick on wrong. So if you put his feet down, this would be really good. Scott, me disrespecting a whole lot of prison workouts means I'm getting shank real fun. And so I got nothing to say, Matt, if it happens, it happens. No, I know me, but we get money. I got money out here, you feel me? Damn. That's the best part about lifting is getting up off the bench and swagging. Scott, look at that swag phase. He's got it. With me now. I'm a deer, he's got it all with you. It's my strength. And he's got the physique to show it off, my man. It's what he has to make up. What's that smoke? Folks, let me get you a quick tip. This might not resonate, but when you're talking shit to the camera, if everyone talks at the same time, no one is hurt. So if you have to talk smack, maybe line up in a line and talk that shit and sequence, it could get a lot more shit talking across. We've been trying to make sure you have the link. Yeah, yeah. Oh, shit. Oh, dude. Yeah, what? You know, oh, my gosh. You made it. There's only one great African race. Back guy is not at anything you call shape, but he can do gymnastics just for five's alone, man. This guy could be a person who trains and I'm a man one year in turns pro and beats a shit out of a lot of really good fighters. That's just called talent. We got a word for it. God damn. And I'll also tell you this, man. There's a couple different ways you can roll in prison using your time to hang out with homies and to work out and bettering yourself. That's such a good idea. So all this aside, just bullshitting for laws, a matter of respect to all these guys men trying their best. Men drive their shit beats to many statements about themselves. Is that why men drive as you use God? This is real bad. OK. Women care. It's not an impact to make the statement about themselves. But real mom can have muscle. Where does your body say about you? That's all what you do. Say about your body. Don't worry about your time. Y'all are constantly buying exotic work out equipment for figuring out 99 and not using it. And every time you look at that piece of equipment, sitting in your bedroom, calling you, saying to yourself, so constantly I'm worth nothing because you're not committing to a process that you began. Do this is some CT flechotype wisdom. This is hard, bro. And they got a picture of like Arthur in the back. I love every part of this man. It's true, too. Like a lot of people like what they never used. It's heavy to know his side. OK. It's negative and positive work. Damn. While I'm working back on them, the tricep, the tail, is working. It's bicep. Y'all, this is creative and it works. First of all, they're getting constant tension, which is dope. Second of all, they're both getting a great workout, which is dope. Third of all, if you're kitten two birds with one stone, because they could just superset this and flip back and forth, the guy sitting down right now could stand up and vice versa, Scott, you got to say, this is creative. It's a good one. This is awesome. Now what we have here will be some of you. His world, you little bit. That's not your thing. You're positive. I guess this, OK, barely. That very well. He's defining the tricep back on 100%. So it was just getting second, very well, OK. 100%. On 10, you'll notice that his wrist is turned over, with the structure. It's chopping up the muscle at a certain angle. Chopping it up. It was biceps and it's great. And actually, big Tim is using a lot of lower back to make sure he doesn't fall forward. So that's actually true. If we kill this, get a close up of this, this beautiful all might be. Oh, all right. We're going to always get to know each other a little bit. I'm feeling that. It should be a straight line across from hell, but it's my, for my elbows, because they are both on the you block out Tim. Now I'm pulling it, you resist. Do. Make sure they feel even on both. This is so sharp. Huge, full range of motion. Because it's dual towels. You can't even really do this in a cable because you'll hit yourself in the back of the head. This is so smart. The thing is, you got to get somebody to train with you, which sometimes is hard, but if you have a homey and prison that's going to train with you, man, this is dope. I love this. Why do you pull them? I was this. Why I pull? He was this. And remember, the other person resisting while the other person pulls isn't a thing where you're like, well, I guess I have to do it because my training partner, the eccentric, the negative, is hugely growth promoting even more so. So in this exercise, at all times during this movement, both guys are getting the best possible workout, which is true to say about prison workouts and about prison showers. Am I allowed to make that joke? All of respect. What's up, man? Oh, hell yeah. Holy muscle here. No, y'all, man. Without getting free world, but nice to meet you. I need to get these big ass muscles. I'm not a mother, girl, Kelly. Okay, fine, I am. So you bust these up here. You're doing good, wrong, a little matter, whatever kind of you like, you love me. Well, he insulted me again, Scott. Fuck. I'm not, I'm gonna go, and the real man needs to more. Ooh, the said would look at it. What else do you want to swallow? I'm a gay, five pounds of raw muscle. Raw muscle. He means water. You don't gain five pounds of raw muscle from eating a highly salty food with lots of carbs. Oh, yeah, the sodium count on this. You look at that, $4,000,000. Oh, yeah, that good for if you have salt-sensitive, five-blood pressure issues. Which many African-Americans do so? He fed a mind. Then we got protein, levard, ram, type, two. That's 22 grams of good protein. That's true. Good. Okay. Uh, yeah, tuna's great. If you eat it all the time, and it's a certain type, Mercury or whatever, but you're in present here, I'm saying you gotta do what you gotta do. You know what I'm doing to you and Jayle, put his voice down. Fuck. That's canned oysters, my bad luck. What would a racial slur do to me in jail to acquire canned oysters? I assume forced sex acts, Scott, is that correct? I think he says he'll murder you. Oh, that's even worse. My God. Well, I hope he enjoys his oysters at least. But when you eat him, you go have to have one of them, jack-off books. Do you think his voice is more, how you go? Oh, they're like a libido enhancer. Scott, what's a jack-off book? I don't know, maybe we could speculate on it, for a second. Is it an adult? It's a different thing to different people to be honest. Is it literatica? Emily slowly unsheathed her dress, and duly and found this both provocative and confusing, as her shimmering skin hit the light, like that. More of 50 shades of gray, man, myself. Emily was tied up squealing like a piglet, who William was urinating all over her face. It is the sensation of his warm urine that made her puff up downstairs. We're getting canned for this for sure. Folks, there is still more video to come, but if you want to see an extra underrated extra uncut, extra citi prison gang violence version of this video, we have it for you in our member section. We have other tons of science content and flaw content. You can see my training, Jared Feather, I'd be pro, blah, blah, blah, jared Feather, I'd be pro's training, and all that really good stuff. Give it a click. Let's get back to the video. That's why I'm so slow. I'm getting the loomies. Six thousand and nine grams of sodium a day. Folks, six thousand and nine grams of sodium a day isn't gonna make you any more swallowing any number of other milligrams as long as you're getting enough sodium. And a somewhere between 2004,000 milligrams was really good for most athletes that are training really hard. You could experiment with the higher sodium to see if that's a long-term thing for you. Watch your blood pressure. If you're just carrying a bloat all the time, it's not gonna get you any more jacked. So just, but that does look like a fun treat to have. All right, what do I see about this? Two things. One, my personal view on prison is that for repeat offenders, which are the overwhelmingly represented people that do crime, we need to have significantly longer prison sentences. But at the same time, I think that prisons should be substantially more humane than they are now, which means access to really good nutritious foods, almost certainly access to very, very good gym equipment. So it access to reading materials and entertainment materials so that people don't feel sharper and more brutalized coming out of prison. They just may be me feel slightly bored but have every opportunity to batter themselves. And I think the number one thing of the hardcore criminals that need to be in prison, the number one thing effect wise is just keeping them off the street. So the prison time has to be long, but I think supplying folks with the right kinds of nutrition and the right kinds of training, the right opportunities for extra curricular activities is really important because I think that just makes them at arguably not worse humans than maybe slightly better humans because exercise when you're training can reinforce a lot of really good habits. A lot of people complain every now and again that when convicts get out of prison, they're so jacked that they're a bigger trouble for the police. And I hear that, but at the same time, I think letting people and undergo organized physical activity probably let offsets that by making more of them just more likely to be productive citizens and better people. In addition to that, if you're the police, you should be spending a huge fraction for time getting as big, strong, and combat ready as possible anyway. And the ultimate backup, which is taser and handgun. Too much politics for an episode I know, but in all in all, I'm really impressed with people's creativity. I think that while you're being creative, you still need to think about overloads as some exercises look like they're a good idea or underloaded fundamentally. They don't have a lot of tension of the structure. They just don't have enough tension at all and you can't really take them to failure in a rep range that's less than 30. Yeah, learned a lot. Cali muscles the man. He could be a standup comedian anytime. And other than that, you know, I guess I technically was born in the Soviet Union so up until I was seven years old, I live in that prison of sorts. So it's actually fits quite nice. In any case, tell me if I had a blood or a crib with this thing on. I'd be one of the other by this point. Folks, I'm gonna go get stabbed to death and shanked 80 times in a prison gig scenario and I'll see you next time. What the fuck? Woo, that was fun. Many of these people, let's all meet critique them. We'll probably be finding me in the street and stabbing me to death so until I die from eventual street stabbing, maybe this video will keep you company. See you next time.