Oh my god he's still at it. Okay, set of 9 reps, 350, and this is another work set here. Alright, inclined dumbbell press. Unbelievable. Onto flies. This isn't saying. This is how you know you train Chastplot so weak. You're gonna need a week to recover. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for the RP Strength channel. I am a former professor. Exercise and sports science. I was kicked out of the academy. For honestly, they were teaching us to do lightsaber stuff and I just played around too much. Cut some kids finger off. They said you can't come back here anymore. Pretty me up about it. I went got me a Gigi to black belt. And I started competing in bodybuilding, though it's not as cool as the Jedi Academy with which I was formally involved. I think it's pretty neat, but you know what's neater. Getting one of the best chests of all time and then using it to win the Mr. Olympia contest. And if you were a J-Cutler, you did exactly that. Good news, the Discovery Channel and National Geographic paired together drained all of their accounts to create a time machine to throw one videographer back with a camera to film this workouts and the miracles of modern AI and time travel. We now have J-Cutlers Olympia winning chess workout. We're gonna work through it together. We're gonna get nitty gritty. We're gonna talk that shit. And then after that, we're gonna talk more shit, talk shit all the time and tell people realize I only know things about exercise science and nobody else does. The very least I'll make a lot of mistakes. Ready, three, two, one. Giant chest. Okay, so he is doing in-clined barbell bench presses. And J-Cutler at this point muscle size wise and neural preparedness is almost certainly good for multiple sets of five to 10 reps, maybe even more, with four plates on a side. And he's doing one plate on a side, which means this is definitely a warm-up. And he's doing a lot of reps because here's the thing, this is pre-contest for regular folks. Just getting an in-training or for pretty advanced folks that are way in 180 pounds, 200 pounds, et cetera, warm up until you feel ready. And I'll give you a little insider tip, little pro tip. A little bit more warming up, almost always beats a little bit less because safety beats effect. Why? Because safety means you won't get hurt, which means you'll have more effect by having more sessions in succession. Can you grow better from five amazing sessions or eight pretty good sessions? The answer is eight pretty good sessions, but you might knock three sessions off every eight because you're hurt. So this is some insurance policy shift. Let's take a look at these reps. Notice that control close to the chest, even a little pause every now and again, excellent. Okay, so I believe that was Jay's wife at the time. Her name was Carrie, if I read the muscle magazines appropriately. And this is definitely in gold gym loss Vegas, which no longer exists, I don't think. Gold gym's a hair indicator. They call this place the pit. All this equipment work the best. I think they straight up made equipment better in like the 80s than they did a more modern time. So I will say things are very, very much improving. We had it last week, got prime, we got free motion, tons of great companies. And I'll say if you ever go to Las Vegas, don't bother looking for this gym, it doesn't exist anymore. But there are so many unbelievable gyms in Vegas. Now Scott, there's gotta be at least like five gyms. There's just like hornets, nests of pros and them. Yeah, so Vegas is the place to be. And if you have a haircut like Jay Cutler, anywhere is the place to be. Excellent technique. I mean, yeah, that's nowhere close to failure. It looks like, but, 315 for 8, even for Jay Cutler is at least gonna do some maintenance stuff and maybe a little bit of growth. We've got a huge. Okay, set of 9 reps, 315, this is be another work set here. This is a work set. You don't grunt and groan and the bar doesn't slow down for no reason. Jay Cutler's close to failure now. Excellent technique, excellent bar path, full range of motion. You notice his shoulder blades are back. His back is arch just chest is up fully exposing his chest to a deep stretch. And the pause is extra insurance against injury. Bouncing out of the bottom of a big heavy press like that when you're so close to a show is probably gonna be fine but possibly gonna be a real big deal for injury. And so him pausing it reduces those forces at the bottom. It still gets you a lot of tension and time under tension at the bottom, which is really a pretty cool thing. But the peak forces decline, which is probably for the best in this case. That was close to failure. We're up to two worksets now, very good. Scott, you wanna track the worksets here? Excellent. Oh, big man. First of all, this screenshot here looks ridiculous. Scott, do your arms ever look like that when you're benching? I'm sure no. Just like that. Yeah, my legs don't look like that. This is really impressive. This is motivational type of shit. Four repetitions. Let's see these reps that I'll talk to you. Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Hard set. Pride. Two reps and reserve. Very effective when it's four reps because everything in one of those is hyper-trophic. That total tension load on the bars really, really high. On the one hand, this is risky for sure. Because this is lots of weight. On the other hand, a lot of the top pro bodybuilders are very fast-twitch dominant. Larger fractions of their total number of muscle fibers, their muscle cells, are on that faster twitch spectrum of muscle fiber activity, which means they probably benefit from heavier training versus higher rep training a little bit more than the average person. And some high-level bodybuilders report that if in their pre-contest phase, they never get a chance to lift pretty goddamn heavy weights at least a little bit. They lose fullness in size in their muscles. And that is a legit thing that so many people say and it makes some physiological rationale that we have to consider it as a serious hypothesis. And if we put the fact that this is not actually as dangerous because he's quite fatigued for it, it acutely fatigued. And very warmed up and might need that swag feel of heavy weights like a lot of top pros do to make their muscles as full as possible. Then all of a sudden, this doesn't sound crazy. The only great thing about Jay Cutler is that his technique is basically immaculate the entire time. If someone was half-wrap-yoloing this, this would be like really, really not a good idea. This is great technique. So I think all in all the considerations we can take, this is not a complete leans aim practice that is quite sensible. I also say that if your shirt is sufficiently lemon-yellow, you can get away with a lot. Notice Jay is tired as fuck. His technique is undifferentiable. It's the same flawless technique, rep, to rep, to rep, set, to set, to set. This is a professional athlete, folks. Take notes. Now, by taking notes, I mean, just throw away your note pad and your excel sheets. The RP-high-perchrophy app has all of your workouts displayed in one place with guided videos on exercise techniques and a program that evolves to better suit your needs the longer you use the app. All you have to do is follow the plan right on your phone and get the games. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Awesome. All right. So Scott, we're going to count 315, 315, 405, and 225 at the end of the work sets. Four work sets. But let's do a math thing because the first 315 was like, math, let's say it's 3 works sets. 3 works at equivalents. We're rolling. All right. In Klein-Dumbel Press, notice something gorgeous about what Jay is doing here. He is touching the very outside of his pecks. He's not wrapping halfway. He's going all the way out to the outside, which means bigger stretch, which means more growth. Excellent technique. Here is Chester's Archstop, the Bench angle, compensates, his shoulders are back. And honestly, the best part of his technique is at least one of his nipples are out at all times, which I encourage every gym member to try at least once. If you're female, never met a female in real life, but I think it works. Scott, is it the same kind of in a different advice? Then? I mean, nipples out always. Nipples out 24-7, we out here, baby. Folks, there is still more video to come. However, have a member section where you get a longer extended version of this video, tons of nerdy, deep dives, tons of my own training to follow along regularly. Jared Feathers training the whole things in there. Give it a click. Members areas awesome. Otherwise, back to the video. Okay, reps. Attach work, set Scott. Can we get another set here? Oh yeah, that pause. Scott, look at his arms. Hey, and then one more, then this is Big Dumbell's high. Looks like he kept going up through all these sets of saffron, but I couldn't find exact number, but I think they kept trying to count the ring. Big Dumbell, getting heavier. Interesting. Very interesting. Going up. Okay, well, these are all fairly close to failure. And as a matter of fact, his spotter is actually giving some assistance there. So you can technically say, like, these are very close to failure, because he's almost doing force reps, very, very cool. Oh yeah, I forgot from back in the day. Chick-Cultle was on a podcast and he said he never went to failure, essentially a single time in his training. He never trained on purpose to failure. And that hurt a lot of people's feelings because I think a lot of people have spirit animals like Mike Menser, Ronnie Coleman, and Doring Yates that they talk about like failure training makes you a man, and you're a pussy if you don't do it. And these guys are huge, so clearly works the best. And it turns out that stopping a few reps shy failure works just as well as failure training. With a couple of pluses, a couple minuses are kind of evens out. So, you know, Jay-Cultle is not very inspirational on the go-in-a-f failure part. He's insanely inspirational, getting jacked part. So if you're looking for him to go to failure here on anything, it's likely it won't happen. Simply because he was never trying to do that. He was trying to cook the muscle a good bit but not go all the way to the end. So Scott, how many worksets are we at total? So six total worksets. Hard hard sense. All right. Now we're on pecdeck or machine flies. Yeah, machine flies. Very good. Let's see this. Super huge range of motion. Okay, that's definitely a warm-up, not a workset. That's a workset for sure. Yep, he's getting into some pain. I'll call that a workset, maybe half a workset Scott. Yeah, it was tough because they didn't really do a good job in showing his weight in between. Yes. So like sometimes they did a few things to see here but it was tough to do a good job. Yes. Do that stack makes me into stalgicus. I've had some of the best training in the world on stacks like that with some of the numbers missing in shit. I love it. Whoa. Onto flies. This isn't saying. This is how you know you train chest once a week. You're going to need a week to recover from this. Pack flies, phenomenal. Total control, even a little pause at the bottom. Ultra deep stretch. Man, that look like a workset to me. But let's not count it just in case. This is definitely workset. So one workset here. It makes improvements to my chest. The 2003 season. Is it just me or does Jay Cutler sound like John F. Kennedy? Ask not what your pecs can do with a society. But what society can do with all your pectoralist major muscles. And then Scott, you know we did it after? Maryland and Rome. I'm Maine. In the White House office. Oh, really? Hollywood's got so much pressure and he's like, yeah, saying our scam. Scram, saying, did I mess up some decades? Yes. But why did I bring up this such an awkward time to bring up the situation with Maryland? I'll tell you guys why. When I see Maryland and Rome, a picture of Maryland and Rome. I see timeless beauty. And timeless beauty reminds me of love. And love reminds me of a connection so strong that it is almost impossible to break. Which reminds me of Versa grips, which you can tie around the bar for lateral raises for upright rows for rows for stiff leg and that lift and your grip will not fail so your shoulders and your back and your hamstrings can get the best workout so they have ever received. Is it a good idea to nickname your Versa grips when you get them as one as a Maryland and the other when as a Monroe? Maybe. I'm not going to tell you what's right or wrong. But should you also consider when you have a girlfriend or for the six and a half women that follow as channel boyfriend or a lesi friend? Should you use your Versa grips when you're hugging them to stay closely connected to their body? You know because you need to, Scott, you know I'm off. There's a little hug a bit, they love and they're like I'm never going to let you go. You know, say she liked that but if I was a girl I'll be like oh yeah my girlfriend but why aren't you using Versa grips if you really serious about the shit? Fair, how do you answer that one? First of all grips we have a link in the description, go buy them they're amazing and holding the one you love. A close second to Versa grips. You know, even more the pressing movements stuck to a lot of stretching movements such as flies, that cable crossover so I was doing more fly kind of movements in my routine than I do pressing. Lies are great especially for isolated the chest. I will try both and have it even mix in most programs. Works that at another one Scott. Oh my god he's still at it. Now okay this exercise we can call a fly but it's really an exercise called the fly press. We do have it in our RP high-perature fiat with demo. It's when you come down and it's mostly a fly in the descent but at the bottom of the descent you come in a little closer to give yourself a leverage advantage. This is crazy eccentric stretch and then you're able to half press the dumbbells up at a smaller angle which allows you to complete the movement. This is maximizing a stretch adding in heavier weight and a little bit of a press. It's a nuanced technical movement but it's really really good fun if you get into it. Definitely another one. Three Scott. Scott he's still working out. Okay dokey. How many sets are we at currently worksets? 11 worksets. 11 worksets. Okay doke let's see how many more we got. Okay doke. That's it huh? That's all there is. All right. Jay you could have done a few more sets. We're going to be playing that tune with the app. We'll call it one. Okay so adding that up that's 14. 14. What I say eight to 15? Yahoo. If we argue that some of the sets I counted weren't close enough to failure for us internet judges then I'd say the worst case scenario it's eight and if we count some of them as like well really you said half a set but really it's one. Now we're up closer to like 17 18. Somewhere in that 10 to 15 range if you train a muscle once a week is a really awesome amount of sets to do hard working sets and so from Jay Cutler's workout we can take a few really good hints. One is technique is such a goaded thing. Control full range of motion big stretch amazing. Another thing is that volume is king. The end of the day every single study so far done maybe about one. We're talking dozens of studies all lead to the same conclusion. The more sets per week you do close to failure the more you grow as long as you can recover. The upper limit of that still has yet to be determined. There is currently maybe one study that has never been replicated that has seen a decline in hypertrophy at a certain level of volume that was too much. Every other study damn near other than that including studies that worked up to 52 sets per week. Scott they were trying to figure out a number of studies and they just like someone through deck of cards on the table. Oh, holy shit. Those people still grew better than people that did 40 at Ish sets. So we're talking about volume is a big deal of hypertrophy especially if you're already pretty jacked and you want to go to that next level. You have to do it for full body because you probably die trying but any muscle especially that's giving you problems that isn't growing as much as you think it should be more volume increase a few sets here and there every week every week every week until you get to crazy high amount, de-load, start back low and repeat that is how you get good growth and also I'll say this really good warming up to make sure you don't get hurt folks. Jay Colour is the man. He's golden. He's also really really cool human being in real life. He's all around Blossomagus so if you see someone in Las Vegas that looks like Jay Cutler, he's probably Jay Cutler and you can probably talk to him and say very nice things. Scott we got anything else to talk about before we sign off. That's it folks. All right I hope we learned some shit and remember. We rate Jay Colour's chest workout as an 8.5 out of 10. Everything north of 8.5 is a personality stickler bullshit. Everything south of 8.5 is like legitimate critiques and so this workout's great. Great doesn't mean the best it could be. Great doesn't mean you should be copying it. But great means take it everything into consideration and works really well. And that's what I hope will happen to my penis soon. All right that was fun guys if you are desperate and if nothing else to do the fun will continue in this thumbnail right here click on it and maybe your life will be marginally better than otherwise. See you next time.