This is a pr... Haustrous choice for this movement. Only... ...la! Ah, this man is paid by Hollywood people. Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike Isertel. I may exercise in sports science professor at Leeman College in the Bronx in New York City in the United States on planet Earth in the solar system in, uh, I forget which arm of the Milky Way galaxy. And... I'm also a competitive bodybuilder. And the creator of the RPI Purchipy app. And... Today I'm going to look at Bradley Cooper's training for his seminal role in American Cypher. I'm moving it. I really, really like. Let's find out how much science there is and spread the science away from the... ...not science. This is a term for that. It's called BS. I'm Jason Wallace. I'm a trainer in Los Angeles and I get actors ready for Jason Hello. My handsome. What am I saying? I mean it. And we literally have to sit down and figure out what the characteristics are of that role. The variables involved meaning like are they going to be in the desert? Or are they going to be... What? The next skill. You're going to train someone differently because they're going to be in the desert? Does that mean like more unstable training for sleeping on sand? Ah! My brain! They're going to be carrying heavy weight, you know, an extra... ...except of being carrying heavy weight and exoskeleton. You mean like a fucking prop that isn't actually heavy? And how fizzle is the role. But I like how when they said it was a physical role, he zoomed in on a woman in a blue dress, just kind of just jazzing. So physical, watch me move my hips. Believe or not? What we're doing is really helping these guys with character building. I want to enforce that kid. I want them to feel... What we're doing is really helping these guys with character building. When you are training for a acting role, there is scarcely anything inside of a well-air conditioned, Los Angeles private training studio for celebrities is going to help you get into the role of being like a superhero, or a sniper and combat. Anything remotely of that nature, your job's sir is to just get people to look a certain way, and maybe be able to physically perform stunts and other things. But generally a wake, competent, adult humans without any severe injuries can do that second part. The first part is really just all about looks. I want them to feel super free of any type of psychological like hindrances. Psychological like hindrances are such a bad thing. Bradley Cooper came to me through John Cresdenski and he got this big role who 125 pounds military guy, highly respected and decorated. Bradley Cooper, 185 pounds wet, novice, never trained. Okay, so far I'm so old the us senior needs to gain weight. The first eight weeks that we were doing two days. I mean we had a lot. Two a day training to gain weight, curious. Very advanced. Well, I don't want to see what he's doing here. I decided that this was the move, the trap bar deadlift, that we were going to pretty much make the foundation of everything. Okay, so the trap bar deadlift at a off of blocks is a movement that comes close to being the worst possible exercise you can do for putting on lots of muscle safely. Why? It trains so much of the body at the same time that there's no specific muscle it pushes to its limits and thus elicits a lot of muscle growth. The leverage position you're in is to be able to lift the most weight that you possibly can with your body. So in order to stimulate a lot of your muscles so diffusely as to not stimulate any of them really well, you need to impose the maximum amount of spinal loading. And that just seems like a risk reward ratio that doesn't make any fucking sense. In addition to that, by doing only partial reps at the top end of the movement, you were avoiding entirely the deep, painful stretch at the bottom of almost every exercise that causes the most muscle growth. This is a posturist choice for this movement. Holy, la! This man is paid by Hollywood people. There's two variables here that I can play with and that is the range of motion. Yes, you're playing with it wrong. It's safe. And we started a high position. We started a light. Starting in a low position is not unsafe. It just feels it because you're weak. As I see him progressing, it better. We can take those down so we got Bradley really strong. Alright, this could have been worse. He could have just done partial deadlift the entire time. Although really he is doing partial's the entire time. As I still see that it's elevated, Bradley did do the partial deadlift in the movie. I do remember that, as his character. And I've scoffed it at that and I continue to scoff at it now. So it's good that he lowered the range of motion but he would be better off just starting him very deep range of motion. It would have provided more of a muscle growth stimulus so that he could gain more actual muscle and less other stuff that we're not interested in getting. We actually ended up towards the end of it lifting little over 425 pounds. Or 25, that's good. From an elevated position, I don't know how elevated it was. It's good. It's not amazing but that the three cheers for Bradley Cooper and trainer. That's very impressive. You cannot fake the way 400 pounds feels when you lift it off the ground. Good news, it didn't lift it off the ground in the movie or in the scene. Who says shit like this? He would come in in the morning, 6am. He would train for an hour or a half. He would go home and recover. He would come back. We'd do a lot of the volume training and the afternoon. He'll as the first training for if the volume training, less of guys. I could call myself an expert on muscle growth and that would be accurate. That's me being cocky. The volume training or training the muscles with this efficient stimulus in order to get them to grow, is the onlyest type of training that you need to put on muscle size for a Hollywood role. And the other training you're doing is interfering with that. If you go at home and recovering for the actual important workout later, you could just start it with the important workout and recover the rest of the day and make plenty of food and gain all that weight. He didn't need to get ripped. He needed to get big. And that's a big difference. Not a big difference. The training is almost exactly the same. The diet is the difference. There's no way in how that guy was going to eat as many calories as he needed to put that kind of mass on. So we had to drink the calories. So I just progressed it week by week to take the calorie intake week one at start of 2000. I think somebody like Bradley Cooper size probably eats more than 2000 calories anyway. So it was a deficit week one week two, 2500 calories. It's probably more like maintenance for him week three at 3000 is probably a slight surplus. Week four at 3500 is a very good surplus. He should have just been doing that the entire time. And week five, but 4000 is probably just putting out a lot of fat and not much more muscle than 3,500 would. That's my best guess. Week six, 4,500 to just make you feel like shit and get even fatter. Amazing. Okay, so we got a little bit of insight on mostly just the partial deadlift that was happening there with the hex bar. Terrible movement for hypertrophy. Maybe one of the worst. I did lower the range of motion in the end and I was starting to feel it. And he said picking up 400 pounds off the ground which never happened once. I don't know much about the training plan because the training plan was never displayed just said volume work. The diet was funky. I just want Hollywood people to know that there are like infinitely more qualified people. And not to take anything away from the gentleman that is the trainer. I'm sure he has great success in his all and Hollywood chip like that. But folks go to school and learn things. Please watch our videos. Watch anyone's videos. Learn stuff. 4 out of 10 out of the kindness of my heart for that workout scene. American Cypher is great. I'll see you guys next time.