I don't want F***ing egg whites. I want as many nutrients. Not that bullshit. And I don't really track anything. I'm learning so much. You learn a lot of stuff. Yes. Whatever's in this container of meat, I don't give a f***ing mean the whole thing. Someone looks at your body at the gym. Do you kind of look like shit? You're like, well, it's interesting. My philosophy is, I don't give a f***ing. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, who'd you learn that from? You're trying twins? Well, how come they look great? It's not the trend. Anyway, moving on. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I've been a long time professor of exercise and sports science. I have a Brazilian Jutsu blacky-bale treat as they say in Brazil. Brazilian's? All of them are speckled right. And what is it that they do? Something to do with bodybuilding. That's right. And apparently, there are other fitness influencers and major fitness youtubers. Then myself, I thought I was the only person. I thought that I invented YouTube, but my skits of frontier aside, let's examine some big name YouTubers diets. And see if we can't cock a little shit. Maybe even learn a teeny bit on the way. Three, two, one. YouTube fitness diet influencers. Let's get to it. So breakfast is going to be the remainder of this gallon of whole milk. And then I'll get a one of the six pack varieties of a crispy cream. So a normal one can jelly-filled. You get the idea. I can imagine one donut. He's like, well, you know, there's other ones too. You know, donut stuff. I'll add up all the macros. I'll keep a count. Either up here or up here somewhere. Got it. 29 grams of protein. 107 grams of fat. 243 grams of carbohydrate. 2,051 total calories. So what's good about this? What's bad about this? What's bad about this is that 29 grams of protein is an insufficient amount per meal to maximize anabolism and somebody's that's sam's size and grug status. So being that he's on a little bit of gear. And being that he's young and healthy and growing. You know, something to the tune of 50 grams of protein per meal would be possible to maximize anabolic response. Also with 107 grams of fat in the equation, 243 grams of carbs. So the solonus of the release of the digestion products into the bloodstream means that per unit of time for the minutes and hours after each is meal. The amount of protein that leaches in and amino acids that each in eventually gets to the muscles actually very, very small. So for a meal with this many calories, 2000 calories. And this much fat and carbohydrate, I would actually probably double the protein in order to get it to be enough protein. So that the over time leaching into the amino acids of the blood is sufficient, which means like, Yemen, like 100 grams of protein would be good. 200 grams isn't good enough when it comes to my dieting. That's style, but maybe theory. If you could call that calories is the number one factor on our percent. So true. It's two things control. A seven year 80 percent of diet outcomes, especially for body composition gaining muscle and losing fat total calories and enough protein. The ratio of carbohydrates to fats means something it matters, but much less. And then the digestion speed means something it matters, but even less so. And the micronutrient content generally, they amount of fiber, fight of chemicals, vitamins, minerals, etc. How healthy the food is, matters for long-term health, but it matters for short-term losing fat or gaining muscle, much much much less. It's important, especially the long-term. But if you have a day where you're like kind of out and about and everything's kind of, you know, chaotic, grabby some genius shots and get yourself enough protein, make sure to get enough calories from anything you can find, and you're all the way to 70 or 80 percent of knocking out your day. And you don't have to have the exact prepackaged broccoli chicken rice meals or whatever. Why am I putting my foot down on that? First of all, Kassam is completely correct, respect or it's due. And people will not be able to get their perfect meals in and they'll just like abandon ship, like I'm traveling today. And they'll have like a cookie and later three slices of pizza and they'll pass out in their own vomit. And you're like, you could have just had enough protein and just whatever calories that came in and gotten 70 or 80 percent of the way there. You know what I'm saying? It's a big deal. And if you've been to school before, you know how much, like let's say you have 10 quizzes during a semester. A zero on a quiz really drags your grade down. A 75 percent on a quiz if all of them are A's other than that. Man, like it barely affects anything. So, you know, your result of a, you know, 15 week fat loss diet or muscle gain diet is kind of like a semester long grade. And if you're aiming for an A or A minus on your diet results, you can deal with a bunch of days in there that is zeroes where you didn't get enough calories in or way too many, depending on the context. And you're really undershot your protein, those zeroes affect your results a lot. And obviously, all you can do is pick back up and do your best, but the shit has an effect. Whereas if you got enough protein and roughly hit somewhere within 500 calories of your goal, man, like that's basically a win. It's not a capital W win, lower K-sw win, but they all add up. So it's a big deal to remember that Samsung is totally correct. You get enough calories. You attend to your protein. Should you concern yourself about the other stuff if you have the bandwidth absolutely? With the RP Diet Coach app, we have meals all planned out for you. We have exact macros per meal and calories and protein all accountants for us. If you want that next level, um, uh, RP Diet Coach app, link in the description, all that stuff. It's great. I use it every single day of my life. You want that level of precision. You got it. But if you're traveling with your RP Diet Coach app, for example, it has the flexibility to allow you to plug anything in that you want. And if you just want a shoot for calories and protein, it will let you do that 100%. So don't feel like you need to get your diet perfect, but at the same time, if you're at home and you're eating, you know, four or five square meals per day, Yeah, they should be healthy and the right macros and good timing because that makes a difference. But if you can't do that, just remember calories and protein make most of their friends anyway. Cromble cookies. Scott, are these our friends the trend balloon twins? Hey, hey, contraend twins. We have them. It is a welcome sign. My guys, they're looking jacked. They're looking Italian, tan. I love it. Let's hear some shit. Hey, hey, how f*** are you? Cromble cookies, sushi, processed foods, seed oils. Define me and think if you want to get jacked. Woo! Especially seed oils they get you gone. I love it. Seed oils below that sugar, then maybe some anovar. Breakfast, some just focus on nutrients. What else would you be focused on in breakfast? Maybe taste. I mean different fruits, beef and shit. I guess the two important food we're providing for our beef and shit. I've eaten plenty of shit to get jacked, so I can relate. I don't want f***ing egg whites. I want as many nutrients. Good shit for my body's possible. Gee butter is a choice of lubricant, not that bullshit. Whoa, they went off-leak Caucasian with that, right? It's not, Scott isn't ghee butter something you buy after you have a retreat in Nepal and you discover your inner child. Yeah, like every you like top of ghee has like a mixture of mountain and on birds flying. Yes. Yes, you're liberated. $9.99 for two ounces of ghee. Wow, they're f***ing whole foods. Ugh, dude, these guys got big arms, man. How much ghee do I need to eat to look like that? That's the way he is just buttered. Yeah, so fancy white people turn for butter that they rip you off on at the store. Not that bullshit, and I don't really track anything. I'm learning so much. If you learn a lot of the trouble. Yes. Okay. Well, look, their arms speak for themselves. Whatever's in this container of meat, I don't give a f***ing mean the whole thing. Someone looks at your body at the gym. They're like, do you kind of look like shit? You're like, well, it's interesting. My philosophy is, I don't give a f***ing. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, who'd you learn that from? You're trying twins? Well, how come they look great? It's not the trend. Anyway, moving on. Got the fruit, then yet any oxidants, then you know you got the avocado with the sourdough. Oh, then he's like, do treasure shit. Just put the f***ing meats in. And a minute later, he's like, ah, antioxidants. Some shit we're supposed to learn about at school. I don't know, green shit. It looks great, man. They're, they're yolks look so orange. Which white people tell me is like, a good thing or something. I'm not sure about that. So I would know bread, the eggs, the full of me know, complex. I'm sorry, why? Yes, complex. He's not raw, he's not raw. I'm just talking that shit. And no utensils. Scott, if I had, if aliens came to Earth and they told you, listen, we are going to give the earth Life Saving AI Technology to make everyone bloom and prosper. Or if you don't do what we ask, we're going to just nuk the earth right now. And your job Scott the video guy is to make Mike miserable. I have a cheat sheet for you. Shotgun sound transition emojis. RPF Richard Fiat comes with dozens of pre-made programs from two days of training per week all the way up to six days of training. With specialized programs included for shoulders, arms, chest, back, legs, abs, and glutes. Each one with male and female options. You get them all and can use them as often as you like, even building off of them to make your own customized version for only about a dollar a day. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. What's wrong with me? Why do I hate the TikTok transition noise so much? Is it an autism thing? Is it like noise pollution for me? Coffee number one. And in case you missed that, it came with a ding. Look. I like that. Linguish patty just funny. I love random cough. Who a satanic number of calories? I love it. Six, six, six, eight grams of carbs. Thirty grams of fat. Fifty grams of meat. This is really good meal. A lot of people don't mess with calories cheese. Often I hate calories cheese. What do you think about calories cheese? I will never put it in my glass. It's garbage. It's like if you digested actual cheese and threw it up, it would be cottage cheese. And I think that's how cottage cheese is made. My girlfriend is all tired. I don't even want to be in the room. My wife eats it all the time and I'm like, I've actually scoled it for her and threatened physical violence before. That's how she broke two of my fingers. It's great if you blend it. It's great. Hey Scott, you ever tried blending your own vomit? Time to shout out and our delicious, lunch meal, which is peppers. I don't eat peppers. And almost any occasion, especially if they're caught up in ricks or other foods, yes, that is clinical grade autism. Two hundred ninety-one calories, twenty-four grams of carbs, some grams of fat, thirty-and-a-three. Do you lean beef patty is knocking these macros out of the park? She's eating really healthy foods. She's doing the thing. She's for sure so far, like best fitness influencer diet. Not bad. All right. I'm back. Scott, there's a cat on her um, counters, kitchen counter. Uh, Oops. Scott, who improved? I mean, absolutely not, but lean beef. Lean beef. She doesn't look good. That's how she lives. Not my house. Not no, no. Well, you've drowned a few cats in your house. So you guys are crazy hack. One scoop. Now water. Just a little bit. A little bit. Ice cream. Yeah. Okay. I thought she was making way protein pudding, which sucks. Um, but it works for macros. And I'm getting ice cream. Okay. Interesting. I try not to demonize foods too hard because this ice cream was like, uh, is the cat the next ingredient? What? One can only hope. Blender, cottage cheese, cat. We'd wait a row in some cat. Folks, there is still more video to come. But if you're a fan of coming, you can do a whole lot of that in our member section. So you can subscribe to that. Extra duration triple x rated versions of these videos. A ton of other content by self training, gearing training tons of science, stuff and a whole lot of fun fun fun. Give that a click and back to the video. For an eight or nine bucks, which is really expensive. And not everybody has eight or nine bucks. Did that really happen? Yes. Cheese. That cat really hated being put down. Or did she put it into a blender and was at the cat blender sound? I think it's fine to enjoy ice cream, even if it's not, you know, like three ingredients. Patty preached that ship. For a young girl who looks like she was transplanted from the early 80s, t-shirt hair, glasses, and everything, you're making some really good points. I've been bulking for this entire year straight, an actual proper bulk with optimized training and impression. And I've made the most gains that I've made in years. You've probably heard that the heavy bulking that bodybuilders do is outdated bro science. But a lot of people still do them. They show that even a 5 to 10% coloric surplus is enough to give your body the resources that it needs to lay down new muscle tissue. Scott, when Canada defeats the United States in armed combat, anyone who says resources will be executed on the spot, you will be made to say resources. And your skeletal system will be replaced with a skeletal system. I love it. I can't get enough of it. So Jeff is saying that even 5 to 10% surplus over long term can give you all your muscle gains that you need with minimum fat gains. He's completely correct. So I used to do Super Bowl X all the time. All I got from it was the need to do cosmetics surgery because my fat ass got so fat it couldn't get unfatted again. This is why shit. Jeff is usual knows a stuff. I wish massive surpluses were required because then it would be yellow every day. But it turns out the downside is that you shouldn't be all the time. A few days here in there is totally fine. The upside is if you are having trouble blocking, you've been lucky for a while, you're in a quite big. You don't have a very big hunger response. You don't have to stuff yourself like crazy. So if you normally maintain at 3000 calories, just eating 3300 calories per day. But for months on end, is going to get you as jacked as anything else. Which is really good news because I used to push into the 4,400 calories and you get there faster. But the VAERS just you being fat around us healthy. When you maintain my weight at around 2800 calories per day. If I eat 2800 calories, I don't gain weight and I don't lose weight. So when I bolt, I simply increase my calories by 5 to 10% up to around 3000 calories per day. And I'll adjust those calories up or down, depending on if I'm gaining too fast or too slow. Smart, smart, Jeff is the man. At 1 pm, I have my pre-workout meal, which is 100 grams of lean ground turkey, Jasmine rice, Greek yogurt, shredded cheese, dusse, saracha or dusse, saracha. Yeah. At Kiwi, and 100 grams of blackberries. This is so far goaded diet. This is like the clearest of season diet ever. After this meal, I have a pre-workout supplement and then I train about an hour or later. After training, I have a protein shake and an evening. My diet becomes a lot more flexible. Sometimes I order a pita or a burrito. Orger a pita. Did he miss pounds pizza or is he actually ordering me to the least. food. It would be so refined of Jeffrey to order a pito, wouldn't it? Yeah. Sometimes I get sushi or Thai food, but it's often chicken, a date of sour cream, and broccoli with a side of roasted sunflower seeds for healthy fats. Are we inclined to believe that he individually grabs one seed of the time? This is a little more of a deal of oil. Eat that slow. Then before bed, it's Greek yogurt, honey, and peanut butter with a side of popcorn. Ah, man, this is a really awesome diet. It hits every single thing you would expect a perfectionist like Jeff to hit. This is goals. And they can't critique this in any way. Whatever this is awesome. If I have any calories left over, I'll usually have something sweet, like some candy or chocolate. Again, when you track your macros, you can be a lot more flexible with the foods you eat. Yeah, Jeff, you're real flexible eating almost exactly like a contest bodybuilder, plus or minus a few macros. I kid, I kid. But like, Scott, how many times have you had like five Swedish fish and called it a day? Never. I need three bags. I also can't stand you to the candy, but if it's chocolate, I need the cases. You can even eat some junk food as long as it fits in your daily totals. Yeah, if most of your food is really healthy like Jeff's was, a little bit of junk food, totally awesome. That was really awesome, Scott. Awesome, Jeff. Very classic. Today I'm going to be getting into my book. Oh, look, a gentleman I met in prison, Chris Haria. Excellent. Do my personal diet, what I eat and why I'm eating it, but before we get into what I'm doing. Scott, look at him. You made that? Yes, he's so beautiful. Abs, the tell me he's hard. The tattoo is the tell me he's a really hard. And the gorgeous face and perfect hair, the tells me, maybe he's soft. In a way, there are only two men touching with no about what? Yes. So my goals are to stay lean and strong so I can build muscle and strength simultaneously while improving athleticism. And by increasing my weight and muscle mass more gradually, I'm allowing my ligaments and tendons more time to grow stronger to support the added weight and muscle. This is a very big deal for Calstonx athletes and gymnasts and folks like that is if they throw off their bodyweight by even a few pounds in a week. Their movements are going to feel really shitty. And if you're doing all this really crazy bodyweight stuff, just a few extra pounds per week of a bloat that you maintain for a week and train through. Can put a lot of undustressed on your joints and really set you back a little bit. So folks like this usually benefit from eating in a way that doesn't skyrocket their bodyweight, but maybe gains them like a quarter or a third of a pound per week for a few weeks. Their body gets used to it. Everything goes well. Then they might die at some of that off. It's a really smooth, sloping patterns and I'm getting more muscular over time. If you're a bodybuilder, a powerlifter, you can gain a little bit faster because you don't have to have this crazy crazy bodyweight reference performances all the time. Now whether I'm trying to build muscle or burn fat, I protein intake never really changes. It's always going to stay around 170 grams. I bet you weighs around 170 pounds smart stuff. And for carbs depending on my activity, it can range anywhere from 70 to 170 grams per day. That's pretty low, Huscott. Yeah. It's pretty good. His calories are. His calories total comes off. It's a grease and piezer. Interesting. Now for fat, I stick to healthy fats and I have about 40 to 70 grams per day. Now total for the entire day eating just breakfast, lunch and dinner. That's going to be 2001 calories. 75.9 grams of fat. 161.9 grams of carbs and 176.3 grams of protein. It's really good for like kind of more of a contest prep vibe for him. Interesting. Maybe he has a very slow metabolism or something like that. But typically that's not enough calories for people of a hundred and seventy pound weight to gain on. If you're 170, you're gaining on something like. 2500 to 3000 calories in most cases. So yeah, he said it first himself. Don't copy his diet just take away the principles which are super awesome. All right. Sam Suhook gets a vibes out of 10. I just want to be like Sam and every way if I could be inside of Sam that would be even better. In that way and even just in his skin. The trend wins. They're just living their best lives perfectly aware of it. Lean beef pad isn't she great. Great diet. Great thoughtfulness. Very similar to Mr. Jeff Nippert in the balance super healthy but occasional smack type of stuff. Then I miss someone. Jeff Nippert. 10 and a 10. Jeffrey never misses. And then Mr. Chris Haria. Very healthy. Very well balanced. Very thought out diet. I love the snack option. The asterisk there and he said it himself was don't copy the diet. If you weigh 170 pounds and you want to get jacked. Try to eat. Chris Haria's diet. When you almost never be an up losing weight. Start to bump up your calories that you're gaining again. All great stuff. Wacky. To very conventional. Not so spot on with the science all the way to Jeff Nippert. There's something to learn from everyone. And if you guys want another full day of eating from me. Fuck all of you. We're never doing that content again because it's terrible. But if you're really insist we'll do it again and I'll just be miserable. So if you want a full day of eating from me again. Tell us in the comments below. And otherwise we'll see you next time. Alright, that was fun. It's got me so pumped to hashtag diet with my hashtag friends that hashtag influence more hashtags. Check out this video right here. Make it way you look before.