You're gonna see how many push-ups you could do on one minute, how many do you think you could do on one minute? Zero. I'm gonna do 265 push-ups. You're a lot? I'm bold. Bold claim, Mr. Kevin Harg. Lots of find out what a push-up means. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. I am the creator of the RP-I-Purter-Fee app, which there's a link to in the description if you want to buy stuff. Get me richer. And I'm also an exercise and sports-hides professor at Lehman College in the Bronx, in New York City, in the United States, in the world. And it's a world which happens to be co-occupied by Mr. Kevin Hart, comedian, actor, and person who lifts. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. I didn't know I could do that for that long. Let's find out if his lifting is either amazing, good, okay, terrible, or the worst thing that's ever happened. Lots go. But it's not about me today, it's about you. But it's giving you some tips, things to do at home. That's some nice. I hope the tips work out. So the first move we're going to go through, is the man-makers, right? Man-makers, man-makers. The man-maker is technically extensive transgender surgery in our model treatment. Boy, are we stocked off heavy today? Just being tactical. Scott, watch. Saying his name and being. You're down in a stance, right? And you're here. You're going to go push up. Oh, God, this shit again. Folks, if you try to maximize your ability to have a bigger, more muscular bicep form, back of your dealt, and your entire back, rolling out of a weird three-quarter push-up position is not the bees' knees. It also prevents you from getting a really good stretch at the bottom. I would much rather see this done. That dumbbell row style where you bend over, and getting it to hips, and then row, just do your push-ups. And when you get really tired and stop, take 20 or 30 seconds, work it out, grab the dumbbells, hinge, and then do some rows, and you get all the benefits. You don't have to combine a bunch of exercises into one. I found I was always trying to get one exercise that does it all. That's like putting ice cream into your pasta. For the love of fucking God, just eat your pasta in a year ice cream. Sometimes mixing shit just kind of makes both things worse. You know, like alone girls that I think are pretty seem nice. But when I get around, then they spray me with mace, they yell at me, they kick me in the balls, and not the consensual kind. So maybe I'm just, that's supposed to be mixing with other humans. Hmm. Back to the video. Let's go. Eight of them. Eight. You don't make any noise when you do it. Man, make us are you a man? Oh, damn. He's really getting after it, holy shit. I'll be afraid of my trainer. What you're guessing is a good thing. I am a man. Let me see you a man. Let me see. They're like a little boy to me. Whoa. Keep your back flat. Don't rotate. There you go. Ooh. Say it again one time. Whoa. Two. Ooh. Hey, hey, stop playing. Damn. The camera hard is trained as probably tough, because he's so funny. He throws you off your game all the time. But like, I'm trying to be tough with you, God dammit. Shut the f*** up, stop making me laugh. Two. Both got some mistakes. Because it's called working out. Two. Oh, damn, look at that pit sweat. You know he's serious. OK, here we go. Now we're going to go into a dumbbell front squats. Which is good for your back. Make sure that you don't bend over. Good for your core is good for activation. Well, you already know what I think about core activation. I don't know what it is. And why people keep talking about it. Front squats are definitely good for training your entire core back in front. So gentlemen here, the personal trainer, he's nothing correct about that. But the main target, if you believe me, if I told you, is the legs. It's actually the legs. Right here, Kiff. I want you to do 12. If you're going to keep your elbows locked in, you're going to squat, keep your chest up. And you're going to go 12. Yeah, I would much prefer he takes the dumbbells and as in our our painstructional videos, puts them like this on top of a shoulders. That way with just a gentle push, most of the load is taken in through your shoulders. If you're top and curling, if you tilt over even a little bit, it's going to start to unravel. And it really turns into like a really difficult bicep and shoulder exercise. Mine or critique, but nonetheless, I think we're sharing with you guys. Based on the way my legs look, because they're kind of small. You would think I don't work my legs. But I do. They how racial are we allowed to get here, Scott? Zero. Zero racial. Ha ha ha. People of West African ancestry typically have smaller calves because through their evolutionary lineage, they're optimized to run and jump better, which actually means that your calves should be mostly tendon to get that bounce to react to force. And so if you're black and you have small calves, you've got an uphill battle coming your way. But good news, the rest of you was born perfect. Start later, you want to get up? Ah, Kevin. You see how we ignores all of his trainer's cues like bowling over it, his back failing to activate his core, not going sufficiently deep. Though he does have some pretty impressive calves, I must say. Whoa, defeat a turn too far out. There you go, keep your chest up. See how he's bending? Keep your chest up, there you go. The trainer, excellent critiques so far. One active, eight to core. All right. But what's the next one? There's no way that this filming involved Kevin Hart actually training. Because I literally think he did three reps. And I was like, f*** that camera guy, maxed. We're going to go through 21s. But I saw a metric hole on the curls. You know, it's curl, 7. I saw a metric hole right here. 7. And I want you to do 21. I didn't do 21, because we only got enough time for you to do 21s. The ice-thometric hold is a good way to waste a lot of energy, just curl up and down, folks. Quick in the assent, slow and controlled into the assent. Full range of motion every time and repeat. You don't have to make things fancy. Holding in the middle for no f***ing reason, holding and doing this. It's wasting more energy than it's giving you muscle stimulus. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro bodybuilders? The most effective muscle growth training I've ever made. Get yours now. And we go out here right now. We'll do it. I submit the hold and we'll do it. Why do you think I talk like that? I'm texting. I don't take this. I don't take this. Okay. And then taking me. I know what the truth. I love right there. Kevin Hart should be curling deeper. I hate to interrupt a comics routine, but this is no good. We want this full extension. That's real. I'm not trying to move. I'm not trying to move. I'm not trying to move. I'm not trying to move. I'm not trying to move. I'm not trying to move. I'm okay with the way I talk. Do you have to be confident in who you are? I love the trainer. I'm going to see how many push-ups you could do in one minute. How many do you think you could do in one minute? Zero. I could do 265 push-ups. You're a lot? Both. Both claim Mr. Kevin Hart. That's find out what a push-up means. Clock-stop and I'm ready. Not terrible. He can go slower. He can go lower. He can pause at the bottom. But his range of motion isn't awful. 15, 20, 5, 6, 7, 8. I mean, even counting by five is he's probably not going to make it to 265. 42, 43. 43. 50. Comment up. 4, 100 guys. 50. That's all. I'm going to be on the home. Finish your full minute, please, because he stopped at 58 seconds. What? Damn. Zero respect is the number one requisite for being a good personal trainer. Because you might be something out there in the world. When you come to the gym, I'm going to shed all over you. Because you need reality to strike. If you don't do everything right, you boys yelling here. I love this fucking trainer guy. I want his number. Not just calling him or texting him in the middle of the night, make it picks. I want to rule that out. Let me just chain or talk. You know, like, make it picks in the middle of the night. I'm not really sure what that is. It's like, hey, pretend to be a beetle that's clinging onto a window for dear life. Go, there are two contexts in which this makes sense. You're a beetle clinging for dear life on a window. Or you are an adult dancer at Magic City in Atlanta. There's no one between. Oh, shit. All right, that's dope. I would love to see Kevin really stretch out at the bottom of each repetition. But he's got that chain on. I don't know if that's just like modern African American fashion. Or if that is really a way to chain either way. It's impressive. Another thing is he's got his legs out in front of him, which is extra fucking hard and really makes this impressive. Kevin Hart's the real deal in the gym. Also, look at that bulge. I got this guy. He's got the video guy. Did you notice that? Or is that just me again? Kevin Hart, you might be four foot six, but there's two of you in there that are four foot six. Who around the world? This is cool. This is cool. It's dynamic. It's fun. Yeah, no hate on this exercise. Woo, roll out. This is brutal. This is actually a fucking phenomenal exercise. And it is exactly as phenomenal as it is embarrassing because you realize you're not nearly strong as you thought you were. The fact that you have to roll the plate out means it makes you do the centric, the lengthening part of the contraction slowly. If you do it quickly, the thing will just roll out and you're falling your face. This is actually an unbelievably excellent way to challenge yourself and it'll f**k your abs up like you wouldn't believe. I'm all for this exercise. This is f**k it really, I'm stuff. I don't know what this is. I don't know why his hands are behind his head. This is a single leg press. It's on one of those life fitness leg press machines, which suck because the range of motion at the bottom is f**k dick. If you're strong enough, you just get shot out of that chair. So whoever made that machine, you've done better things with your life, I hope. I'd like to see him get a lot deeper on this and slower and more control and actually hold the handles. They're there for a reason. Yeah. Yeah, whatever the f**k that is, Dildo Rose. I like to be able to really pull on a, well, this is called what it is, a cock. And ideally, I'd like to pull on two cocks at the same time. But this is nothing in the gym. They can really replicate that a weight. Throw these towels around this bar and you got yourself f**k specific workout. Pull them close to me, never push them away, ever. Free cocks are always a blessing. Um, f**k. Alright, if you guys like that, we have an extended cut in our member's section, which requires you to pay money. I know, paying money is bad, but laughter is good. So is learning. Check out a member's section and then you'll have some fun. Kevin Hart now recovers from back surgery. Oh, I didn't know that. Holy shit. My back injury can be never ending and everlasting, depending on how you handle it, and how you treat the recovery process. Oh, it's a men's health video, prepare for terrible. You know, even now, I can't go and run three miles. I can't. The reality behind that is you're still healing. And you have to understand it. That's a process. Respect. This is good. He'll probably make a really good physical therapy patient because a lot of the worst patients are people that don't have patients erotically. And they'll rush and get re-injured and they just never kind of zone in to be like, you know what, I'm going to do this in a great slow ramp up. And I don't care how long it takes. And those people are often successful. So if you ever get hurt in the gym or outside the gym and you have to do physical therapy, even if you do it by yourself, take it smooth and take it slow and be patient. That'll pay huge dividends. There's an award you win for coming back so fast that you get hurt again. And I can't forget what it's called. Oh, yeah, that's an exist. So I can say, that's the toughest thing. I lost 17 pounds. I lost 17 pounds. I was in the hospital. All muscle mass, whatever it is that I had, was definitely going. Losing 17 pounds of muscle sucks. The benefit of losing 17 pounds, however, is that if you eat well and you start training with weights, you can get back a crap load of muscle really, really fast. Your muscles have a muscle memory of sorts. You'll get back your old size quite quickly, especially once you're able to train hard. And you can get really, really lean because if you stay the same weight at the hospital, but you lose muscle and you gain fat, you gotta lose that fat and then regain the muscle. But if you lose weight total, that means you didn't really gain much fat. You lost a bunch of muscle. As you gain your muscle again, you're going to be really, really sharp at the end of that process. So, a bit of a silver lining. Literally, as I was going through physical therapy, I started to see myself get back to a place of positive weight. A place of positive weight. That's a big positive and that helps me balance the things that are tough to me to be able not to do now. That was nice, Scott. Thanks for putting that in there. Good mindset, shit. Mindsense, shit. I love it. We're going to do some moves out here. We can use a tire. I love it. Training on the farm. Top of the thing right here. You can move. Boom. All right. That's cool. Jumping around, stuff. You'll get the blood flowing. Not exactly the best workout for looking better, but get your move in and it's healthy. Good for you. Good job. Good job. You can do this at home. You can play with the kids while you're doing this. How the f*** would you do that? Guess getting the kids involved, huh? I'm not legally around to be allowed to be around children. We're mentioning them. Ooh. So, here's what I want you to do. I want you to do a flip. Okay. Flip. Control. Let it drop. Hop to it. Come in back. Flip it. For 30 seconds. Hop through. This is cool stuff to get a little work. I didn't get the blood flowing. I guess not going to make you jacked or lean or look much better. But it's fine and it's healthy and just the whole family you do it. I don't know. I ran out of positive shit to say. This sucks. Last moving on, dude. I'm going to see if you can hold his hay barrel. Hold it. Hold it. So what we used to do. Hey, what? Hey, bearer. Kevin Hart's like, I thought that was called bail of hay, not a barrel. But, all right. This face right there says it all. My man. But I want you to do it. I just want you to walk this around like this. This is all classic strong man training. Some of my favorite training is strong man training. I like to call it strong man, SNM for short. You feel on the blanks at home and it really mean. It's training in a certain sense. I mean, told what especially not to do, and that I'm pathetic. Good times. Dad, shut, always eat knowledge, God damn, hey. Yeah, show you walk around. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Why you eat so much in his head? Come on, bro. Guys call him for my cares. Well, now we got to get him out of here. One more time, bro. All right. What is the point of this movement? Is it to expand calories? Maybe? Is it to have fun being active? Sure. Is it to optimize your physique for Hollywood? No. No, it's not. Guys, what's on the third doesn't need to be said. This was us and the outdoors on a farm. Puttin' these great objects to use. Yeah. Kevin Hart. And Hart. hilarious. Impressively strong and jacked. Excellent mindset for recovering from back injury. And his trainers not have that either. But like most trainers, we'll have their client do some rather random things to be around with. I give the trainer and his Texas accent. I tend to have 10, I give Kevin Hart and 11 out of 10 for comedy. And I give most of the workouts here. It's called Saffin' out of 10, 8 out of 10. Pretty good. Just could use a little bit of optimization here and there. And that's it. See you guys in a farm in Texas. Peace. All right. If you liked that, you two things you might like this video that I'm ostensibly pointing to. Now, mind you, there's no video here when I'm pointing to it. It's quite strange for me. But for you, I'm sure this will all make a lot of sense.