Dude, her trap and doubt game is like at a thousand. Leem beef patty is the perfect sleeper jacked. You would see her little hoodie at the movies and you'd be like, that's a fitness person. Then she just flexes her hoodie comes off and she's like, look at me. I'm the movie now. You're not watching Shrek 3 anymore. You're looking at me, lean beef patty. Why? Because, nah. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I'm a former professor of exercise and sport science. It Brazilian Jutsu Black Belt and a competitive bodybuilder. And also someone who really struggles to make sense of the world around him every day and isn't Sector Therapy. But enough about me, I was sitting at home alone as a typical my wife has out with, again, Scott, some guy named Jamal. She says is an assistant from work. He's helping her plug-up a couple of loose ends. And she's on a cruise. Yeah, she's on a cruise with him now. And so I was home alone and I get a direct message on Instagram. And I'm like, oh my God, it's from Leem beef patty. So I click on it and she's a hey Dr. Mike. You ain't shit. And I was like, Leem beef patty, someone stole your phone. This can't be you. She's like, it is me. And by the way, I bet you won't never review another video of mine with me lifting and you'll never praise if my technique is good or bad or how you can add to it because you suck. And I was like, you know, Whitley and beef, I don't have to put up with this, but I believe in myself. She's like, you're not going to watch you do nothing about this. And then I tried to hit her up, but she blocked me on social media. So Leem beef, I got balls today. We're going to critique your videos again. And this time I'm going to say, mean crazy shit that'll get us both canceled. How's that possible again? Another person canceled. Oh, well, well, we have leaked emails, you guys. Scott, we have leaked emails. Oh, all right. But we could, we could at the very least, we're going to look at Leem beef patty's training and see what kind of whatever she calls training. Leem beef patty, hey, if you're listening to this, the war has just been brought to your front door. I didn't mean to rhyme that. Maybe I'm a rapper. Let's go. Starting off with the best, glute building. Demolial exercises. It's reverse deficit lunges. So this is how I like to set it up. This is for support. You don't need it. I need the support. I need all the support I can get, baby. You know, nothing wrong with that. Emotional supports what I need. And all of your comments are usually just making fun of me. So it's not helping. Guys, if you can get in the comments right now and tell me something nice, it doesn't even have to be about me. Just be like, did you know that at Guana's live two times longer than other lizards? I'm not sure if that's true, but it's nice to hear. It's inspirational. Please help me. This is the supporting hand. This is the working leg. And then stepping off, off that, stepping. That looks really cool. This is excellent technique as usual from Mrs. Leem beef patty. The support is really swell. As a lot of you're not like just pulling on that thing as hard as possible and using it at a relatively honest way to just make sure that you can be stable, the added stability is a big deal. Because every time you become more stable in your movements, your ability to activate larger portions of your muscles and thus grow more increases substantially. So if you're really wobbly, it's not the best thing in the world. If you're stable, just with one hand, then you're in a really, really good place. Looks like fully inaction with a dumbbell. Look at that control. I love it. The gentle touch of the knee. Some people do lunges and they're like, look. I want bigger glutes, yes, but I'm also lazy and careless. So what I'll do is as soon as I drop into that eccentric, I'm gonna break my knee into the ground as hard as humanly possible. Some people say, like, you can hurt your knee. I probably said that before. I was wrong. You know, you're knee hitting and into a patded surface. And if you are, you had to come in your made of in glass. It does rob you of extra tension. Your muscles could be generating because you're getting the rebound out with the knee. So that gentle, slow approach is a really, really swell idea. And also, Scott, is this lean beef patty quirkiness or are we all supposed to wear a socks like that? Like what? Like halfway up the leg. That's the way the tiptockers do what these do. Do they really, am I not a tip? Get maxed together with what socks it's not your seat. I typically don't look that low on him. What I would say is a cool modification of you interested in for this exercise, is to take your foot and step really far back. That requires your torso to bend forward to adjust. And it stretches your glutes even more. The glute rather than one that you're training. And that tension under stretch is a big deal for hypertrophy. You're gonna sit really far back. And instead of putting your toe on the ground, normal like so that you can push off your back leg, you push your foot so far up and out that you touch your shoe laces to the ground. So you're like ballet pushing your foot out, shoe laces to the ground. And then not pushing off that foot at all, using only your glute on that front leg to drive up out that maximizes the amount of tension we have at the bottom of the position and drives even more growth to that glute. That's extra advanced ultra bonus points. The wailing beef paddy's doing her and I was already excellent and I do this one all the time, but that little modifier can really, really help. Honestly, this one is a great one that you can use straps. Oh, oh, you're a big, big guy, big. But Misslein beef paddy, those don't look like straps. Those look like something that I for a long time thought honestly was a myth. If you read all of the elder books, the Torah, the Bible, the Quran, Scott to the Buddhist have a book. Adi, if I would give the with something, shit like that, come a sutra. And every single one of them has a little story in there that mentions the advanced alien race that came down and gave us the power and the words are different, but usually it's of grip. And for a long time anthropologists had absolutely no idea how this could be across cultural phenomena until they discovered that approximately 6,000 years ago into the Sahara Desert, which I believe an Arabic has just termed The Desert. Crash landed an entire, great full of completely finished, RP branded Versa-Grips product. And if the old tribes people wandering the Al-Sahata came upon this treasure trove and they had no idea what it was for, one of them reached in. Boom, and the Gerr-Versa-Grips grabbed him and guess what the Versa-Grips do. When they wrap around a tumblr barbell, they do not let go. That man traveled to all of the world's religions afterwards and he wrote in every important text, what this gripping device could be like. And now link in the description, you could have it yourself. Scott, do you think the Versa-Grips people are gonna fire us? I think you're a cross, right? Do they can't leave? Maybe because they're Versa-Grips to their desk. If you work up to a heavier weight and you're like, wow, my grip strength is not that strong. Which is totally okay. Look at this, and look at this. Which one do you think is stronger? But Lean Beef Patty, I don't train my legs, but I train my forms a whole lot. Hey, hey, what does the fucking mean by that? I only answer that, it's this, okay? So, straps. Yeah, Scott, she really drove the point home a lot better than I did with my reference to Ancient Egyptian culture. Versa-Grips is just highly beef Patty, she's better at this than I am. That is the reverse deficit lunch. These studies are coming out all the time. Everybody's studying. We got a bunch of scholars out there doing. I love that. Studies, who needs them? I agree. Anyway, I did see a study that was talking about the best exercises for glue growth and step-ups. We're actually way up there. Literally. Scott, that's because they're higher up. This is how it's going to look with a dumbbell in one hand, and a support in the other. Support. Again, kind of same concept. You don't want to be fricking, pulling yourself super hard up here. Otherwise, it becomes on our workout. Now, if this with the dumbbell is too difficult for you, obviously. Obviously, just don't be weak, and I've been lean beef Patty. It's the dumbbell. If that's too hard. Ah, smart. This is a cool thing about step-ups is they're very, very much adjustable. If you can't do a whole lot of step-ups at a high angle, don't. However, I would say because a high angle allows that deep, glued stretch, one modifier you can do easily as well, is just do fewer reps. So people do sets of 10, 15, 20 on the step-ups. You can just drop the dumbbells off completely, and, or, just do sets of like five, and that will 100% grow you muscle. It's lower, alright? So it's less of a step. So you'll still be doing a step-up, and you'll still be working your glute. It just won't be as intense. This is a really good scaling option. This is for someone who's just not really familiar with exercise, kind of dabble a little bit, not in the best shape in the world. Listen, I'm not in the best shape of the world. We all start somewhere. As you get mastery over that partial step-up, I highly encourage you to add steps to make it a challenge, not just challenge reps, challenge weight, but challenge that range of motion, because the higher you can step up, the more glute recruitment and the more glute tension at a stretch you're going to generate, which is going to cause two things. More glute growth and more obscene attention for men about your now much bigger glutes. Our PI-perchrophy app comes with dozens of pre-made programs from two days of training per week all the way up to six days of training, with specialized programs included for shoulders, arms, chest, back, legs, abs, and glutes. Each one with male and female options. You get them all and can use them as often as you like, even building off of them to make your own customized versions, for only about a dollar a day. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. The Bulgarians, which is why! Ah! Someone in the gym is like, patting, patting. Just a little bit, shutting the fuck up. Your headphones are in. No big deal though. And she doesn't hear that person, so just keeps yelling. There's actually two different ways to do Bulgarians. One is more a quad focus. The other is more glute and ham focus. First, let me show you the quad one. Notice how my freaking knee is way over my toe? Yep, that's how you know it's going to be more quad focused. Ooh! This is the more generally glute ham string one. You sit back into it. Beautiful. What a great demonstration. Now the reality is that if you sit back from a very narrow foot position, one that's not too far away from you, it actually requires a lot of quad receptor from that other leg to push you out of it. So it turns into kind of a really good workout for your glute. And you're wrecked them on the other side of your leg on that other quad, which is kind of like a two for one special because that straight torso with that leg all the way back really stretches that part of the middle part of your quad of ton like nothing else does. It gives it a great workout. So that should actually be swell advice. You can hit the middle of your quad and your glute at the same time just by alternating legs and doing it right. They will say that getting that foot out a little bit further probably helps a substantial amount with making sure that that glute is the limiting factor. Because when you get tired and stuff, it becomes a little bit difficult to coordinate which way you're going. If you have a wider stance, it really just narrows you in to just one path. Scott, I'm not feeling so good. I'm sorry. If I were off-green onesy, what I feel better? I think so. I would like to see that. Well, I would feel better. And I would feel you. We'll be back in a minute. This is going to be my first working set. Scott, why isn't she on? I'm going to try to get 10. I up the weight from the last time I did this. I also used a different machine last time so it wasn't like the same weight but I remember what I used to do on this one. So I'm going to try to do 10. So, all these mocks. You guys will notice this is a great exercise. Great stretch, great contraction. You really can move your back dynamically. If you don't get pulled into the machine with low traction on the ground, you're good to go. You'll notice that lean beef patty is touching her lap. Now, the number one reason people do this is because, actually, this is, I think, really good to do. Scott, have you ever done these before? There's nothing good to do with that other arm. You just kind of weirdly hangs out. So if you cut across like this, it kind of works. The other thing is, there is some research to suggest that if you palpate a muscle during its contraction, if you're having trouble connecting with that muscle, it can help a little bit. Is it a ton? No. Is it cool for vibes? Yes. Do you just kind of want to grow up yourself when you have juicy lats? Yes. The more muscular you get, the more time you spend alone in a bathroom with a lot of downlighting and jazz music, bubble bath, the you start growing. Who are you dating? Myself. We've been going through a rough time. Myself and I. Scott, you ever ask yourself on a date and yourself says no? Oh, it's fine. Does yourself ever say, like, yeah, totally we should definitely hook up and kind of go to you on that. It's been ghosted by myself for some rest. It's tough. Yeah. Dude, Scott, her trap and delt game is like at a thousand. Lean beef patty is the perfect sleeper jacked. Right? Like, you would see her a little hoodie at the movies and you'd be like, that's a fitness person. Then she just flexes or hoodie comes off and she's like, look at me. I'm the movie now. You're not watching Shrek 3 anymore. You're looking at me. Lean beef patty. Why? Because, nah. Okay, that was actually pretty. Difficult. That was really good. One thing you can try on your own training is after you finish that last rap, treat the eccentric, the lowering portion as if you're going to do another rap. Because at that point, your muscles are very, if it's teaked, the very close to failure, they're in a very high state of proneness to growth of being stimulated. And so that one last little slow rap all the way to the end of the big stretch in a hold for a second. Nah. Can be a teeny little bit of difference. And it's not super hard because you already do the concentric work. You're just riding it out. Is it true fact to say that your nervous system is more active during the concentric phase, pushing phase of the pulling phase versus the eccentric, which is the lowering the control phase. And so if you can get less nervous system fatigue, which is the thing, for actually probably a little bit more hypertrophy, because the concentric phase really grows a lot of muscle. Might as well finish off that last rap. Is that a huge deal? But it'll make a massive difference in your life. And I guarantee you that it'll make you millionaires. Oh no, millionaires. A billionaire. Scott, what would you do if you had a billion dollars? I wouldn't be here. I'll tell you that much. Dick, I'd still be here. It's wrong with you. No, you know what? Don't get going stupid, get going bullshit back there. I'm offended. Let's continue. If you've never seen this before, it's a little hack for the shorties. My wife is four feet 11 inches and she showed me this hack. And while I thought it was really creative and encouraged her to do it, I told her I'll never, ever get caught doing this. As long as I'm alive, why? Folks, I have said many things about my height. And though you may have heard that I am roughly five, six, unfortunately, that's an exaggeration. It was the doctor's office a few days ago for my blood work and annual checkup. I was measured at five foot two and a quarter. And because I am what the internet calls constantly, even though it hurts my feelings a ton, a manlet, I refuse to accept my destiny. And so I've tried to get muscular and get a bunch of degrees and make a much of money and get a whole black belt and everything so that the screening void of your two short to be a real man, but shut the f-gupped for once in my head, and did it work absolutely not? And I still but heard about it. So when people are like, hey, you should try this adjustment first. I'm like for what? For who? I'm good. I'll use the regular weight like normal people. People are always like, dude, that hell is wrong with you. Oh, there's something wrong with me now. I'm not tall enough to be correct. They're like, I, I, I don't know. Oh, you're gonna, you're gonna constrain me with your hands because I'm sure it's gonna be easy. Cause, oh, you just put your hand on my forehead and I can't, I can punch you like that. Is that what you're gonna do? Scott, Scott, help. Am I okay? Or am I okay? I'm okay. I'm, I'm like a, like a, like a king or like a short king. You can just drop the short part or the score. Yeah, he thinks Scott, see guys, that wasn't so hard. Hey, go shorty. See how close it is? That was well timed. I feel like that was personal. I'm not sure, I mean, guys, when leave me standing at a collab, I have to look up as what I'm trying to say. Pause. We have a member section where this video can be even longer, even harder, and even more uncut. I guess technically, I don't know. In any case, the member area has tons of other cool stuff. It's a little bit of money for a huge amount of value. Click on things. Buy them. Let's get back to the video. Okay, I'm gonna do three sets of 10 to 12. I'm gonna see how this weight feels because I don't want to do it like super heavy and just like be thrown the way around. I'm trying to, I'm trying to feel it. Trying to feel it. So, what was, what was she, you, you like? Mm. Yeah, good idea. Sometimes you get the ego gets the best of you and you start throwing around weight and do your joints feel something, your ego feels something, but you're not able to control the eccentric, you're not able to go through a full range of motion. Sometimes, like, instead of contracting your lats, to do the pull down, you're like contracting everything and your glutes mostly. So, there's definitely a thing where, by feel alone, it's good to sometimes train in the motto of ranges. Now, in the pull down, this is especially true. Some exercises like the bench press, the squat, as long as you do the full range of motion, you're gonna be using the muscles that you have to, there's no other way to do it. For the pull down, there's a lot of weekly stuff that happens, especially at low reps, so my personal recommendation for pull downs is just never really go below, like, especially on your first set, below 10 reps is probably unwise for most people. 10? There's 20 reps, that's a really good. If you want to go heavier, do pull ups are assistant pull ups beforehand, and then you have a good exercise match to the loading range and everything works out really well. Big stretch, I love it. Now, you'll notice that Leemby Patty doesn't come all the way down to her chest. I used to be real pristaken about this, and then I realized I just have diagnosable obsessive compulsive disorder. Scientifically, there's no real reason to touch your chest than as a matter of fact we know, that if you work the pull ups at the upper half of the range, as long as you get that big, narrowly stretch, then you're actually doing a lot for your growth, possibly even more than doing through a full range. So, this is actually really really great technique. You'll also notice that she stops a little bit at the bottom, that's totally fine for variation, but from most people in most cases, I would say stopping at the bottom, maybe something you can skip, just get to that bottom part, and then come back up under control, because a lot of energy that you spend right here at the bottom, isn't spent in a lengthened position, it's a short position in the muscle, is you're spending a lot of energy generating fatigue, but you're not getting as much growth stimulus as if you instead pause at the very top and stretched out for a second. That would be a better use of the pause, but for variation, this is really good, and honestly, with a back as big as Leemby Patty, I don't even know why I'm talking shit, I back's not that big. All right, and now the last thing I'm gonna do is a little bit of abs, so I'm gonna do these here. Scott, remember I tried to do that once and just stopped. Cable crunch, last exercise here. That, anyway, I don't train abs, Cable crunches. Let's go. Oh, that's such a technique you guys. Notice, Leemby Patty's hips barely moved at all. The only thing that happened was her spine flexed, and then her spine extended, and that is exactly what the abdominal muscles do, they both actively flexed the spine, and they resist extension under load, which is what makes them jacked. A lot of people to do this exercise end up doing this with their hips, which hits the hip flexors, and a hip to abs, someone, but it's not ideal. This amount of bodily control is honestly really, really impressive. Maybe the only thing more impressive in this video than that is how exactly Leemby Patty is, Scott, look at her shoulders and arms. Huge, and you can even see like a side-six pack in that position. This is why it's tough. Fokes. What can we say? Lean Beef Patty. Octupize one half of the demographic of the world. In the half that nose things, because as we know, there's only two kinds of people. People that don't know things. Dr. Oz, liver king, people like that. And then people that know things. Joe Rogan, Lean Beef Patty. Scott, the video guy, you're welcome, Scott. Thank you. I appreciate that. Are you trying to disagree with the fact that you know things? Yeah. Are you a bull? Scott, do you think you have the second or first lowest self-esteem that we will? It's the first with that life. Yeah. Lean Beef Patty knows things. She's great. Met her in real life once, cried for hours afterwards, out of sheer just existential joy of having met Lean Beef Patty. All jokes aside, she's awesome. Usually recommended follow. If you're a beginner, if you're female, if you're advanced, if you're male, you should literally be following Lean Beef Patty. I do not mean I'm just the internet. I mean, in real life, find out where she lives, get in your car, live in your car, let the stain really get through the cheeseburger wrappers and stuff, which she comes out to go drive to the gym, you're like, ha ha ha ha ha, then this is Lean Beef. That's what I've been doing for years. Lean Beef Patty, when are you gonna notice me? Maybe never, but I like it that way. With the hell this video got weird, and it's gonna get weirder and I think I just were done. Guys, Lean Beef Patty gets an amazing out of 10. I've been Dr. Mike, and I will see you. And next time. All right, that was super fun. I feel leaner, beefier and a more patrisha-like. If you want to feel even more of those things, there's a video right here that keeps the fun going. See you guys next time.