With X2's muscle integration system, you won't just train muscle. Hey, hey, hey, hey, you'll train, you don't even need. Or you don't even have! You'll train movements. All muscle groups, big and small, are linked together in what sports scientists call the kinetic chain. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Those are tacitly sports scientists. That's what you call it, right? No! F***! Yo! Does yo make me sound hip or cool like young people? Well, I'll have you know, I'm a young person at heart. Or so my parole officer tells me, and not the nicest ways, but another thing that I have is a former professorship of exercise science. A black belt in Brazilian Gigiitsu, a participant award for bodybuilding, and a happy smile for you today, because I'm Dr. Mike, and we are here to review with X, burnt insight through X-Sci science knowledge. One of the most iconic programs ever made, it has several letters and numbers in it, because it was designed in a secret bioweapons lab. B-we-we-we-we-we-not my lasers aren't bioweapons. But, s***, ah, ah, ah, ah. There you go. That's a bioweapon P90 X, which stands for penis. That's nine inches long. I got zero time for hose, and I got a lot of X's. Scott, do you ever want to hit play on your future of your fit life? I do know already, I have my stars, drop music. Well, little futuristic lens flare. I'm in. I want whatever this is. From the makers of P90 X. It comes the most advanced home fitness program ever designed. But seems like a circuitous way for the arrow to go. Scott, where is it going exactly? It looks like this when you're going. Oh shit. My man. My man. Lat-tallum baby. Tell him. Doing routines unlike anything you've experienced at your local gym. I mean, I've experienced all of this in my local gym. Ah, Scott, are they lifting both of those? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We need to, so this kind of goes by quick. We'll need to do some at this part some fast exercise analysis. Yeah, okay, great. So, um, the boasts of all you'll be surprised to know is almost nothing. So the effect you get from lifting it is almost nothing. Tonight, two, set 11. Thanks, plain why, my tongue don't get too far ahead. You might prove you wrong. I'm going to eat my own shit if he proves me wrong. And I'll do it right here in front of all of you. That's a company promise. That's because with X2's muscle integration system, you won't just train muscle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You'll train shit, you don't even need. Or shit, you don't even have. Is your guss-or-cobloric trained enough? Probably not. This exercise will do it. You'll train movements. And here's why. Dynamic movement happens because all muscle groups, big and small, are linked together in what sports scientists call the kinetic change. Those are testically sports scientists. No! A kinetic chain is only ever described in functional terms. Okay? So there's like the posterior chain, which can allow you to link up all of your muscles that allow you to uncurl your body. There's the anterior chain, which is what you use when you throw a medicine ball with your whole body. There's when you do a triple extension, which is when you jump, and you extend it your knees, your hips, and your ankles at the same time. That's a kinetic chain. It links multiple things together to do something. But all of your muscles working while you're running is not a kinetic chain. There's just a bunch of arrows pointed at as like, you know, whatever those muscles are. Abs and then also abs and then his finger and then the football. I guess. See even that guy to the right is like sick of the shit. See it? He's like, oh god, damn it. That one include me in this shit. The fitness machines in your gym focus on isolating specific muscle groups. I like that they isolated the shoulder by doing a press, which involves your front delts, some of your side delts, your triceps, all of the muscles of your form, and your traps. Oh, and upper chest too. What a trip. Just to build strength. We know now that this old... Scott, they just used a wide-grip press for tries. Yeah, I mean they don't. They don't really know what an isolation. Doops. School method and a leg press for quads. Not that it trains the glutes and hamstrings and adductors, and I'm done. Look, yes, there is a good valid critiques somewhere here, and that valid critique is that real world functional movements are more than just one muscle at a time. However, if you use compound movements even with machines, presses and pulls, which we just saw examples of, all sorts of movements where you press your legs away, like for your quads and the rest of your leg by the way, then you get all of those benefits of isolating muscles, or focusing on muscles rather, to get them really big and strong in a way that P90X probably can't get you because the way it's your two-light, Link, Link. But you also get that functionality from two things. One, you are using a bunch of muscles at the same time, so you get plenty of function at the gym and two. When you go out and do real world sports, your body now has bigger stronger muscles. Where you learn to use them in an integrated fashion. That's why most of the best sports science now says that when you are trying to be the best athlete, you can be, you do hardcore lifting, not a ton of it, but enough to get nice and big and strong, in a very simple ways, compound movements for sets of five to ten. And then you don't do a whole lot of weird transitional work and make it all the lifting, look like all the exercise that you do, or all the sport moves. You go into sport practice and you just do normal sport practice. Now you have bigger stronger muscles, your body learns how to use them. When you're child and you first learn how to play soccer, your body is not used to moving at all. It doesn't know what the hell is going on. It's never played soccer. It takes your big strong muscles that you have when you're at your sold, teaches you how to play soccer. Every time you level up those muscles, it's just an integrated part of sport training. It occurs with normal sport practice that your ability to move is going to integrate those new bigger stronger muscles and you're going to take that body and make it better. It does not have to be a special integration phase. And some very specific sport context, this is a thing. P90X is not a sport and there's no very specific sport context. God damn it. Scott, you're right. This piss me off. We're going to get warmed up. Oh, God damn it. We know now that this old school method of training is a big mistake. Big mistake. Are you the kind of king idiot that lifts weights with machines? Are you dumb or just the letter G word? We're not allowed to say it's not the nice thing in the political climate. You're all of those things because you're bad. Because P90X is going to f**k your wife. The RP Hi-Protrophy app comes with dozens of pre-made programs for no additional chart. You get them all and can use them as often as you like. Even building off of them to make your own customized versions for only about a dollar a day. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. It's a good app. I just had I've ever set off hand. By training primary muscles in isolation, you prevent other connected muscles from engaging. Over time, this creates an imbalance along the kinetic chain. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Guys, unless you have parts of your body that are clinically weak, like they're weaker than they're supposed to be for an adult human, imbalances are pretty much king total bullshit. Boxers. Bench press specialists. Tenest players. Train the strength power of their upper bodies much more than the lower bodies. Are they dying? Do they have a problem with their kinetic chain? No. Gymnists. Scott, I might add. I pretty much all upper body is the teeny little legs. And they're the healthiest, most kinetically linked people on the planet, because they actually practice linking their kinetic chains with incredible acrobatic moves. You are not going to destabilize yourself or hurt yourself by doing normal gym machines. Either way, what they haven't really filled in is we see the trapezius, the rhomboid, the deltoid there. If you just do a set of rows right after presses, you'd unchecked all of them shit, so there's no reason for those ships to receive. You can bring them right back. And believe it or not, by doing a whole body program in the gym, which over a week you hit most of your muscles, all of them stay and are white and are nice and point to your stuff. God damn it, you guys. Which not only limits your strength gains. How could it limit your strength gains? You're literally strength training. You know what limits your strength gains? Using 20 pound dumbbells when you could be benching the staff like my man over here. By the way, that guy doesn't like, Scott, is he having a good time or look at his face? I'm going to use... You're limiting his strength. You, of course, he's having a bad time. He knows he's doing dumb shit. It also increases your likelihood of injury. Was that an injury? Ow! I got to four, all right, all right. Using a stability ball, a medicine ball, or even standing on one leg. You guys, this is just circus nonsense. Circus nonsense. Wait, Scott, whatever all those blue muscle groups do you over in the corner, they're not going to consolidate onto him, are they? Your body is forced to... Oh, my God! I guess it's true to say your body is forced to use everything, including your illi-optimial tract. Jesus Christ! Scott, they just laminated a fucking textbook, and they're like, I just throw that in there, I don't know what the fuck it is. Listen, I've been doing this fitness thing with you for quite a while. I've never heard that term until right now. I love it. By the way, at the bottom, pedantry mode fully engaged, they mislabeled his gastroccane solace. They should be flipped. Uh... Who's counting? True every muscle along the kinetic chain, which wipes out imbalances. Hey, here's an imbalance. Lunge all the way down to the ground, you bitch mother. Oh, oh. All f... And love and respect folks, all jokes. But seriously. Look, here's the thing. This thing is thing. P90X is an excellent system. If you have a pair of dumbbells on a boastsuball at home, and a television screen with a digital video disc player, or a streaming service, if these are awesome workouts, that can really help you get in shape. If you're time-constrained, if you don't want to go to the gym, if you're just a bit shy, if you're just starting out in fitness, P90X is good, and it's... It's... It's a... What's a claim that... Sky, here's my problem, right? Say your system is good. You don't have to shit on everything else. And if you're gonna be right about it, you know what I'm saying? Like, Good God, and also for the record, with the f... Because the warrior 3 Lunge. And results in greater strength, stability, and stamina. Stamina, you're... I like this is stamina. You're lying down, which is real hard, and you're pressing one dumbbell up. By the way, why is this pissing you off? Lying down destabilizes you, and minimizes total muscle recruitment, which means you're just not gonna be able to get as strong as you could, or as jackages you could. And pressing off of one arm, even more stable, destabilizes you, and then all of a sudden, you're getting like a fraction out of this exercise where you could have done, if you just got into a pressing machine, and you're really... You're really f...king tried hard, or dumbbells, or bench, or even pushups. This is like tier 8, whatever below E tier list of King Chastor, Tri-Suppet exercises. Ah, but see Scott, I made him a steak. We're not trying to train the Chaston Tri-Sups. We're training the whole kinetic chain. And if we can find it, wherever that f...king chain is. I was watching how some of these pro athletes train, the constant use of unstable surfaces. The combining of balance with resistance moves, and I was just amazed by how efficient this kind of training is. Uh... My whole body, Scott, I'm getting sick. The reason people have athletes doing this is because I'm sorry, forgive me. Most of those people are not sufficiently educated in sports, I am to know that they're doing dumb shit and doing it. King Raw. The athletes love to do it, because they really just like to practice and play their sport more play than practice in many cases. And they're like, hey, free 30 minutes from my trainer to wrap about my kinetic chain or some shit, while I just literally relax on a combustible. Athletes love it because it's easy. People who should know more things love it because they think they know science and they don't go back to school. That's why pro athletes really do shit like that. It's not because it's effective. And pro athletes get their physics from a combination of genetics and literally decades of sport participation. It's not the most who balls that got them into this kind of shape. Also, athletes do not have a balanced deficit. Jamal is six foot four, I've been playing basketball since he was five years old, and he's now in the NBA. He is one of the most athletic coordinated machines you could ever see in your life. He does not need to balance on a boastable to improve his sports specific or general balance for that matter. Do you know who does, Grandma, rehabbing or broken, King Leg? For her, an unstable surface might actually be a really good idea. Because it's easy, it's permissive, and it actually works in restores. Huge deficits and balance when you get hit by eight semi-tracks at the same time. That's right, Scott. Eight semi-tracks hit Grandma, and the only thing that happened to her is she broke her leg. She's a tough old bag. Tough old bag. Ah, sonny, I've been through the 20s. Eight semi-tracks ain't shit. You should have seen my first adult film, the grandma. Holy crap. Trying to keep stuck out with me. We mixed it up, baby. Drop that clipboard, run into a ball. God damn it. You can see the foot behind the other one. We're working the ad, Dr. That's that muscle in here driving the heel nice and high. That's true. Scott, how close to failure do you think she's going to get? I mean, she's going to push it to the brake. I'm sure. I'm sure. Big range of motion. Good to have hit me in the face. Oh, wow, it was close. That was that nice, great. Getting that mobility in the hip. If you want to run fast, what? Guys, there's no gravity pointing in that direction. It's going to be a good soccer player, a good baseball player. If you don't want to pull your hamstring when you run the first base, play in softball. This is the one for you. No, it's not because there's no force being generated by your hamstring. Other than the few grams of force that it takes to move it back against not gravity. If you bent down and touched your toes and came back up, you would get 10 times the force you're experiencing. But it is much more fun if other men are touching you while you're training. That's fine. But engaged, core engaged, hand is up, face is calm. Just... Is the calm face important, Scott? Am I missing something if I'm freaky out while I'm doing this? I guess so. It's like that. Very nice. Now Malachi is going to love this adjustment. Oh, thank you, Tony. Thank you. Thank you. I couldn't have turned my own king lag. What if it even changed? Look how tight this boy is. He needs to work on this exercise to end one. I thought I heard something snap. Okay. Okay. Hey, we're filming. Shout-up about it. Folks, there is still more video to come. But if you want extra bonus content, you'll long gated and very unrated versions of this video. And many other other ones. Vlogs for training. You can find it all in the members area, which costs a lot of money. But gives you massive, massive value. Click around. Click on things. Love you. Mean it. Let's get back to the video. Four ordinary people that drive the latest version. People try P90X for the first time. Life change. Okay, this is so good. What? They lights up for the time. Oh, shit. Let's go to the air. But don't do it, man. My chair is on fire. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. No. Wow. This is so good. I'm scared of this. I'm scared of this. I'm scared of this. I'm scared of this. I'm scared of this. I'm scared of this. I wonder if she signed a waiver for the shoot. As a lawsuit we need to happen. You guys, real talk. The pull-up bars that go into doors. Make sure you really test the shit out of yours. And honestly, I don't know, man. I've seen too many of these for that to be an accident. 90 days is too long. So after 90 days, I lost a pound. Oh, good news. Whatever tests they're using is not precise enough to detect a pound. However, if she lost more like 10 pounds, you would be able to detect it. This is probably a result of no dietary control. Remember, you can work out as hard as you like, but if you don't constrain your eating to some extent using the RP die coach, maybe even, then the results aren't going to be that great. So I lost .2 pounds of body fat. My man. This is great. It was not due to if I was a P90X, people I'd be like, can we sue these people? Guess you can't. And I lost .8. It looks like five muscle mass. That sucks. Do we have reason to believe they actually did the plan? I mean, it buzz feeds not exactly a tier one institution. I mean, it seems as legit as it could be. Yeah. Checkups with the training every day. Yeah. I mean, I assume they did like some kind of BIA test, electric impedance test, or maybe an edaxa. All of these are within margin of error. So not a very fair test. But after three months, like if you gained a decent amount of muscle and lost decent amount of fat, you should see something. So we can at least say like, you know, not a lot happened in 90 days. Oh, okay. So I gained two pounds of muscle and I also gained two pounds of fat. It looks like it says that I gained three pounds of body fat. And I gained points seven pounds of muscle. Good enough for me. Surf air. I'm going to Sacramento today. I'm going to the capital. What the f*** is going on? I'm going to lobby the government to be making 90x rule of law. California, I'm going to fly to Mammoth on the ripsome power and mammoth. That would be awesome. That maybe a flight to San Diego. You guys go to San Diego. Is this guy just flexing his money in front of all of his paid actors? You guys ever fly to like three places in one day? They're like, no, I don't have a fucking private plane to think. I do. I'm going to rip some power before the shoots start. Um, cocaine's a hell of a drug. Nice. I suggest breathing a lot. That matters a lot. Oh, why the way here's your modification. I'm only going to touch my shin. Tony, I have my shin toucher. Not a floor, toucher. We're on the block. Okay, see if you can't bend all the way down. You get to touch nice and adaptive. I like that. Just on the floor. Come on, baby. Nice. So if you ask him like, what is the purpose of this pretend surfboard stuff? Why don't you just keep doing pushups? I wonder when I answer you would get. I suspect just cocaine. Out to the size. Trying to hit that hand out there. Good. Watch the arm. See the arm is half to move with the legs. I threw it off. Did I need? I got it. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. Listen, you can critique him about a lot of stuff. Energy, he brings to the. And equation. Days are. We're happy and fun. And we got to the test group guys. They're really. Get them up. Get them up. Get them up. Get them up. Listen. P90X. If you're just starting out. If you want a little taste of fitness in the comfort of your own home is an excellent system that I highly recommend it. If you want the most effective and the most efficient way to transform your body. To have a little bit more muscle and a lot less fat improve your health longevity quality of life. Resistance training. Barbells, dumbbells, free weights, machines, bodyweight exercises, compound movements, isolation movements, traditional strength training, traditional resistance training. Close to failure. Multiple sets getting nice and sore. Nice and tired coming back a few days later and hitting again. Is the way to do that. The jumping, the kinetic chain, the plyos. Unfortunately, don't do shit. I rate P90X as a P out of 90X. And I'll see you guys next time. Alright folks, that was really, really fun. Was it no? Maybe this video will be more fun. Look on it and I'll see you next time. Damn dude. I didn't realize that. I'm P90X.