Our next exercise is an alternating standing dumbbell rope. Make sure to put that... Uh... It was only a matter of time until the f***ing end. Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike Hussertial, I'm the RP Hyperchography app and Professor of Exercise and Sports Science at Lehman College. And I am here to review Gal Gadot's workout for Wonder Woman 1984. On a side note, Gal Gadot is... uh... Jewish. And so am I. You without family? Uh... Let's get into it. My name is Magnus Lickbuck. Yes! Magnus? Thank God he's back. The man behind every beautiful Hollywood body you have ever seen. It will see. Magnus Lickbuck. I'm from Macon 3-Far-Tos-Nor-S-F-Pro-2 things for you. One is Mavikings-Horded with your crushma enemies. And two is completely pointless workouts where I f***ing rip off Hollywood celebrities. And if I ever see that Dr. Mike guy, he's getting the Viking treatment. He's got the video guy, why don't you shut up? We're from the Nord, the countries with aircom people, but we can get pretty high rate. You know, it is last video. We saw him wearing a vlawor tracksuit. Something is missing in my heart. This isn't the Magnus I've come to know and love. Let's find out where this goes. I'm a personal trainer and nutritionist. Oh, nutritionist! Ugh, you want to pull him at strengh. Let's hit it. So today I'm going to show you one of the days from the program that I did with Gal Gadot. I got a program for Gal Gadot. I'm going to stop Mike's stop. That's not appropriate. So when Gal came to me, we had about... I'm looking at him hanging out with Hollywood. Well, what do I got to do with him? I got Gal Gadot. She's probably eight feet taller than me, but no sand baby, I could look up. Been looking up to you a long time, if you know what I mean. Again, I will stop. Five months to prepare for filming. When you start preparing for a marathon of a movie like this, you want to make sure to build a strong foundation. Greed, I love it. Marathon movie, strong foundation, check check. Included in that is to screen someone physically to see how they move. Screen them physically to see how they move. I wonder how the program changes other than like you lift less weight to begin with. I think she moves like any other human being, no, maybe I just don't know enough things, which is why I'm not training Hollywood celebrities. When I'm building a character, you really need to break down what character needs. And if you look at one to one, she obviously needs... I know what she needs. I basically got a fly, jump, tall buildings in a single bound, punch through walls, block bullets, what else? Obviously needs the physique. She needs the physique, of course, how did I miss that? She also needs strength, ability, agility, and endurance. I'm pretty sure he listed every single human physical quality. I guess she's got it all, uphill training battle here. To film the movies like Running a Marathon, it's not a sprint. You need to make sure that you're still healthy and that you last for the whole duration. That folks, I'm not so sure how movie filming occurs, but if you're unable to stay healthy for the duration of a movie shoot, you're probably in a state of health that exercise might not be able to help you with. You need to see real doctors that know things. Keeping someone healthy through a movie shoot isn't matter of them just being alive. Walking Phoenix makes it through a movie shoot, folks. I don't think he's ever seen a weight in his entire life. Wow, wow, Hollywood celebrity trainers. Just make the person maybe due to things, maybe. Thing number one, look the part. Wonder Woman's got to have cap delts. Which Magnus doesn't have, but that's not the hearing of that. That's just me being caddy. Two is maybe able to move generally in a way that allows you to do the stunts that CGI and your stuntwoman doesn't do, which is almost nothing. B****. They're not getting ready for Marathon. Motherf***, it's a photo shoot. It's a video shoot. Hollywood. It would be disaster if your client would get injured and production needs to stop. It would cost millions of dollars. So that's true. It would be a disaster if your client gets injured. So maybe you can take them through four-rages of motion with heavy loads. In training, progressing slowly through that to high degree of competency and ability, such that they are highly-enoculated against injury. And I'm sure that's what's going to be happening here. When building a superhero, it takes a village. False. It takes only me. Magnus, look back. I am the village. All you need this me and my Viking sword. So it's not only me as a trainer, there's also a stunt team. stunt team. Much more important job than you have, greed. stunt doubles, body doubles. Body doubles. What? Assume he doesn't also train. Fissios. Okay. In case she hurts her knee or something. And chefs. Chefs. I thought it was going to say nutritionists. This isn't really his Hollywood, isn't it? It takes a lot of chefs to keep me upright too. I feel as pain is a profoundly rich man. So what I do want to move is set is I take care of the fiscal training. I make sure that the right food comes up at the right time and that my actor actress eats it. It's good that he's like in charge of getting food into him. That's tight. I also make sure to warm them up before a big physical scene. Whoa, he gets to warm him up before a physical scene. That's kind of interesting. I wouldn't think that was the thing. I would think that the stunt coordinator would do that. And just oversee things so that they don't get injured. I don't know how he could oversee things that prevent injury. He's not a sports medicine doctor. Maybe he has magic. Back in the size, I can see when the stunt will cause injury and I can prevent it. Obviously, nutrition is a big part of building a superhero. I will cover that in another video. Today it's going to be more about the training. Scott the video guy. We're going to get that nutrition video stat. This is it exists. Scott the video guy found the video about Galgano's diet. So let me take a look at that one. Like Wonder Woman. Hi, I'm Magnus. I've been a trainer for 20 years. Scott. Helping actors to get in superhero shape. Today we're talking about Galgano's nutrition for Wonder Woman 84. I like that every nutrition video has like raw vegetables and eggs as props next to it. If you confused about what kind of video you're watching, it's an nutrition video. Look at the food. They're so healthy. I don't believe in extreme diets or short cuts. I think that good food is a big part of life and I don't really want to exclude food out of my diet. Hey, this is good stuff. No food exclusion, just manipulation. So far so good, Magnus is the man. Hey, to get the Magnus maybe actually one of the best Hollywood trainers. Which unfortunately isn't saying a ton. With that said, I try to focus on nutrition in 17 out of every 20 meals. Interesting rationale. They're 17 out of 20. So Galgano, five meals per day. That's 20 meals in four days. So in two days, we made sure that 17 out of those 20 meals were on point. That meant not only hitting our macro nutrients, protein, fattening carbs, but also avoiding simple fast carbs. The reason we avoided the simple fast carbs. Simple fats and carbs. What the f*** is a simple fat? Is that they have more impact on your blood sugar? Oh, simple fast carbs. They have more of an impact on your blood sugar. I don't know why that's a bad thing. He non-diabetic humans can regulate the blood sugar perfectly. If the fast carbs take it up, your body takes it back down. And if you control your calories, it has essentially no impact on your body composition. That's either maybe you're trying to be a probiotic butter. We'll see. My goal for Galgano is to eat about 100 grams of protein per day. Yeah, 100 grams of protein per day for Gal. I don't know how much she weighs, but it can't be much more than 130 or 140, probably less. Uh, 100 grams is decent. About 200 to 240 grams of slow carbs. 200 to 240 grams of slow carbs. Got bad? And 80 to 90 grams of good fats. Whoa, that's a lot of fat. Wow, 80, 80 grams of good fat. That's what I eat. And I'm like 18 times her size. Not terrible. Not a terrible diet at all. I love it. So Galgano would eat breakfast, morning snack, lunch, afternoon snack, and dinner. So you're probably asking what was on the menu for Galgano. A typical breakfast would consist of eggs with a slow carb. It could also be a protein boosted overnight oats. A typical lunch would consist of either chicken or fish with some slow carbs and some good fats. And it's on a vegetable. I don't see any slow carbs in those pictures. This looks like veggies and avocados. Maybe they forgot the carbs, so I'm shit. I don't know. Maybe they're underneath. I don't forget your vegetables. A typical dinner would be a grass fed organic steak. Oh my god, everyone knows steak has to be organic. Because everyone also knows that organic confers zero advantages in the f*** scam. If you didn't know that, now you know. And I salad and a slow carb like whole grain rice. The glycine again decks, which determines how fast a slow carb is, is insanely overrated. But most of these folks in Hollywood are like a generation behind modern and tertiary science, I don't believe it. So if you want to try this diet at home, there's a way you can simplify this diet and make it work. Use your fist. Hell yeah. This is your way to success. So for breakfast, you're going to have one fistful or protein, ideally eggs. And then half fist of slow, complex carbs. Your snack should be a fistful of protein with half fist of good fats or slow carbs. Lunch would be a fistful of protein, a fistful of slow carbs. It's a lot of f***ing to remember. And two fistfuls of vegetables. Dinner is the same as lunch, one fistful of protein, one fistful of slow carbs, two fistfuls of vegetables. This is actually very, very good advice for most people. I love it. Remember that five meals a day equals 20 meals in four days. So thinking four days cycle. Why the fuck would you think in four days cycles? We have a seven day cycle magnets. I don't like the week seven is not the number I like and grateton but I say that seven is bad. Then we'll eat global warming four days for everyone. 17 out of 20 meals should be on point three out of 20 in your life. By the way, if you're trying to lose fat, all of your meals should be the kind of meals you need. Three cheat meals out of every 20 meals can throw you completely off the rails on a fat loss diet. On a maintenance diet or muscle gain diet, this is very sensible advice. If you're going to extreme, this is not doable. It's going to be poor life and it's going to be extremely hard to stick to this diet. So please have that past down to Wednesday. Have a glass of wine on a Friday if that's what you want. Three out of 20 meals in your life. With enjoying your life three out of 20, that means you never have to have a guilty conscience. You're never failed to diet. You know if you had something bad or you treated yourself. Next meal better be good. Oh yeah. If you're trying to get in shape and not just sustain a healthy existence, you should probably be eating pretty much all of your food for the two or three or four months of what you're doing this diet exactly to the tea. And you're tough enough to be able to do it. You don't have to just have cheat meals all the time. Regular good eating. This is totally good advice. But again, if you're trying to get in shape, you can do better. The great thing about this diet is that you cannot fail. You don't have to have a guilty conscience. Yeah, you can fail in the diet. You just start eating way more shit than three out of 20. All right. That answers a lot of diet questions. Let's get back to the workout. So I had gallon of five days split. It was actually three day plus two days split. Three plus two. So of ours are good. That definitely adds up to five. In the first three days, we would work through the whole body once. And then the two next days or the two last days, we'd work through the body once again. So we would work through the body two times in five days. I guess that makes sense. He described it awkwardly. But whole body in three days hopefully split somehow. And then whole body again in two days. Dease. Very good way to go about it. Agmas never missed. The first exercise of the days are warm up. I'm using an assault bike. The first exercise is a warmup. Huh? And I thought warmups came before the exercises. Okay. On any day where I'm working out my upper body, I like to warm up with something that activates my upper body as well. So I'm doing five minutes on the assault bike. A assault bike, rowing machine, five minutes. That's a hell of a warmup. Usually you'd better off warming up with actual weights, like lifting them with lighter loads and higher reps. And then slowly increasing over a few sets. In the load and decreasing the reps. But this is a fine way to do it. Five minutes is a bit excessive, especially on an assault bike if you're not just, you know, sitting there doing almost nothing. I like that the demonstrator for this is Magnus himself. Because look to be honest, one-to-one, very strong. But you have an o-viking blood. And that means she's not the strongest me. I do the workout she should be so gracious. I demonstrate on her behalf. He has an excellent beard also, and hair cut. Look at those legs, Magnus got a f**k real. So our next exercise is a wide grip, lap pull down. I'm doing 12 reps and three sets. This video is odd because it's the wonder woman workout. But then he's saying, I'm doing 12 reps and three sets. Also what is being demonstrated is not really a lap pull down. Like a high row. But who's counting when it's wacky, Hollywood training? Out of terrible exercise. Fun fine for training the back. You can't be very strong in benefit from this exercise because if you're strong enough, you'll just pull yourself up off the ground or forward into the machine. But I suppose Gallagados, not terribly strong, ratio of turner body mass, so good choice. Our third exercise is for the chest. It's a push-up. Worship's a great movement for the chest. Depending on how strong you are, you can start. Good technique, man. And work your strength up so you can do them flat. And a good progression start on an incline and go to flat, depending on strength. I love it so far, so good. What I always do when I do push-ups is I finish on my knees. I've finished on my knees a few times. No way, people have finished on me while I was on my knees. Yeah. Anyway, hello Gallagados. So work to failure and then try to do five to seven reps on your knees. I love it. So you go close to failure to failure from your feet and you get to do knee push-ups and the lower actual load to your muscles. Allow you to crank out more up-scoster failure. This is really good stuff. This is a fact of high-quality training. See, I'm not just a mean person that makes fun of everyone. I'm also fair. Honestly, man, this is good at this shit. Magnus as the actor for Wonder Woman in Wonder Woman 3. That's my move. Our next exercise is an alternating standing dumbbell row. Make sure to put the- Uh, it was only a matter of time until the f***er re-begin. Alternating standing dumbbell row. I like that it's called standing dumbbell row because it's sure shit not bent over. So it's at least accurate via description. The alternating is to, I guess, piss away a lot of energy trying to do double the amount of time standing and get half the reps. 20 reps for three sets is fine. If you just bent over further and did it two arms at a time, he would get more of an effect for the same amount of fatigue. But this looks cool and that's the thing in Hollywood. If it looks cool, they'll do it. The dumbbells back on your hips. Squeeze your room-boards, your shoulder blades together. Chest forward. Squat down a little bit and lean forward. Then you fall into the middle. You rotate the dumbbell in and then you pull up. Make sure not to rotate your spine. Prevent that rotation. You can totally rotate your spine. It's totally fine. Your spine is designed to rotate. So you go slow on the way down, eccentric, and you go much more explosive, concentric on the way up. They're a great advice on the eccentric. Magnus those things, though it may not appear at times that he does. Towards the end of this program, I'm starting to superset a lot more. So this is the first superset of the day. And we're starting with a reversed fly with dumbbells on an incline bench. And then we're turning around and we're doing an incline fly on the bench. So supersetting antagonistic muscle groups is pretty decent way to save a lot of time and get a good workout. But because of the systemic fatigue that you accumulate over the multiple sets, and the switch from one exercise to the other doesn't allow you to perfect your technique or your mind muscle connection. Not the best way to train. I was training somebody for a Hollywood role and they had a decent amount of time, which it seems like she does. How would you just rest in normal amount of time between sets? In most cases, ordinary supersets, where you superset an agonist muscle. So for example, you do some pack flies and then you do some dumbbell bench for the chest. But small critique, this is fine to do. 12 reps on both for three reps. When doing a reverse fly, make sure to squeeze the shoulders together, shrug back, keep your spine and neck neutral. It doesn't matter where you put your spine and neck, you're not getting hurt with dumbbells like that. You can look up down forward whichever way you want. Put your back or neck doing 10 pound dumbbell flies. You got another thing coming. And go fast on the way out and slow on the way down. When doing it fly, make sure that you lower your shoulders and you slowly stretch out. As far as you comfortable with and then you go explosive on the way out. Good tips. I wouldn't explode out of a dumbbell fly, but I'm just being bedanic at this point. Generally, very good advice on the cadence and technique. So our final superset of the day is all about the core. So we're starting with a crossover mountain climber. And then we're going straight into rotational leg kit. Core shift. The crossover mountain climber is an exercise that you cannot progressively load as there's no way to put any weights on your knees. Most of the night entirely sure what part of the core that even trains, let's see what the superset is to. When performing a mountain climber, make sure that you lower your shoulders and you keep your hands underneath your shoulders. This is just like weird stuff to do that looks cool category. When performing the rotational leg kit, make sure that your shoulders are lowered. Keep your hands underneath your shoulders, rotate the hip and underneath your hip. It's an okay movement. There are so many more straightforward, time effective ways to train your abs. Like hanging knee or leg raises. Any abdominal crunch machine, any loaded sit-up or crunch. Always the fancy shit the Hollywood goes to. I eat it. You and kick on the opposite side and make sure that your leg does not touch to floor. I don't know what they kick us for. I just don't know. I have a lot of education and a lot of taught a lot of classes in this. I don't know what's going on. That's it. That's one of the days from the whole Wonder Woman program. And obviously different weeks would look different. But yeah, this is a tough one. I'm still super impressed with how Gallop threw this program on a weekly basis. And as you can tell, the movie she looks great. She does not know when they look the part. Oh, she, you know, one of my big gripes and this is not something I want to take too seriously. Wonder Woman's supposed to be jacked. She's a goddess and Gallagadot, the beautiful and lovely and stellar. It just kind of looks skinny. I'm going to hell. I'm going to feminist hell for saying that. But I just kind of wish they slabbed a bit more muscle on her. And these workouts are actually quite good. I'm not a 9% about the workout. Hope you liked the video. If you want to see the full program, it's on my app, magnismetheta.com. Magnus method has an app. Why did I hire a ton of engineers to help construct the RPI-perchography app and get all these gears of education to put into it? What I could have just downloaded the Magnus method app. Exact training for today's top celebrities. You can train just like Gallagadot, Alicia, Vic Kendor, James McAvoy, Ben Affleck, Alex Skarsgard, Katy Perry, interesting. And do I leap up? Damn. What do these people have in common? I train them. And now I can train you. Get full access today for just one dollar. Magnus, this is too good to be true. Okay, so that is the workout. Listen, honestly. 8 on a 10. A couple of minor critiques here and there. But the upper body workout was weight training based. Just one stupid weird movement for abs and training abs is mostly pointless because they're made in the kitchen and not in gym anyway. So I'm not holding them to a huge super high standard there. I can't hate a too much man. Magnus, you consider yourself a deem, sir. And well, forget about the Batman, that Affleck thing. You guys can check out that video of ours. We did a while back. How is it fucking train wreck? But Magnus knows folks, good stuff. And I'll leave off with seeing this last thing. Galgardo? Hello. You guys nice to meet you.