Oh no, Scottie lifted from the wrong side! Scottie even succeeded the end! I mean, what worst thing could have happened? Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I am a former professor at Exercise and Sports Science. I am a competitive Brazilian agency grappler and a bodybuilder of low-repeat. And I have been hurt before, sometimes quite severely. And today we are going to be looking by popular demand, apparently, at various injuries. And so my first thing I got to tell you right now is if you are not good with injuries, and your squeamish, please do not watch the rest of this video. We got plenty of other great videos, and the internet is a big place with tons of other great content. However, if you are tough of mind, and you want to learn some stuff about injury management and prevention, and also just watch me grimace a lot, and probably pass out halfway through commentating, you came to the right place. Three, two, one! Let's all jump into a wichever together. 915 pounds, certainly nothing bad can happen. This is an IPF lift, which means it is going to be legit a shit. Oh boy, oh boy, this is scary dude. Spodding heavy lifts. Somebody's got to do it, but I always thought that... Spodding heavy lifts was like the scariest thing in the world, because it's the simultaneous thing of you could get hurt doing it, which isn't that big of a deal, it's not that scary. You could screw up and hurt someone else by doing your job poorly, or even trying to do your job not poorly, but sometimes people just get hurt, so it could be a thing that none of these guys really did anything wrong. Just sometimes go south, and I just hate to be the person that's involved in that at all. God bless Spodders man. Oh my god, oh my god! That was a whole lot of shit at Ha! There was a lot happening. Alright, this video, according to the creators, just keeps getting worse and worse. I pray you never pinch 250 pounds on your junk. Ah! Ah! Ah! That really happened! So basically he fudged him in client, right? And then he put it down here, and then he crushed his cock, and then he busted his eye open. Scott didn't call the overhead, log pressed there. Yeah, I was gonna be one of these. Earlier, yeah, there we go. Man, go did, go did forget your hurt. Great technique, just. And pressure differential, and... is the absolute worst thing. Oh my god, he was big basically half passed out, and it hit him, and kind of pushed blood to his head and woke him up. Awful. Oh, and by the way, all vibes, all of them were spiked guys. We're not trying to clown on anyone. Everyone gets hurt. And if you haven't ever gotten hurt, you just haven't been training hard enough for putting things enough for the line during competition. So the real actual humans here is videos we're watching, mega love, mega respect. I hope everyone here is doing their goddamn best. And if you had a video of me getting hurt, it would be a clown show that it's like 30 hours more. Oh god damn, it's got... It's like you know it's coming. You're bound. You're bound. He's finished. He's the man. God. It right away, bro. Oh, dude, he finished the pool, which is so baller, like... I guess the question is like, what could he have done about this? So I have let's say 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, excellent. So I'll do 3 right now. This is kind of a guide. So it's actually some value in this video of how to reduce your probability of injury. And one of them is... Actually hold on. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. So there's a bonus one. The first one is the bonus one. And here it is. Accepting the risk. Anytime you go and try to lift heavy things, really try your hardest, especially when the reps are less than five, like your five rep max or heavier, you have to understand that you are entering an environment where realistic risks exist. They're low, but they're real. And so if you haven't come to a piece of mind about that, just don't do strength sport. Every time you get under a heavy barbell or pick up a heavy stone or roll up a heavy log, you have to say, you know what? I'm going to try my hardest. And if injury comes for me today, it's part of being a warrior. If you're squeamish about it, just do bodybuilding, like the rest of us pussy's, and you probably never get hurt because the reps are super controlled and the weights are super light. Relatively speaking, of course, even in bodybuilding, you can still get hurt. It's a real good idea to accept that out front. There is nothing we can do. Should have really advanced biotech coming in the future or cybernetic enhancement, then it's going to drive your injury probability down to basically zero. Everything has a risk. So knowing that is a big deal. The next thing is always an everywhere good technique. You see this gentleman, he's pulling with excellent deadlift technique, but he does absolutely have both of his arms bent a little bit. One of the good deadlifting cues is as you grab the bar and when you cinch in, what you want to do is straighten out and loosen up your shoulders so you get the best leverage you can. And straighten your elbow. Some people cue to push the bar away from you before you start pulling. For two reasons, one, it's better leverage. You can lift more weight. And two, it doesn't have your biceps being that little tiny linchpin in the whole system and going on. You good technique no matter what, you can choose to get hurt. If you are doing reps or something and you're like, I know I could do this next rep with good technique, but I just want to get the rap. And so people see, yeah, man, three of those are good technique, but two of those were kind of like, I was just kind of doing it totally. But every now and again, those two bad technique reps, you will pay for with a cut injury, and you shouldn't do that because injury is really terrible. It takes a ton of time away from training, psychological, it's real tough to deal with. It disrupts your progress and really extreme forms of injury. You'll never be the same again or until real crazy feature by our tech hits, which is going to happen in like a decade or something. I'm not trying to wait a decade to be my best self again. And so good technique is just something you don't want to trade out. The next thing is a great and exposure. If you have never done a kind of lift before, you've never high bar squatting. You've never done a clean and press or something like that. And you just try it. You go as heavy as possible to probably be in a injury. It's a way higher than if you start like and work your way up over time. Greated exposure slowly, having a more and more exposure to this potential injury vector is going to harden up your tissues literally by making them physically adapt to that kind of loading pattern. So there's stronger and thicker and more resilient. And by the time you're doing one-run max is the stuff like that, your probability of injury is much, much lower, precisely and simply because the fact that you are not doing something you're totally unacustom to and you don't have the structure to support. And then the next one and the last one for now is good fatigue management. If you are in a state of very high fatigue, your athleticism, your ability to coordinate your movements, falls substantially. And if you're very high fatigue, your connective tissues like your tendons are a little bit afraid. They only heal if you take a week or two of lighter easier training or almost no training at all. If you peak appropriately by taking a taper, everything heals and your athleticism is maximized because your fatigue comes down. If you're in a really high fatigue state and you try to yellow and go super heavy, you might have a bad time. If you're in a better fatigue state, your probability of getting hurt is much, much better. So if you manage your fatigue well, taking delodes, taking active rest phases, having appropriate tapers, not doing things at random, that's going to be a really, really good thing. All right, we'll do a couple more of these in a little bit. Now, I'll let watch people hurt themselves. They say no lift, didn't get that lift? Hitching. All right, what's next? We have to email Parallelift and here in 21 pounds. Pointer boy Nick Best. Oh, Nick Best. You've got a very awesome person someone who've had trained with on the channel. And he's just absurdly strong and it's like 60 years old and still strong. It makes no damn sense. All right, what's he doing? Oh, did he do his lap? Oh, God, that's actually quite rare and very disturbing. Oh, my God. Yeah, the last kind of anchor you in and keep the bar close when you're deadlifting. And I saw that one go. This is terrible. All right. When I first tore my lot off of a little nervous at first and I was waiting to see how it felt. And you don't feel too much. You know it's tendon. And so right away, I kind of knew it was a tendon. Look at that bruising. They got surgery on it, huh? Yeah. Good for him. You want to reattach that otherwise your arm doesn't really work. So I knew it could be fixed and I knew it was just going to be a journey of hard work, therapy. Going to get the stuff done once it's reattached and then just taking my time and slowly and methodically working my way back. Wow. Yeah, honestly, once you get hurt, another thing is accepting the fact that you got hurt and asking only one question. What is my most intelligent thing to do now going forward to make this better? Throw away your note pad and your excel sheets. The RPi-Pertrophy app has all of your workouts displayed in one place with guided videos on exercise techniques and a program that evolves to better suit your needs. The longer you use the app, all you have to do is follow the plan right on your phone and get the games. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Is he pulling on a barbell that's outside of the rack? Yeah, just sitting on the rest. Okay. Well, this is not going to be rocket science. Oh, my sweet dick. Oh, yeah, guys, if something is not like stapled into a rack, it will come off and hit you in the cock. Number one rule. Oh, no, Scottie lifted from the wrong side. He's like, I'm going to lift this from this side and make him feel even more pain in the interim. Scottie even succeeded the end. That video just cuts off. Yeah, that's all we know. Yeah. All right, keep that guy. Okay, so first of all, if you're going to have in a squat, side spotters, everyone who's been involved in the sport of powder, if you know the two guys on one on each side can do way more for you than one back spotter. Arguably one back spotters is like, unless they're very well trained and so is the lift or doing it is like worsening the situation than not. Because this guy would be a better off just like dumping backwards and getting shot out the front. Instead, he's like, maybe about to die or something. I don't know. Bad look. I mean, there are jujitsu moves that try to neck wrench you and they usually can't apply 400 pounds of force on your neck. So good God. Good job Michigan State. I'm kidding. I went to Michigan. You guys are great. All right, Mike, this guy's name was Justin Vicki. This is a one on four, definitely. It's like an Indian influencer this happened the she years ago. Okay. So it's going to make the main channel. This will probably end up in members. Okay. Folks, if you want to see actual like legit, not blurred out and way more screwed up in juries, I don't know why you'd want to see such a thing. We have that in the member section and all the other actual size scientists that came before this longer, harder, uncut, a bunch of other really content in our member section. Give that a click. Let's get back to the video. Larry, the cable guy has to make an appearance. So if you recognize him on the right side. Oh, wait. Is that really him? Get it in, brother. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Is that his humorous? Yeah, sure was. That's not a bicep, Tairman. That's the bone. Look at Larry's face. Poor Larry. Larry. Is Larry good at arm wrestling or some shit? Or are these just all very untrained people? Because snap that guy's arm. That looks fit. I know, man. Dude arm wrestling's crazy. So we got through good fatigue management. Next up is going to be proper warmups. In any acute injury, you have a, if you skip or shorten your warmup, your probability of getting hurt is much higher than if you take the warmups. I like the 128-4 system. 12 reps with your 30 rep max. 8 reps with your 20 rep max. Four reps with roughly your 10 rep max. Each one of those is a few minutes in between, a few minutes at the end. And then you're doing your actual work set for most hypertrophy work. Even a good deal of strength work. This is a good way to warm up. You want to mobilize and want to get flexible. If you rush the process, tissues that are physically cold are literally in the physics sense more brittle and more likely to snap. Warming up is a very good idea. And it also gets you grooved in with your technique. And again, good technique puts you into better positions so that you don't get hurt. So warm up has a multiple factors going for it to reduce injury probability in the best part. It also makes you stronger. Abletoe exhibit your strength better. So there's actually no good reason to not warm up outside of sheer laziness. And listen, a lot of the time I'll come to the gym and I won't warm up nearly as much as I should. That's a me problem. That's me being a bad person. Don't do stupid shit like I do. And like many people do warm up a ton. The next one is detecting the pre-injury. You're doing leg presses. Your quad feels real weird after rep number nine. Nine times out of ten. Just rack the weight. And if you get up after racking kind of wiggle your quad around massage it a little bit. Do a couple bodyweight squats and feels totally fine. Take half the weight off the leg press. Do it for a few reps. It feels totally fine. Get under the leg press with full weight. Do a rep or two rack. Feels great. Bad was just like many cramp or something. Nothing just keep doing sets. You lost nothing except for ten minutes of your time. And you probably maybe possibly gained never having to get hurt. Whereas if you feel really weird in your quad structure or something weird you're like that one more rep that rep could be the thing that tears your quad. And then you're going to spend a lot of time in the hospital bed and wishing you had stopped. A lot of times injury comes out of nowhere. There's nothing to do about it. And there's nothing to do about it. There's nothing to do about it. There's nothing to do about it. Don't ever worry about that. But if you know that you ignored your best senses. And you're like, yeah, I should rack this. That's the thing. A lot of times with peck tears when you're coming up. You're going to feel your peck get real tight and real weird. That's when it's time to rack. And sometimes people keep going and then the whole thing goes. Because if it gets real tight and weird weird, maybe for two weeks you can get really sore all the way up through the tendon. Rehab, you know, just get the lightweight super deep stretch. And after a month you're as big as you've ever been. Strong as you've ever been. There's no macro damage. You're just getting new PR as all the time. If you go out of that second rep or whatever rep number seven or whatever it is. And then you snap your shit up. You might not be the same for a year. Your pecks might never feel the same again because you'll have a full of all jam. Huge, huge deal. And then lastly, some combination of knowing when to say when. You're on set number six of the leg press and your quads are wobbly and shaky and you're going to have a real trouble with technique. You're already pumped to shit and your friends like do. Let's do a drop set or something. You do that. You get to stop when you're done when you're cooked when you're cached out. Sometimes you've got to be like, you know what man? We had a great workout. I accomplished everything that my RPI, Pertrfee app, link in description, said it was a good idea to accomplish. We're done here. Going for that extra mile. Sometimes awesome. But sometimes when you're like, I don't know man. I don't even have this ability to do this anymore. Just knowing when to say when is going to save you from injury a bunch. And the big part of that, this is why it's count is only six of these. But eight depending on how you caught him is just not doing dumb. Dumb is a very wide plethora of stuff. But it mostly includes ego lifts you've never trained for. Like the strong man or like, oh, you're pretty jack. Think you can overhead press this. You like, yeah, why not? You don't warm up. You just do it. You snap your dumb. Is when you are get real competitive and lose track of your programming. You're doing sets of fives with someone's like, amen. Let's like work up to a single. You're like, yeah, let's do it. Unplanned stuff like that. Ballistic jumps and things. A lot of people get hurt from like grappling in the gym when they're not trained. Grapplers, you know, like, I've been involved with other, you know, content creators. And one of them, I will say who this is, I thought I could figure a bad bad thing at all. But he's like, hey, like, do you think you can take me down? And I'm like, well, that probably, you know, and he's like, all right, do it. And I'm like, I got in on a single and I just tried to pull a little bit and he backed up. And I was like, I couldn't do it. And he's like, man, I thought you were like a black belt or whatever. And I was like, well, yeah. But then if you think it through, like, what am I going to do? I'm going to, I'm going to, I haven't warmed up. I'm going to rent you a single out of you. I'm going to pull my bicep. I got training to do. I can't afford to do that. Or I'll rent you a single, but you didn't ever wrestle. You know, how to defend it. You fall on your ass and crack your classics or something like that. Because it's the gym floor or you try to really defend. I push your leg up and you fall and hit your head on a weight stack. No one is having any fun. And remember the outcome of, oh, he could take me down on the gym. This is a year award for that. So a lot of times like getting into stupid is absolutely a number one way to get hurt. Of all of the things I've ever gotten hurt through my life, doing dumb. It was rank number one by a long shot, doing program. Even very heavy lifts in the gym almost never got me hurt. So next time you wanted to dumb, like seeing who can cheat curl the most, just don't do it. All right. Re-racking on to independent racks is a f***ing perilous perilous thing. Ugh, it hit him in the face. Scott, this isn't even over because the shit is still up in the air, huh? Oh my god! It pinned him at the end. That was dumb, you guys. The gym can be a dangerous place, but I will tell you as this. The vast majority of injuries that you will ever see, you only see because they are rare and very shocking. And you can get this illusion via what's called the availability of your aesthetic, which is whenever stuff you've seen, your brain starts to build out its world model and say, oh, that's what happened. And if you've seen a lot of injury videos, you think they happen all the time. If the thing is you've seen one of the 50 injury videos around the whole world that have catalogued a huge fraction of the injuries that have ever happened. So, I will say statistically, every single sport, as far as I know, is a more dangerous than lifting weights at the gym. And as a higher injury rate, basketball, soccer, forget about it. Way more dangerous. Now, when you see soccer players just kicking the ball around, you don't ever think like, oh my god, they're in dire straits. When you see big, heavy weights and people moving around, it's natural human intuition to think, oh my god. This is like super dangerous. Where the reality is, the environment in lifting weights at the gym is so well controlled. And the forces are onset very slowly and with a very dedicated range of motion. And in soccer, all you have to do is you step wrong. Your cleat catches a little hole in the ground and you turn your foot out and there go half your tendons in your knee. So, basketball, anytime you get off the ground, the return and you fall incorrectly is a huge disaster. When I'm going to talk about cheerleading gymnastics. So, the reality is this lifting weights is super, super ultra safe. If you intake and process the recommendations I gave earlier about being smart about stuff, and if you do get hurt, come back extra slowly. You're probably going to have an amazing time of the gym, and you're probably never going to hurt a huge, huge way to see out for a long time. And if you do, it is an opportunity to level up and use that as an excellent experience to harden up and to take all of those lessons how you overcame the injury into the rest of your life. Folks, stay safe out there. And if you have a hobby that includes watching people get hurt, go get screened for psychopathy and stay the way from the rest of us. JK sort of, I've been Dr. Mike. And I'll see you guys next time. I was done. This video here is probably more entertaining and informative. And it probably doesn't have people's traffic in half. Click on it or just go take a break. Think about God. See you next time.