Oh, this shit is hard though, how fellas. This is like cartoonish nonsense. It feels on every single evidentiary based ground of exercise and sports items. I said before, these people won't do a lot of science. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I am a former professor of exercise and sports science. Black belt. I'm going to use you to grapple. And I'm going to fight you, Bill. Yeah, who's it? And today I am reviewing the none other than legendary sort of fad in fitness functional patterns. Let's find out if there's a pattern to this. Let's find out if there's function. Let's look at a lot of really hot people move three to mention three, two, one, hot people. All animals with the spinal column have distinctive ways of moving in space. Humans also have specific movements that define us at a basic level. Although anthropologists debate how and why we evolve these traits, they pretty much all agree that standing, walking, running and throwing are the defining aspects of human movement. Standing is not a movement. I'm just being a dick, but it's really not. Cool. There are lots of other movements that humans do all the time, reaching down to pick things up as one of them, grappling and combat as one of them. It's nice to be able to boil human movement down to a few simple types of movements, stereo type movements, but it's a bit more complex in this, but it's not wrong, just a bit of stuff left out. At functional patterns, we orient our entire training methodology to respect these adapted evolutionary traits. All pain free movement and humans relates to these big four functions in some way. Okay, that's make belief. You can do these functions and get a lot of pain just from shitty genetics, just from excessively high forces, just from trauma from these movements being done, too much repetition, too much load. And so the pain free thing is just like a marketing gimmick as far as I can tell. If you can move competently in a bunch of dimensions with your body, the probability you have low pain is much higher, so it's good to do this. But there's nothing special about these kinds of movements that if you do them, it's going to reduce your pain. Just doing conventional training in the gym does probably more for reducing pain in everyday life than almost anything else you can do, these movements included. So conventional strength training, rehab and stretchy programs are made up of exercises that are detached from our evolution. Okay, so humans did not evolve to have healthy joints. Humans did not evolve to be particularly competent at modern environments at modern tasks. Humans didn't evolve to be very strong. Humans evolved to be decent, good enough survival machines, probably for the most part in small societies in the African sub-Saharan Savannah. And so that's where we gain most of our anatomical evolutionary kind of drive. And so if we have exercises that tax large muscle groups through large ranges of motion, strengthen almost every part of your body, things like deadlift's deficit deadlift's presses rows, they generally make the body really strong and really competent. And when you take that body and you teach it how to move in whatever sport or activity you're doing, you can have all the strength, all the size, all the tendon health and all competence covered. If you over apply the principle of specificity to make everything in the gym look like real natural organic human movement, which will almost never do anyway, then you're needlessly undervaluing these amazing discoveries that the barbell, like the compound movement, which are not in alignment with evolution. They make you better than you could have ever been in your evolved state. There's nobody in evolutionary history, short of people that used barbells that could deadlift eight-hour pounds squat 500 or squat 600 and bench 400. People like that just did not exist. Barbells and machines and all the advancements in technology can make you better at sports and can make you healthier, it can make you better at all movement than moves that look like they are evolutionarily related. That's just a thing. At F.P., we focus on relating every motion back to our biology. What part of walking with ski poles and being held down by another person with an ankle weight attachment to a free motion machine looks like art of all biology. For the love of God, there's a lot of that in here. Wow. When you train your body in a way that respects millions of years of evolution, you make continuous. My God, Scott, look at that. There's like all the orders of life. It's like vonga, little fishies, and your foot. I can see the whole arc of the timeline. I'm like a part of a bigger thing, you know? Pass the mushrooms. Can you ask progress without degeneration or pain? This is why people who practice F.P. don't seem to pick up training injuries. Instead they become leaner, stronger, and more agile. And they can easily maintain this level of fitness. I mean, Scott, how upset are we at this insane false advertising bullshit? Like I get that when you have hip and back pain, you're both sad and your upper body for some reason is also not jacked. And that when you've resolved your hip and back pain, somehow your side delts grow. But this is like cartoonish nonsense. Yes, it's good to not be in pain. If you're not in pain, you can train really well. And you can get jacked. The thing is that person right there who got jacked with functional patterns could be more jacked doing conventional gym training, which is optimized to get you jacked. And so I think they're on solid ground when they say our shit can make you move more fluidly, which is dope. But really can. But when they're like, hey, look, before and after is a really impressive, like you step into the world of before and afters, you're going to get run over by the giant truck of hypertrophy training. It's just better. It's optimized for that goal. Would we claim that using the RPI Perch Friap is going to make you super athletic? No, because it won't. Because it'll just make you much, much more jacked and probably a lot stronger too. And leaner if you control your diet. But are we saying that it makes you better at soccer and all that stuff? No, that's for you to figure out on your free time. If functional patterns stuck to the fact that it is like a really good way to move, teaches you got to move, synergizing all of your muscles and naturally, where reduce the probability you get hurt doing random shit, like gardening or hiking, they don't really solid ground. It's a great system for that. But if you're saying, hey, look, like we can get people jacked and lean, like, yes, that can also happen. But except because of functional patterns, has some kind of huge upside in that market, it actually has a downside. It's a very inefficient way to get as jacked as possible. So just something that has to be said. Well, it's an inefficiency. Yep, efficiency is a wild claim. It's backwards. That's the opposite. Scott, I'm getting angry. It may again. Well, we're barely getting started. I took like 20 minutes. That was just the overview. Part one. If you want to improve your energy sustainably, fix your bio mechanics, improve your posture. Poster has almost nothing to do with sustainable energy. This is just a fact moving on. When you improve your posture at a fundamental level at a deep level, it's good to improve it at a fundamental level, Scott, and not at some peripheral level, or something like that. Surface level posture. Yeah, you like have good posture, like, but you're not, you don't really have good posture. Slouching on the inside. You're slowly slouching where matters in your heart. You change the visco elastic consistency in your fascia. So that's make belief in all of the internal nonsense. Thank you, naughty eyeglar. That will carry fourth phase water that is negatively charged. Wait, no, wait. Scott, he's right. I just did the calculus in my head. And I knew that water could be negatively charged in fourth phase. He's beginning to believe. Folks, there is still more video to come. But a quick reminder, a longer, more uncut, significantly more perverse version of this video. And many other videos exist in our members channel. Members area. There's going to be a click. You can click on it. Link you can link on. Go give it a click. Sign up, just a little bit of money for a huge amount of value. All right, back to the video. If you are negatively charged with your body, the probability is you are going to be much more energized than if you are not. Folks, believe it or not, the human body is not a battery. And your overall energy level has much more to do with the kind of substrates you're using. And your very intricate molecular machines that both create an extract energy that it does with some kind of whole body charts nonsense. Scott, we're like subscribing to the cartoon theory of energy when you get struck with lightning. You can like super punch people afterwards. You can get struck with lightning folks. You just burn to a crisp and die. God dammit. This is just pure make believe. I didn't know he was this far off. Holy crap. Dehydration is a main reason that most people are lacking energy in modern times. Very, very, very dehydrated today. It makes me worry about all the dehydrated people in the world. So that's bullshit. Most people are not dehydrated in modern times. It is probably true to say that an unsusual times people are much more dehydrated because your probability of drinking poisonous bacteria late in water was much higher. Your access to clean reliable water was much lower. And also hydration doesn't have almost anything to do with perceived energy levels outside of very, very large extremes. It's matter of fact, many people are a little bit dehydrated a little bit of hydrating and they can't tell. And thirst is incredibly efficient, incredibly effective response to tell you when it's time to drink more water. So unless you go around the day just terribly thirsty, as long as you're drinking water, you're probably pretty good. And you're probably feel great. Or you feel like shit, but you feel like shit probably because you don't get enough sleep. You're overstressed. You need too much junk food and you're overfat and shit like that. You fix that. You're going to be much better shape. More muscle, less fat, more sleep, manageable stress, good relationships in your life. A lot of toxic can work on internet culture. You'll all in your way. You're going to drink a couple extra cups of water per day. I'm not going to help much. And if you stay hydrated with the right type of water in your system, let's go. I'm going to list the types of water, ready? H20. Yep. That's it. Nope. There's only one kind of water. Good God. Maybe you saw by heavy water from nuclear reactors. You drink the shit, you're like, I don't feel so good. I got it. Trust me. It's a transitional phase. It's just fourth phase. Whoa. You will completely change your life and you will not need coffee and you will not need any stimulants or energy drinks or any kind of adder-all riddle-in or whatever. Crack their feeding people in modern time. They aren't doing shit. People have attention deficit disorder. People realize that when they're fatigued, they can consume stimulants and get a short-term boost. Many people realize they're downside system-yled, as well as upside, so the choice to use stimulants should be done intelligently with their absolutely normal ways to do them. There is no conspiracy to feed you adder-all not a adder-all. And if that's the case, how come your boy needs to go out of college campus and pretend to look like Harry Potter to get some an adease to party God dammit? Scott, once the last time you could just ease the access adder-all everywhere. Hmm, it's not so busy. My psychiatrist is like, you don't have a diagnosable disorder. I can't continue to prescribe you. What do I usually get? Adder-all? I got hip pain, per cassette. I got leg pain, vikin' in. I have blue pills. I need to get my blood. I need the Viag, say, say, your boy got a perform. And all that stuff is so stressful. I need zannies to get me down. And a new day is something during your workouts to keep you better hydrated as well. Meth. No, yes. All right. So fourth-dimensional wizard water is not a thing. And hydration is normally not a problem. However, if you are training very hard and you are sweating a lot, and especially if you have multiple training sessions per day and hot environments, just regular water is totally fine to rehydrate with. But you can do better and it doesn't require any dimensions. It turns out the relancer to how to hydrate better is kind of like, oh, really? And it's salt. And it turns out that you can put the exact proper ratios of all the different kinds of salts, slash electrolytes, same thing that you need into your water with just one packet of element. And you shake it up and you realize inside the water, there's a discount code for element that we have because we promote the product, yep, that was an ad read. Elements is dope. We don't have fourth-dimensional water yet, but hey, our scientists are working on. Do more meth folks that's good advice. Your muscles are meant to be integrated, which means they need to work together. The problem with most modern gyms is that people are spending their time doing the opposite. Yeah, because they want jacked arms. This is not rocket science. They don't think Mr. Colonel Man is looking for a totally integrated athletic physique. When you go into division one, strength and conditioning programs around the country, they're usually not doing functional patterns. They're doing compound body weight and barbell lifts that also integrate massive fractions of the body and actual functional movements like pushing and pulling and picking things about the ground and throwing them. Rotational work important? Yes, but it's not the only part of the picture. I said these guys were discovered or patient work and they were like, this is it. Share, it's a part of it. But the whole gym exists for really good reasons. Using exercises that train their muscles and joints. Scott, appraised the physique. On a... Looks functional. Looks functional to me. On a scale of can't get it to can get it. I think I know what to get it out of town. We'd get it out of town. To work in isolation versus getting into work as a system. Okay, I'm not sure of any specific sport move that requires you to do all of that load at the same time. It's like figuring out wacky ways to incorporate lots of parts of your body but not overload hardly any of them. Like your legs hardly work in that whatsoever. You just just one tiny little dumbbell like guaranteed if we sat that guy down and he could shoulder press a lot more. And like look in real world scenarios, you want bigger and stronger. Like learning to move like this is dope. But spending all this time, you just be a spent on sport training. Because like, you know, if there's like put this guy into a grappling match. Or whatever he trains now, he'd be better at grappling if he was actually big and strong. Gordon Ryan's out here doing bench presses and steroids and he's gonna beat everyone's ass. And all this functional shit is dope and all it's looks cool, it's got vibes. But sport training does the functional shit 50 times better than the functional shit can do it. Lifting is to make muscles bigger and stronger in coordinated ways. And you can do that with conventional lifts and a little bit of this stuff. This is overkill people. Big time overkill. We deviated from our natural roots of movement. Ooh. Folks, do not make fun of weightliftingers or crossfitters. Because however much you think you can move, they're better at it than you are. They're the best movement people in the world. Scott, do you think they're gonna try clown on strong men next? That'd be really funny. They're basically our good god. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right, so that specifically is great. Okay. So the bar is two things. The same load on both sides. So there's actually no rotational vector whatsoever. Rotating a bar is difficult when there's something pulling more on one side than the other. First, second of all, there's actually nothing pulling on either side of the bar because gravity points down. That whole demonstration of the bar back and forth is faking nonsense. It's a circus trick. Anybody can do that. The only limiting factor that is can you actually have the mobility to rotate your core, which is good to do for stretching or gymnastics work. And then everyone can do that. It is not a challenge. It is a fundamentally pointless movement. Ah! Oh, my god! Oh my god! This is happening. They dog down Jared Feather. Yes. This is such an honor, guys. This is IFPB Pro Jared Feather. My father. And he is a competitive pro bodybuilder, a former competitive moi tie fighter. He is a 510 and a 220 pounds shredded. He's a classic physique pro. And he also played, he was recruited by numerous D1 schools to play football. But it was an interesting concussion. So he just went to school school and that's how I met him. And Jared is quintessential athlete. And I can guarantee you he can beat the living shit out of jump higher and run faster than that 10,000 BC mother. Oh, they got. Who's an actor? This is not a video taken in 10,000 BC. All right, let's talk that shit. Wait, wait, wait. Is anything going to be said? Nope, this is just a joke. I can't tell you. I can't tell you. I can't tell you. I can't tell you. I can't tell you. I can't tell you. Oh, okay. So the guy doing this, that's Kyle Dake. Kyle Dake is one of the greatest American wrestlers of all time. And Kyle Dake is known as being someone who's really strong. I'll say this, unfortunately, Kyle Dake is associated with functional patterns. And Kyle Dake was one of the greatest wrestlers of a generation before he ever started doing functional patterns. And so, you know, if I was to say like, yeah, but who the hell is this guy? Like, Kyle Dake can take me down for I teleporting him from China doing it. I can't even see him coming. For sure, he can beat my ass. He could do all that bullshit. But functional patterns didn't make him him genetics. And about 18 years of hard grind to the face wrestling work made Kyle Dake Kyle Dake. So it's just a little bit. It's like if we talk about how awesome Jared is, but never mentioned the fact that he's been on both those of steroids and he was born perfect with a waste of this big to begin with. Got a lot of my face. Is that Jeff Nippert up there? Am I having a, yes, they don't Jeff as well. Damn. All right. By the way, if you guys are interested in like wrestlers with really cool physiques, like there's a lot of people with impressive physiques, lead movement abilities like Kyle Dake and men's son. And most of them just do conventional lifting. Most wrestlers do conventional lifting all around the world. And like there's lots of them that look cool as in Kyle Dake. This doesn't prove a whole lot. This does not prove a whole lot. We will never ever try out Jared and be like, you can look just like Jared if you get the arp and hypertrophy out. God damn it. Okay, so to, to their credit. You guys notice how Kyle Dake ripped that little chopping motion. Real fast real dynamic, huge follow through. That is a really good thing to do. And for wrestling and for almost every other sport, it's a really good idea to include very loaded, very fast acceleration based rotational movements. 100%. This is awesome. So the answer isn't 2025 versus 10,000 BC and functional patterns, I guess. The 10,000 BC Scott were just a bunch of people going to their deaths to fight elephants, the 50 times their size or whatever. The answers both guys, traditional lifting or whatever, barbell, stembells, machines. And rotational work. If you guys ever want to look up how the rotational works, actually done really well. Look up, discous, javlin and shop put throwers. They're already doing this, except they do a better than functional patterns. Because they're not addicted to an ideology that's exclusionary. Sorry, functional patterns. I'll love respect. The purpose of exercise is to move the lymphatic fluids. Right. So first of all, your lymphatic system moves around on its own just fine. Moving around, secondarily, to that can help it move. It's not the purpose of exercise. Maybe this clip is why they add a context, but the purpose of exercise is to give you all of the benefits of human movement. It burns more calories, normalizes your blood sugar and blood fats. It's healthy for almost every cell of your body. So it improves health and longevity. And it makes you more functional and mobile and less likely to get hurt. And it's a huge stress reliever and mood booster. But apparently that I call it the lymphatic fluids. Out the case. Although looking like Jack Jesus works for me. Maybe he's like a Jack Moses, huh? As more of a Moses guy. Yeah. Body needs to move every day. Walking is the best exercise for human beings in my humble opinion. Walking is too easy for most humans to be considered the kind of exercise that gives you the biggest bang for your buck. And it is very inefficient. Now walking is great. But you can do better than walking. Resistance training, especially resistance training with short breaks in between low rest to get your heart rate going is probably the most efficient way to exercise. But there's a ton of different ways of exercising that are awesome, saying that walking is the best one. At best makes no sense at all and it works just pure doctrine. It's the way we're designed to move through time and space. It's also a distressing exercise in these very stressful times. Yeah. These times are the least stressful in all of human history. It's probably the bad thing is that there's so little stress that we're going and saying from anxiety. But I will say walking is great. It's just typical functional patterns. Take something that's cool. Say everything else sucks and it's the best and be wrong a lot. Folks. You should give functional patterns a try. As they have many movements, specifically they're loaded high speed rotational work. They can make you better at being rotational athlete that can help you develop ranges of motion you typically don't see in conventional training. They can help enhance your quality of life and reduce injury. Some fatic flow, fourth dimension of water and the fact that these movements are categorically better than traditional weightlifting movements, a powerlifting movement is all pure nonsense and horseshoes. Functional patterns. You guys are doing great. It's just up to talk a lot of shit about other people. You can all put down our weapons of mass exercise science destruction, hug it out and live peacefully. And boy, many of the functional patterns people have quite nice bodies that I would love to hug peacefully. Anyway, I give functional patterns and has been around for a long time saying nonsense out of 10, which is actually a pretty decent system to add to your current system of training out of 15. What? I've been Dr. Mike and I'll see you functionally next time. Nice. I give them a fourth phase of water out. That was actually a true. The vibrational healing I can feel myself. Woo! That was fun. I feel more functional and I can detect patterns everywhere. Would you like more patterns that may or may not be functional? This video right here is going to hook you up. See you next time.