This is taking an exercise that's actually very good for the back and making it even worse. This is a modification that looks fancy the makeshift worse. It's like we're back and we're having a Hollywood again, huh fellas? Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. I am the creator of the RPHA-perchography app and I'm her professor of exercises for science at Lehman College in the Bronx in New York City in the United States. Uh, North America in the Western Hemisphere on Earth, which is in the solar system. And it's the very same solar system from which Mr. Duane, aka The Rock Johnson also comes from and resides and lifts weights and is so handsome. Me and The Rock want to beach a deserted beach. Couple of unicorns running around and we're running to we're holding hands. That's how I see this video turning out. Let's see if I'm right. By critiquing his exercise techniques. One, two, three. Go! Yeah, chains brother. I saw a movie once called Bikini Chain Gang. It was an adult film. Are we getting canceled yet? What the chains do is they create needless wobbling, which destabilizes your body and actually reduces force production by your shoulders. Almost every time you destabilize this system, it is unable to produce as much force as if it is stable, locked in and grounded. So this is interesting variation. It makes for great Instagram views, but unfortunately is not nearly as effective as just a pair of dumbbells. Which I know is too boring to put on the gram or the tick-tock or the f*** white forever the rocks. Pubblessist posts a shit. Just smash the camera with that. Oh shitty, broke the rest of the camera. Yeah, his techniques not terrible, although he's like kind of lurching forward at the bottom and then kind of rising up with more than just a shoulderers. I would love for him to do this either seated or standing with dumbbells, but really locked into position and doing it with strict control. Maybe if Max, Strazzney, our editor is worth anything at all, he'll put a video of Jared Father doing proper lateral raises in there, at least someone that's doing it right. But Max always fails us, so he'll probably f*** that up to. Always treat your employees. Like you treat yourself. Warly. It was disdain. I would like to come up to the rock. I'm noticing his tattoos. In my deal world, I come up to the rock and I, hey, and he's like, hey, what's up? I'm like, what are your tattoos mean? And I just don't care what he says after him. Blah, blah, blah, blah, j'all-eyed, beautiful face and I'm like, aha. Just say whatever the rock. Just grab me already. Just hold me, please. I need therapy. All right, now we have standing dumbbell curls. Yeah, pretty good. Coming up nice and high. I would like to see him come back a little bit more at the bottom to get that stretch. And also, you'll notice he's leaning forward at the bottom. That lever just him to lift the weight properly. But it leverages his biceps into a stronger, less exposed, less potential for muscle growth position. You want to expose the muscles, putting them into disadvantage position. So they really have to work the way out of there. So what I would like to see him from him is for him to stand up straight and push his chest out at the bottom and really bring his arms back, stretching and living dog shit out of those biceps. This is an terrible yet, let's see if it gets better. We're a certain neutral. And so he stopped sort of before lock out again. I would like to see a bigger stretch with the bottom. Oh, I think he's doing some of his reps like partial at the bottom and some he's swinging up real high. Seems a bit arbitrary. Yeah, that's like I would play because it's an alternating partial. Yeah, alternating bottom end partial and full range. Not terrible. Pretty good idea. Interesting to try to track it. But I think there's this quite good. Again, if you're going to do the bottom end partial, you might as well get the big stretch at the bottom. That's kind of why you're doing it. All right. Now we have preacher curls. These are very good. No critique so far. I would like to see him get all the way down to a big stretch at the bottom with that's just being being nitpicky. This is great. Man, he literally has a sign in the gym called Project Rock. Scott Vita guy is RP the wrong name should this be Project Mike. No wait wait. Rock's not his given name. What's my nickname? I'm not allowed to say that online. Yes, it is a racial slur for the Jewish people. They get that one out. Self-appointed by the way. Don't call me that online because they will block you. But I'm good with it. If you see me in real life, come to that Shannon Day. Great. Wow. What quality and control? Oh, shit. Here we go. Middle range reps, which are a f***ing waste of time. Just a few of them. Not terrible because they did him at the end when he already tired. This is a very good set. The rock, you're back on my green list. The good list. Mike Santa Claus, except that I'm bringing any presence. I just judged the f*** out of you on the internet. Yeah. I'm pathetic. All right. We've got Smith machine rose. Okay, first the good things. He's getting good stretch at the bottom, which is great. He doesn't seem like he's swinging a lot, which is also great. He's bent over for the general gym and fitness populace quite well. I would love to see him bend over considerably more for two reasons. One is that leverages you to use more of your back and have to use less external weight and stretches your muscles more. So it's actually going to cause more muscle growth if you really bent over and two. Just kind of want to see the rock bend over further. Why do I keep doing this? I'm heterosexual man. I have a wife at home. But the rock, you just see him and I'm like, what am I even? Should I be in Hollywood? Can I just smell the rock? All right, in any case, the bad. The chains on the sides are a big f***ing problem. Here's why. One of the big disadvantages of a barbell row of any kind is that it's mechanically disadvantageous the higher up you go. So closer to your tummy, this is where you usually fail. But down here in the stretch is where you actually want to fail because you want the limiting factor to be the most hyper-trophic part of the movement, which is the big bottom stretch. The bent over row doesn't do that well. So it's in some sense at least a little bit inferior in that regard. But how can you make it worse? Well, you put f***ing chains on it so that it's even harder at the top when the chains leave the ground and even easier at the bottom when the chains touch the ground and de-load the bar. This is taking an exercise that's actually very good for the back though beating out ideal and making it even worse. This is a modification that looks fancy. The makes it worse. It's like we're back in f***ing Hollywood again. Hot fellas? They actually modified the squatting motion, which would normally be done on a flat, a stable surface. Only in f***ing Hollywood. Can you take a movement that was just your bodyweight squat with no equipment? That would have been the superior movement and you made it worse. Oh shit. Big ass Smith machine in-clined wide grip press coming up. Folks, I will eat my shoe if it actually touches his chest on all of the reps. Hi, shoes not on the menu fellas. God damn it. Folks, the bottom end range for the 50,000th time. These are the one that grows either most. And I know it's uncomfortable to be all the way over here feeling your pecs tear apart, but would it be crazy if I told you that you're in the gym training chest in the order to hit your pecs to basically repropark in a controlled manner? And yeah, you won't be able to lift as much weight. But again, other than the girl that you will never fuck anyway, she's never noticed you who you think cares about weights but doesn't, nobody gives a shit about how much you lift if your goal is physique. Period. You guys want to see more of this video with more unedited raw footage and crazy wacky takes. We can't legally put on public YouTube, join our members section to get the full length version of this video. Okay, looks like we have some dumbbells, okay. So this is kind of like a dumbbell sumo deadlift's slash squat situation. I assume he's training the glutes. Hopefully not the quads a lot because there's not a lot of knee flexion. Well, I'll say about this exercise as a few things. The rock is kind of like a real-life Superman. So he weighs like kind of an only two-four. You're something maybe even more. There is not a dumbbell unless you're in Brian Shaw's gym and there's like 300's around which is going to challenge him in this movement. So using a dumbbell here means the external load is probably too low. If he just did one swap, it would be just to get rid of the f***ed dumbbell and just get a barbell. This is one of these things that if you're not particularly strong, you have a lifting long time and you're much older or much younger, you can actually use the dumbbell in this style to get a really great workout, but the rock probably can't because he's so jacked that it doesn't make any sense. Like so for example, just using knee, I can get a lot out of a deadlift of this nature anywhere between let's say 400 and 600 pounds. Let's not cut many slack that a 400 pounds. What the f*** am I going to do with like 150 pound dumbbell even, which is like bigger than most dumbbells and most how much is the mealism I'm getting with 150 pounds in the deadlift. Like that's my first warm-up. I can do 100 feet of pounds of deadlift until I get like a rabid-o or pass out from not enough oxygen. It's just not training the muscles a lot because the external load is too low. Very typical Hollywood thing, unfortunately making things look hard, when reality to the muscle that they're targeting, they're not that hard. I will say the cadence is very good. Slowie centric, nice pause at the bottom, and then a smooth concentric. Very excellent. I just kind of wish he wasn't doing it with a f*** dumbbell. Damn it and he could probably go a lot deeper if the dumbbell wasn't standing straight up like that. So a barbell with some 25s loaded on it, it would just be better. Just better. Sometimes there's nuance and sometimes things are just better. Ooh, weighted dips. Okay, the chains on the neck is actually a good place to post the resistance if you want your body to can't really afford a little bit and get a little bit more parallel to the ground and expose your chest. So these are great dips for a combination of a very good tricep stimulus and an excellent chest stimulus. So far so good on that. Okay, he's not coming up all the way, which is not a big deal, but he's going pretty deep. By Hollywood and regular lifting standards, that's actually quite deep. What I would like to see is him sagging and go even a little bit deeper and maybe take a second at the bottom or half a second at the bottom to really stretch the packs out that would help, but this is actually very good so far. I'm used to saying so far for these videos because inevitably I'm going to go to hell. Yeah, not terrible, not terrible at all. And very intelligent use of the variable loading. You have two chains on. I believe two chains is a musical artist also that the kids listened to or did 15 years ago when I knew what music was. Now he's down to one chain, which is great because he got close to failure with two chains, reduced the load, get right back into the mix. A couple reps coming his way with one chain. Hopefully he also drops the one chain and does some bodyweight stuff. This is really awesome. This is really awesome stuff. Oh, yep, last chain off. And he's doing it again. I love it. Very good. Again, I just like to see his eccentric little bit slower and maybe that one second bottom pause to really stretch the packs. But that's being nitpicky. This is really good stuff. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That's failure. Always going at it again. Oh, wow. He's doing sort of forced negatives. This is really intense. He's got a great set up for it. So what he's doing here is he already went to failure even with bodyweight. But since he can no longer concentrically lift himself up, we know from a ton of research that your eccentric strength, your ability to lower something under control is way higher than your concentrist strength, your ability to return it back. So even with his bodyweight, he's no longer strong enough. He's too fatigued in order to push it up. He's not so fatigued that he can't control the descent. And if you take your muscles really far beyond failure and you start doing forced eccentrics, I mean, you don't do this super often because it will f*** you up in a good way. But a lot. Man, if you guys want to try this work out at home, holy shit, you might just need to do like what he did literally just now, a couple of sense of dips. And you might get sore pecks for a few days. So this is really awesome stuff. Yeah, if you guys have checked out our other Hollywood critique celebrity critique training videos, you will now understand that even halfway through the video right now, the rock is doing a f***ing 100,000 times better job than almost all of these other celebrities. And curiously enough, he's way more jacked. Weird. Ok dokey. Just when we thought things were getting good, the f***er he returns. Folks, the one arm at a time pressing bullshit is a f***ing gigantic waste of time. If you want to train one arm at a time, just lock in this hand f***ing really go at it with this one because this one locks you in and makes you really stable and you're actually able to generate a ton of force with one arm more than if you divide the force by two with two arms, believe it. I lateral defensive. And then you rest, you grab this handle with the full weights back on it just to send yourself in and then you go at it like that. Then you rest in repeat. If you're doing this and then this and then this, you never really can align your body properly to get the most juice out of any one pack and then if you're doing this and then this and then this, it strains the imagination as to why you didn't just do this. Either way, there's no good answer to that. It's just variation for the sake of variation. You can do better than that. There is no avoiding hard training if you want to grow. But if you want to grow the most, your training needs to be hard and smart. RP Hiperchrophy app will make sure you're progressing on track, monitoring and adjusting your workout at all times. So for all that work you're doing, you can be sure you're getting the best results. Oh boy. So this is about squat for question mark reasons because squatting is hugely beneficial if you go super deep. Maybe he has knee injuries I don't know about. In that case, I reserve criticism, but be much more effective for pretty much any goal if you took his foot stance and narrow it a little bit and he took like a five or six total plates off of the machine and he slowly dunked his boot hay all the way to the ground. That extra bottom range of motion is this squeezing juice of growth. That's the thing we want and he's missing it with every rep. I do in these top end partials. Yes, it's cool that you can put eight plates on a side on a pitch arc, bell squat machine. But not so effective. And annoying to put that many plates on there. So far, the rock really has only one drop. He's avoiding that bottom and stretch position, which almost everyone does as well. Folks, that's the shit in the gym that makes you the most jack. If I had one mission in life now who would be getting people to do that bottom and stretch. God damn it, folks, you're missing out on the best stuff. Why do people avoid it? Two reasons. One, the ego. Like you can't lift as much weight, which is painful in an egotistical way. And two, it just hurts down there man. It fucking hurts. Your shit is really just tearing apart, which is what you want. Lean into the pain, lean away from your ego. You don't have better results. I promise. Some abs stuff. Great, no complaints. If you do abs, anything other than shirtless. You're an idiot. Or you're a grotesque like me and nobody wants to see you with your shirt off. I make fun of you. They ruin your middle school, high school, college experience. Touch his abs to get that mind muscle connection. Stop touching your abs rock. Let me see them. Alright, this is called the Dix Macher exercise, where you smash your dick. I think that's all it does. It's I suppose a front raise for kind of side delts front delts. Just fine. Again, I have no idea how it's possible that he just can like the cables fucking smashing his dick. Folks, out. Oh shit. Concentration curls with the 50s, baby. I love that slowy centric. The swing of the way up not my favorite, but the slowy centric is baller. The concentration curl is generally a shit exercise because again, it emphasizes the contraction versus the stretch. Something like a Bayesian curl, which is something you could do Google. It looks belly match. It thinks mental hand summons and or just a curl with cables. Where you stand way in front of the cables and you bring the cables really far back in your curl or an inclined curl when you're on an inclined bench, much better force curve, much more fact, but this is just very impressive. I'm so old. Zoa for me. Now we have the V-squat looking machine. Not to be confused with the V-shred machine, which just does a lot of false advertising. Nothing happens. All right. This is cool. Again, the knee, I guess something must be wrong with the rocks knees, because his knee flexion angle is very not impressive. He would just get way more out of the movement if he moved closer into the machine, stood more upright, and dunked his glutes way lower, letting his knees come out. As he went down, that would be a way better quad stimulus. This is partial range emotion at the very top. It's not super effective. And finally, I assume we're walking lunges. Oh man, I get this god of he's something up with rocks knees. I feel like shit criticizing him if that's he's just not going super low. I would love to see the knee gently touch the ground every single time. Though, his use of chains is excellent because, well, nope, just kidding. There was no super set. He just stopped the chains altogether. Okay. So, my rating for these workouts is a B-minus. But it's the kind where you get the get your, I don't even know if they do this in school anymore. You get your paper and pencil test back from the teacher, and it says B-minus, and it's circled. But instead of like everyone else's grade who is whatever, it says C-min after class. And Mr. The Rock comes up to the teacher, which in this case is me. And whatever the adult version you have in your mind happens between us. Shower seam, loves seam, unicorn seam, dirty classroom sex, totally fine with me. Huh? All I would say is this. Rock is only of E-minus because you know get that bottom stretch. If you freely sunk it in and got that bottom big stretch, it would be a work. If not even a plus, the cadence is great, the control is great. Everything's awesome. Except that bottom stretch is just killing you. You would be an A-student if not for that, but you're going to have B-minus until you are in the same place. And Rock's a cool, cool doctor is retool. We'll try to do better now again. We have a scram, see? That's how you deal with students in real life. All right, see you in Leamham College. Peace on you.