Why, in God's name, is his waste approximately as wide as each one of his quads, enormous arms, enormous forms, humongous billowing lads, the teasiest, most tapered waste you've ever seen can has no weaknesses, normally that would be an exaggeration. This is not an exaggeration. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength, I am a former professor of exercise in sports science, a competitive bodybuilder, a black belt in Brazilian Gitu, why do I say these things in troc, because I think a lot of people watch this that have familiar with the channel and you need to know about how impressive an ego inflated I am. I came out weird, but it's not wrong. As inflated of an ego, as I could ever have, there are many people who can deflate my ego simply by existing. And one of the top tier people that does this every time I unfortunately scroll past his Instagram page, then scroll back and look at it for a long time, possibly touching myself. Is a Mr. Keon Pearson who appears on Instagram as Keon Protaji, how do you get a nickname like the Protaji, because you are born for lack of a better term? Flahlus. And you will like that, flahlus isn't good enough. I want to be supreme and then you develop what I consider the greatest physique of all time. Yes, it's true, I think that Keon Pearson has the single greatest physique of all time. Period. We're going to look at Keon's training, we're going to see what we can pick up as far as cool tips and tricks and it might add a little bit of my own BS for you the viewer at home. So let's get to it. We are six weeks out tomorrow for an industrial limpia, really, really pissed off in a good way, more so that I'm more motivated every time I see a picture of myself from the limpia last year. I just get so motivated, just one in a big deadlock every single day. And that's really what it's all about. A competing with other people mentally is really tough because you're not them, you don't control what they do. They have different genetics, different shape, different everything and you have a zero effect on the outcome. Competing against earlier versions of yourself is incredibly healthy. You don't want to hate earlier versions of yourself, but a low key level of like kind of pissed like Buck this guy and man, I'm going to beat this clown. Amazing because you really do have the same genetics and you have more work under your belt and you can go a little bit harder on the diet and you can be more meticulous about your training and put a physique on stage that beats the shit I've ever earlier you. If you can put a physique on stage consistently that beats earlier versions of you, which I have yet to do in my career mostly, you're going to be doing really well for yourself. This is an excellent mentality. So Kian is really doing a good job of controlling the eccentric on these reps. He's pulling down fast and hard, but he's coming up a little slower, getting that lat to expand. You'll also notice that he's turned completely straightforward. He's not letting the body tilt out and put less of a stretch on the lat. He's turned away so that he's getting a lot of stretch in the lat, which is a really, really good thing. For you guys at home, experiment with going up even higher, but other than that, these are really good reps. Oh. Notice he's pulling up really fast and then as soon as the bar starts going back down, he catches it in a plies e-centre control all the way through that deep stretch. Very, very good idea. And also, on biomechanical grounds, I think this machine is awesome. This is at the Dragon's Lateren Vegas, one of the best gyms in the whole world. And I, Scott, I want to like it, but I can hate it. Do you have machines like that where you know it's a good machine, but you're like, I hate how it feels. Every back machine, really. Really? It's funny because back is your strongest muscle group. So what do you like Scott the video guy for your back training then? Rose Smith machine rose pull ups pull down. Okay, he's hardcore, right? Dorian, you know? I'm gonna only the hardcore basics for Scott the video guy. I got it. Two. I'm mine. Oh dude, he milks. He milks the living dog shit out of that stretch. Two. That's kind of cool. At the end of the set, when he can't do 4-Age anymore, he just kind of tries to do as many parcels as possible. I wouldn't do that at ton, but as an intensifier every now and again, I think it's a real sharp move to really cook the living dog shit out of the muscle. Oh, we have lengthened parcels. Still getting a deep stretch. Last couple reps down there can't pull up anymore. Scientifically shown to enhance hypertrophy. I don't typically do these on back movements because I hurt too much and I'm like, not as tough as he happened to be clearly honest with you. Five, four, here it is. Three, two, what? Oh, yep. Dude, yeah. So he's arching his back a little bit at the top to get that P contraction, rounding in at the bottom to get that huge stretch. It's a big deal. And also, he has his significant other with him to motivate him. Scott, have you ever seen Crystal Train me like this? I haven't. She just makes fun of you without a cross. From across the way. I just want to ask you like, it's cool that I'm doing pretty well, right? Like I'm just like kind of the man, I'm just kind of succeeding everything, you know, saying, like big dick and shit. It's cool, right? Oh my tall, whatever. Yeah. I mean, everybody's talking to him. But yes, relatively speaking, you are tall. But like I'm great, right? You're fine. You're 100% fine. But like I'm also. You're good. Dude, do we have a good relationship? Or is this all bullshit because she won't support me like, um, you know, I'm saying Keanu's getting. It was a male order for a ride situation. Uh, I did technically order her from the Philippines. Yes. Let's go. Ooh, there's this fat, let's go. Dan, they're like face to face. I said, I can really come back of Huskah. She's a gaming one more or what if he's like, nah, she'd be like, my fucker, you heard me, bye. Damn. What do I think about forced reps? I don't like forced reps because I like to control my own shit. Maybe that's just me being personality. But if you give most of the reps your own good shit and then the forced reps help you continue to bring a muscle past failure, I think it's totally fine. It's fun. It's vibes. And if you can reliably count on your training partner to do it, then there's not really a lot wrong with that. If you're tracking your shit with like the RPI purgifi app or something like that, forced reps are not a good idea because it screws up your tracking and you can't tell if you're getting stronger over time. I don't think Keanu has that problem. So I think all's well that ends well. Scott. What's he got on his wrists there? You know the wrist straps, but God, I just can't behind you behind it because they're not the right time. What is the right kind people? You know, I was part of an interesting scientific group before. It was an expedition to the Antarctic. And you might think the following is just me like taking the alien versus predator plotline and co-opting it for a versatile grip, adry, but that would be absurd. So anyway, the spaceship blew a giant cylindrical home, the Arctic ice. We had no idea it was down there. And they're like, we need a sport physiologist to come with us just in case whatever's in there is good at sports or sport relevant. Everyone laughed at me. There was material scientists, physicists, lots of like Navy seals and stuff in case aliens came out in that two miles under the Antarctic ice. We found a case of Versa-Grips. Everyone else was like, what are they? Four, one of the Navy seals was pointing as God. He's like, should I show them? I'm like easy, easy. I walked up and like snake on. I know what these are. These are a grip assisted device that can allow you to hold on to anything for as long as you like your forums don't fail. Your grip doesn't fail. Your target muscles fail. Your delts for lateral raises and upright rows. Your back for every back movement. Your hamstrings for stiff leg and deadlift. If you have Versa-Grips, link in description, then you can train all of your muscles that would normally be limited by your hands as well as possible. Then I kind of do that smurkey grand. I do this and I was like, see? And they're like, but how do we know they're safe? And I was like, they're totally safe. Watch. I put my hand in there and I was like, God, God, I got to see if you can help me. I haven't slept many nights since then. It's in it to be honest. Do you know why Scott? Is it wouldn't let go? Because it's a Versa-Grips. Still coping. Link in description. Let's get out of the video. How many delts do you count Scott? This is not three. It's like nine. My man, the billuiness of the muscles is what just baffles the shit. I mean, okay. This exercise actually love the close grip pulled down allows your lats at the top to be stretched more than they would be if it was a wider grip because this literally brings your arm in and stretches the lats. But also seems like a real smooth way to pull. I've been getting into this recently in the last few months and I've loved it. You can lose lots of weight. And it's not this like really hard to get the contraction. You touch your chest really easily. So you can spend a lot of time in that stretch. It's a really, really awesome for folks at home. If you am a so-called kind of so jacked at his mobility is probably, but if you are able to really extend out for big stretch at the top, that's really going to help you. Also Scott, do you notice that he also has back of head wrinkles? I see that. Do you feel good? Yes. I just tell people I'm keen on when they ask. And they always ask. Think like day today. Prep is getting close to close. Was actually going to start prep next week. As you guys saw my check in, I blew the value in that. I saw that video Scott when I first came out. I almost quit lifting afterwards. I like that he posted because some of the guys are all secreted. Yes. They did whatever. Yeah, it's like I'm going to beat all you dumb motherfuckers and I'm like, ah, and also, by the way Scott, this is peak off season. Why do you, why is your waist like that peak off season? Make it make sense, can't. And we decide to add more food, which I'm totally fine with. Things change every year. You guys, your body changed. And you just have to adapt to how your body is right now. I don't need a 20 week prep. This is a big deal. So a lot of people find kind of a method of training or method of dieting that works for them. They do it for the same duration every time. And that brings some consistency. The variable that's missing there is that your body is a little bit different every time. And you know, we have more years under your belt, your bigger, your stronger. You have different stressors in life sometimes less sometimes more. And that requires adjustment. So while the template can and probably should be the same, various adjustments have to happen. If you run for a bit of the same thing every time, you will get different results. So when people say, what has got the definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results. We're like, ah, that's not as true as you would think. Because a lot of times you do a very different thing and get the same results or you do the same thing and get different results. The end of the day, that's why bodybuilding coaching is going nowhere fast. Fine, tune, meticulous adjustments are how you become the best bodybuilder that you can be. Sometimes it takes a lot of adjusting. Sometimes you go everything is on track. Let's just now move the needle at all. But it's good that Kiana and his coaching staff are keeping a sharp eye on how to optimize the process. This is, this is, this is, this is, this is, this is. Very good stuff. Very good intensity. Very good eccentric control. I've used that machine before. I would love to see you guys go as low as you possibly can. Kiana's going very low but he's stopping a few degree shy. If you go even lower, does two things, it makes you more jacked. And it also lengthens your muscles to some smaller extent and adds more muscle on that distal component of your hamstrings. So if you go as deep as you can, it makes your hamstrings bubbly, not close to your butt, but closer to your knee, which is exactly what everyone is going for with hamstring size. He does make some cool gym noises, I'll scat. It's a lot of different noises too. It's not. Some guys make the same noise every time and you're like the RP, high-perrophy app, removes all uncertainty and makes the training process precisely defined. Choose your pre-made workout plan from dozens available in the app, plug in your weights, and the app takes care of the rest for months of productive training. Ready? Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Sure! Sure! Dude, I feel like shit on that one. Scott, what is worse than like, leg extension caused quad pain? They're brutal. I hate it. I'm doing it one at a time to prolong the brutality. Took prolong the brutality. Honestly, fellas, I don't get them on at a time, shit. You guys can tell me in the comments what that's for. All of them are spiked, but that's what's up. Oh, look, it's Amanda and I told you, nobody playing out here, nobody playing. You guys, I'm not saying you should do this, but have children. Both that we can build an army of racially hybridized super soldiers. Does that sound crazy? Maybe. This sounds like a good idea. I think yes. Scott, what do you think? Army? They have to do it. They have to, come on, stop playing. Oh, God, those are hamstrings, Huscott. I know, it was just more of his quads. It's snuck in there. I'm tired of hearing hamstrings. I need to say quads. I predicted what you were going to say. Damn, can you? He's so jacked. He can tell like through space time when I'm going to say about him. Bell squads are, you can go to you guys. Bell squads are amazing. They don't have any actual fatigue. They don't fatigue your spinal cord or spinal column at all and all the muscles there. And that actually tends to be something to hold people back. If you do all that deadlift's rose and squats, it really beats you up in a way that just doing your legs doesn't. So this is really, really dope. Very good range of motion. You guys know me, I prefer even deeper than this. Very good control. This is tough. And a really good thing about the Bell squads exercise is when you get tired and you're close to failure, you can just lock out really lean forward into the device. Shake your legs out a little bit and keep going. That ability to do my reps is like something you can't do with a squat bar because as soon as you stand up with a squat and lock out, you're still on the timer that axial fatigue is pushing you down. It's draining you and there's no way you can rest underneath a squat bar. If it's just the Bell squat, you can rest a little bit and that means you can extend your sets into three, four, five approaches to failure in every single set. Really get you really only need one to three sets of that of the Bell squat, take it multiple times close to failure. So one to three mile repsets to do all the quad work you need for basically the whole week. It's a bad effect of an exercise. Oh, oh shit. Scott, did you see that? Yeah. And grab his ass. Hey man, do you see how his family gym catches going on doing that shit? How is theling of the glutes? Yeah. Is there a way that I could, you know what I'll allow him out of the stuff? But seriously, hit me. Oh. Oh. His legs are enormous. Have children. And his waist is so small that the whole thing just looks like we can build an army. Folks, there is a more video in just a second, but we have a member section where we do an expanded version of this video, an expanded version of every other exercise scientist to create video tons of vlog type of stuff, of me training of Jared training. A lot of technical videos that are way too nerdy for this channel over and make a zero money if we post them. That's all. Remember section. Give it a click. It's a little bit of money for a huge benefit. Now back to the video. Oh shit. Like press. This is good technique. Notice he is not necaving in towards his chest. His knees are coming out. His chest is sticking through his knees. He's going very, very deep at the bottom. His heels are planted firmly into the pads. This is high quality work. This is really awesome. Notice the control. He's not slamming it on the way down. He's not pushing with his hands. Total control the entire time. Very, very good stuff. So on this machine, one leg at a time actually does work because if you do two legs at a time, the way this machine is designed is really difficult to get a large range of motion. By doing it one leg at a time, he absolutely is getting a good range of motion. I just don't do it because it just gets a really interesting use of time. If Scott, do you want to be in the gym for twice as long and leg day or what? You know, one thing I do a lot is I count my leg days. I count all my training days, but especially the leg days, I think that's the most important thing that they know will leak for me. Leg days are different. What I always say is everything else is working out. You work out your chest back, shoulders arms, etc. Leg days are training. Leg days are hard on a totally different level. God was just telling me a story at the first time he did a hard leg workout. What's got it? Crushed you for like two weeks basically? Oh, yeah, I mean for two hours after it. For two hours after you were like cooked and you were like, what the hell is this? Yeah, it's different, man. Especially on prop, leg days are kind of a religious thing. Like a nervous the day before you show up, nervous for the workout and then after you feel totally liberated because not only have you kicked the monkey off your back for another weekend week or half a week, but you had to dig really deep and you feel amazing having pushed yourself despite all the circumstances. Alright, folks, that was really fun. There have been many, many unbelievable physics and amazing bodybuilders. Over the years, there are many currently competing. I do think Keon has a special place in bodybuilding history as one of the greatest, if not the greatest physics ever put on a stage, ever videotaped, ever seen in the gym and he seems like a super awesome person in real life. And so if you see him, he jealous but come up to him and say something nice and kind. There are many different types of inspiration you can draw, but the fact that someone can look like Keon inspires living shit out of me and I do follow him on Instagram and I absolutely August physique and I think like some day in some magical mystery world, I look a little bit more like that and that's enough for me to get to the gym the next day. In any case, Yahoo all of an respect, folks, and we will see you on Keon gets a prodigy out of ten that was easy. Alright, that was fun. I have body dysmorphian now. If you want to have more of it, maybe click on this video and I don't know how that's going to help you, but it's fun. See you guys next time.