Rep started taking 21 milligrams a test a week when I started. That's the max dose you can get prescribed from a doctor. It was like two months in the taking it and like a sauce from a full of 15 hundred total tests. 200 milligrams your body typically produces about 75 and if you want to be superman, it's like 125. Is it high? Yeah, 200's real high. Would I describe 200 milligrams of test a week as testosterone replacement therapy? Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for the RP Strength channel. I have all sorts of accolades which are going to sound impressive as soon as they say them. And because you're going to be impressed, you're going to continue to watch this video. I don't know if any of that is true. Anyway, for Professor Competitive Body Molder, Brazil Institute's who black belt and the person who looks okay today, I looked in the mirror and I was like, yeah, that's not bad. It's not bad. Somebody who never has to do that. Somebody who looks in the mirror all times and is a flawless guardian angel of society is Alex, you bank. He might know things about how to train. He is a phenomenal body. Let's take a look at some of his training videos. See if he can sniff out a little bit of wisdom. Make some perverted jokes at the expense of every gender. And while maintaining some level of decency, though no guarantees, leave with some knowledge and some laughs. And Scott isn't last with friends the reason why you and I started this channel. Yes, sweetie. Now we started to get rich. Right, getting rich, which Alex you bank has plenty of that. Let's find out how much money he has. Three, two, one. Let's count Alexy, thanks money. I've been known for being one of the aesthetic guys. Not the biggest guy, but my frame has always been known for being pretty aesthetic. It's true. He looks great. What does it mean to be aesthetic? It means you generally have a physique that falls a few basic rules. One is you have a waist that's substantially smaller than your upper back. You have very pronounced capat shoulders and you have large muscular arms. Dorito shape, nice shoulders and arms. And that really is the beginning of the aesthetic conversation. A profound upper chest, a billowing upper back, the exact kind of taper you have, or your abs all lined up. Those are smaller parts. But generally the Dorito upside down pyramid shape, but to big ass shoulders and arms, that gets you while anyway. Alexy, think looks like he has plenty of that. And is filming in a gym that has a young law poster. Scott is that like his place or just some gym that really likes young law a lot. I literally have no idea. I would you. You're 40 years older than these pieces. Yes. Okay. I feel like my physique has been one that maybe is more aesthetic than others. Obviously Scott, have you ever heard a low key flex like that before? It's been told to me that my physique is more aesthetic than other people's like who? Alex, like me? Max, the editor boy, please please put that personally. Max, and I took that personally. Please choose Alexy Banks best photograph that you can find and put it up against my worst to show how superior I really am. One of the guttons you know the ones. It comes down to a variety of things such as genetics, genetics, my man. I will well in our way. Beautiful. Anytime people with phenomenal bodies don't recognize genetics, it's at least missing and at times disingenuous for them to think that like I just instantiate it all this. This is good stuff. I like it's like my muscle insertions, but one of the things that I know for a fact is that I absolutely love training and always have trained harder and more frequently my chest, my back, and my shoulders, which I feel like are the three most important muscle groups when it comes to building an overall aesthetic physique. I'm always saying that two of five arms is smallest his. And just man, maybe you say your boy is out here with guided videos on exercise techniques and a program that evolves to better suit your needs the longer you use the app. All you have to do is follow the plan right on your phone and get the gains. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. So in this video I'm going to go over what I have done over the last eight years of training to grow my chest, my back, and my delts. Prioritizing incline movements over anything. So doing a lot of incline dumbbell bench, I think anywhere from like I think a 30 degree incline is probably best. It doesn't have to be an insane incline. In fact, I think if you go too high, you can probably hurt it because it's more anterior, delt, and chest at all. Here Alex means hurt not on a physical hurt way. He just means won't optimally develop your upper chest. It's totally true that anything really above like a 15 degree incline starts to hit the upper pecs a lot. And 30 to 45 in even to 60 degrees is all no wrong answers for the upper pecs, especially if you take a proper arch. We typically arch our backs to create stability, pull our shoulder blades back to create shoulder enhancement for health and injury risk. And then we go to it from that. So I arch on everything. I retract and everything. And so to me a 30 degree incline is actually a substantially lower to feel for my pecs than maybe I'll go to a 45 or something. But 30 is a okay, especially with a technique that he's doing. If you're having while 10 quality sets of chest every week, you're going to grow. It's probably true that for almost everyone there going to grow from 10 quality sets of chest per week, are they going to grow the most? Probably not. Or more people going to grow more from 15 quality sets than 10? Yes, almost certainly. Scott, I forgot to tell you what I did this past weekend. Okay. Thank you. My wife and I were at, we were controlling around the world, you know, how we do. And we were in Istanbul, Turkey. And we were in the business class lounge of Turkish Airlines. By the way, Scott, Rojo, the best business class experience and a lounge I've ever had. They make fresh grilled meats for you, Scott. Think about that. And I do have to say that I did not represent the United States of America so well. I got into a screaming match with the employees at the lounge. Typical American. But here's the thing. I was like, hey, you come here. Come over here. Hey, I want something to drink. I'm going to thirsty. And he's like, oh, you want to, how you say from Philadelphia? Yeah, I want to find what if I'm not? Because Turkey, everything. I think it's giving you guys stand out. But every other day, what do you have, except for generationally great people, arguably some of the best looking people on the planet. And and also the greatest wrestling of all time, run it a whole empire. But you ever been the guackies of 51st, the best. Anyway. And they were like, sir, can you just get to the point? When I was like, I need a beverage. And so they brought me champagne. I swine in that shit away. They brought me wine. The best wine. I was a cool way from me. And they're like, sir, what do you want? Is this so hard for me to get a drink that is all the proper ratios of every single one of the electrolytes and tastes good and is incredibly cheap in one packet later. Any amount of fluid I combine it with hydrates me for the best optimal performance of recovery. And they're like, sir, this is a business class lounge. Yeah, you know, it's not, it's not element headquarters, element link and description by now. And they're like, I honestly, sir, I, we really have tried to accommodate you. But and as soon as they said, but I was like, hey, honey, how flights here? I've come walked off. They begged for me to come back. But I won't let's say get out of them. Whoa, you, you guys see that reflexive annoyance? What does Scott, what is that? This is just come out of Philadelphia. It's in New Yorkers every now and again, just like the spontaneous like anyway, elements free. Now, back is a little bit more intricate in my opinion in training chest because there's a lot of different ways of angles that you can kind of go around hitting it. The three ways that I like focusing on training back is one. It's going to be obviously your typical pull down. So he says back training he focuses on pull downs, heavy rows, and one arm lat focused movement. That is absolutely totally fine. What I would say for everyone else to try is light rows. So machine rows sets of 20 cable rows sets of 20. I think they're awesome. And I would also like a piece of folks to try pull ups, pull ups and assisted pull ups have this incredible ability to stretch in a centrically load your lats in a way that pull downs don't because they have a bit of a frictional coefficient going on, especially regular pull ups, especially for somebody like Alex who works into this with a little bit of weight hanging off their waist, especially if it's abs or all? I don't know where am I? If you have pull ups in the arsenal, they are going to be like pull downs except with heavier resistance and to more eccentric load. And that means that they're probably going to be ultra ultra effective. And Alex isn't like enormous, he's not like 250 pounds, hopefully his joints feel okay with pull ups. And if they don't, if he just doesn't love the exercise, no big deal, God bless him. But for you guys out there, don't you go think of there's something magical about pull downs and heavy rows and one arm lat focused movements. All of them have their place, but they can also be replaced by lighter rows and actual pull ups and stuff like that. And the one arm stuff is optional though very much great. It's not a magic thing. It's just one other way to do the thing. I think picking a really heavy, growing movement that you can focus on progressive overload similar to the bench. Okay, so you can focus on progressive overload with every single thing you have in the gym. If it's a dumbbell, you can't add weight to you can add reps that's actually progressive overload. If it's any cable machine, if it's lunges, if it's barbells, it doesn't matter progressive overload, you can overload anything. I'm I'm hearing a bit of this idea which I've heard a lot is that you know, well, the core lifts, rows and presses stuff, they're great for progressive overload. No, whatever, quite explains why that's the case. You can get strong in them faster because there's a technique component, but that doesn't mean the muscles getting any better of a workout. It does buy a little bit, but not a lot. And I think people just really like to get strong on the big movements because they get a little bit of ego about it, which is cool. But you can progressively overload absolutely everything you do in the gym. So I would not look at the gym as progressive overload exercises like barbells and stuff and then just like extra volume exercises. You should be progressing every single thing. Now let's talk about his technique on bent rows. It's good. It's good. It's very difficult to catalog progression if you're kind of swinging up and down a little bit like he is. It's possible, but difficult. And I would say another thing, you want the lats and the pulling muscle back to have maximum range of motion. I would say for a flex bar guy like Alex, you take your hips and you get in a deep stiff like a deadlift position so you can almost touch the rows to the ground at the bottom. And then as you come up, you can arch your back and lift your chest up to get that little click and lock at the top without being limited by how much you can pull from the bottom. So you go all the way down for a big stretch and I'm all the way up to 45 degrees and that combines the best of both very deep stretch rows and not being limited by that deep stretch to get more of your ability to touch your tummy at the top by coming up to 45 degrees. I think that's really good. So his technique here is good but for it to be great he'd have to pull like she whiz probably a plate off each side and get an even better workout which is awesome because it's less fatigue, less injury risk for better workouts if you use really meticulous technique. Training your delts first off, I think you do not have to do a dedicated pressing movement because if you are bench pressing consistently, your front delts still gonna grow. It's a lateral head is the one that's gonna make you have that rounded shoulder look that from the front, like someone looks at you and you have like boulder shoulders. That's the lateral head you tripped back. Bringing that through lateral movements such as lateral raises. My favorite lateral raise variations is gonna be a chest supported lateral raise when my chest is supported it on an incline bench so that I'm not swinging and I'm just focusing on raising my shoulders and really targeting that side out as much as possible with good form. You can do standing lateral raises, you can do seated lateral raises. Yeah, I mean look the number of lateral raise variation, more or more at a time, two arms at a time, different range variations just below parallel parallel super-rum all the way above overhead. There's just never run out of them. Just a lateral raise seated standing incline, you can do till you're blue in the face. Combine that with a fra, a cable dual cross machine from free motion, or even just a regular rack, you had all the cable set up you want. Combine with barbell upright rows, barbell front raises. I mean you can do shoulders three four times a week and months on and never run on a variation and you have to to get your biggest shoulders. I got my testosterone results back. Okay, Jeff, Jeff, was his name Alex? Is it everyone actually? Alex you bank is no longer drug free, announcement. Let's hear it. Now I know, what was it? Four, five months ago, I decided to start taking testosterone replacement therapy because I'm testing it to sleep pretty low for a minute so I decided to hop on one four for my health and my well-being, obviously that was met with quite a bit of critique which I understand 20, 20, or really getting on to your team. Oh boy, so he got a lot of criticism for getting on TRT as a 24 year old. He said he felt not so great in his test levels or multiple times confirmed as low. That, those two things you don't feel your best in your test levels are lower, instant candidacy for TRT. So already there's no problem. Second thing people like, say you're 24. Well, you know, I don't have enough testing my body. How the, because my age helping me, it is true that when you're younger you probably don't have lower tests, but if you're younger and have lower tests that you've been doing shit for you on the test front, why wouldn't you replace it? And also 24, I mean, I typically say that you can consider if legal in your area not unethical and you're not cheating at sport with it and you're doing it with the supervision of a doctor, you can consider special sports supplements, steroids, TRT, et cetera, when you're about 25 and no younger. And so he's being 24, that's not that far off. It's not crazy. Again, if he was 18 and he chemically demonstrated a need for TRT, it would be just as ethical for him to take TRT as any other time. As a matter of fact, if you're 13 and your puberty response isn't starting properly because you don't make enough tests, straight up give you steroids for that source shit. Nobody considers it unethical. So if he really does have low testosterone, it's totally fine for me doing TRT. Guys, remember folks like Chris Bumstedt by the time they were 24 or running on, can tons of shit to take in all kinds of steroids and tons of bodybuilders do that. I guess those people Scott and his DMs would probably find that upsetting as well, hot ups. Now, the reality is a lot of folks in the comments that really have an abad time all by themselves. They just don't get to talk shit to anyone under their face and so they do it on the internet. But I think personally, my professional opinion is that 24 years old with demonstrated low testosterone TRT is a better idea than not TRT. If you guys remember, I started taking two one of the programs that passed a week when I started, which grades a lot of other people said was too high of a dose. Two hundred milligrams of replacement testosterone. So your body typically produces, that's per week, okay? 200. Your body typically produces about 75. And if you want to be superman, it's like 125. And if you count the extra weight because the sippy and eight or an antheid ester is partly clip on the testosterone, does weigh something and it gets into those milligrams, what you're looking at 200 is more like the 150 to 175 equivalent to the 75 to 125 high test equivalent. So is it high? Yeah, 200's real high. Would I describe 200 milligrams of test a week? Has testosterone replacement therapy? Well here's how you do it. You get the blood work for a few weeks after you start maybe about six weeks after. And if your typical test was, you know, 300 nanograms per deciliter and with a TRT of 125 milligrams a week, could have been in the high 900's or low thousands, which is the highest on average human ranges. But then with 200, if you're scoring in the 1500 testosterone, guys remember the normal range is like something like 300 to something like a thousand. If you're out here in 1500 land, then it is actually too much. So we can't tell if 200 is too much for Alex because everyone's body processes and responds to testosterone a little bit differently. Starting at 200 is a very high. If you start a very high and you're like, as is too much, you can always go down. And if you start there and everything's great and your blood work is great and you feel great, your energy is great, et cetera. Then like, just a link particularly wrong with 200, how would you just probably start it like, you know, somewhere between 150 for replacement therapy. You want to get saucy? Well, since sports TRT is a number between two and 300 nigs per week, these won't as way, mass not really true TRT is not just replacing its augmenting. I got no problem with augmenting these call a call a speed of speed. And I agree now, 100% that was too hot because I got my testosterone results back three months ago, whatever. It was like two months in the taking it and my testosterone results were way too hot and it came back like 15 hundred total tests. It's kind of everything this video before. No. How do I guess 1500? You're just, you know, you're the man, my your the man, you're great, my your smarter than everyone else. Is that what you want to hear? Nope. I was hoping you'd get to something else. Let's try this again. Scott, is it because of my massive cock that I was able to guess this? Say, please say. Did you say prove it? Yeah. Yeah. Let's get that camera turned around. Do you know I'm not wearing pants today? Folks, there's still more video ahead. However, a fuller, longer, thicker, thainier and less rated version of this exact video is available in our member section. Give that a click, check it out. There's tons of other goodies, teeny price, massive benefit, and that's the video. So I brought my nose from that to 160 milligrams. Scott, you like that. He couldn't just quite get down there. He's like, how much can I still take? It's still going off. Hmm, but it's crazy, but still going to just. Just got my testosterone results back. We are at now and 932. And 932 is great. 932 is wonderful. In between 900 to 1000 is like peak male shit. And because Alex was able to accomplish his incredible physique on much less testosterone, ostensibly, man, I remember the excited. What's going to happen to him with this much? I think it's just going to be unbelievable. All right, folks, remember the important things in life, having amazing aesthetics. Being a sharp, reasonable young man like Alex, you bank major respect to him. I hope he pertains and even is more psychotic. TRT fueled physique. And also the fact that Philadelphia's our kind peoples, never to be tested. Or else what are you going to fuck with? See you guys next time. You're mud. I don't know that outro will make a lot of sense of the read thing. It's like way far away with the Billy guy. I think. Read try. And the third thing I want you do is get you a producer like Scott of video guy who you record a whole outrody gang mags you. Dan wasn't good enough, Mike. People won't get the jokes. I don't even know what to do anymore. This show is run off to all the guys. This will be our last episode ever. We're never coming back. Don't tune in next week. There is no more RP channel. I've been Dr. Mike and I'll never see you again. Cool? Yeah. All right, that was fun. I feel you banked. I don't know. Folks, I don't always practice these. No, I never practice them. Want something that I also didn't practice that could be fun. This video right here might be wacky. See you guys next time.