Sigh. Scott, do you think if you stood in place and you let Kyle punch you, you would have a good day or bad day? I think it might be that in your days. No, because like Benchink doesn't have anything to do with punching power. Hold up! Something right! Folks, it's me, Dr. Mike, for RP Strength. I am A. Former professor of exercise and sport science. I do not want to talk about what happened at the Academy. Current. Bodybuilder. And Brazilian's a grappler. And a person who actually used a power lift way back when in the day and no, I was never any good. But someone who is a little better than good. Someone who is one of the best of all time is a gentleman named Mr. Kyle Curve. It sounds like you're accentuating the woman's shape I sing at that way. Doesn't it, Scott? Curve. And he is also Curvey, but with all the bumpy muscle stuff. Here's the thing about Kyle. They're strong. There's a very strong. There's legendary. There are three more notches and then there's Kyle. This is a completely different level of strength and intelligent training. And amazing technique. And he's jacked and Scott, I think he's also an IFBD pro. Some people just have it all. What the hell? Year heroes are awesome. But you need to put another person on Mount Rushmore. It's Kyle Curvey. And you might not have heard about him. He has an awesome Instagram. You guys got to check it out because this guy's doing nonsense stuff on it. Let's sample a bit of nonsense. See if you can learn anything. And at least see how baffled we can be that some humans are like this. All right. This is Kyle squatting 800 pounds in a public gym. The thing is, any squats, much over 600 pounds are generally done at power. Loafting gyms. We have extra super thick bars, lots of competent spotters, even a model of which can have kind of railings to catch the bar if it falls. This is none of those things. He has an EO rack which is good. Same same as competition rack. He's walking out which is cool. But eight hundred pounds on your back just going up and down with really no one around is wild stuff. And if you walked into a commercial gym and watched someone do this, it would be confusing at best. It's a very good chance you'll never see this in real life. All right. Scott, I think he cut his depth to hell levels. My man. I mean, this is way beyond powerlifting depth. This is extra credit depth. This is what legit strong looks like unbelievable. And by the way, the bar is literally bending in a visible way. Is any of her pounds? This shit's not going to be the same. The other thing about this squatting with an normal bar is that there's going to be a lot of bar whip, a lot of bar band. I got my BFF pound bar, maybe not. In any case, it 800, it's bending one way or the other. Can you move it? Oh. Oh, oh, he did a double. No. He did three reps. OK. And a fourth. He's doing it. Holy shit. He's a little bigger than the average gym shark. He's like a gym magladon or some shit like that. And by the way, guys, Kyle's multiple world records and powerlifting are I think in the 308 pound weight class. Kyle is a relatively lean 300 pounds. This isn't sane. If you ever see him in real life, it's just confusing what's actually going on. All right. What do we got on the bar here? 550 pounds. OK, dokey. Again, almost no one can bench 550. Your uncle from high school, he could do it. And three of his friends bench 600. Another than mythical make-belief figures, this is incredibly rare. Now watch his technique, full range of motion. Yo, her key jerky. His butt is almost certainly going to stay on the bench because he's a competitive power lifter. There are people who talk about how strong they are. And then there are competitive power lifters who actually prove it in the same shen competition. And that's what Kyle trains for. So almost all of his lifts are stellar. Which means you don't have to be like, yeah, you bench 550, but how much did you bounce it? How much does your ass come up? This is strictness. And I don't even know if it's just come saying this in advance. Let's find out if I'm right. Oh, why not do two? Sure. Oh, JK more reps. Good God. No. Scott that last one. Would you have done it again? He's like, I've got number four at 550 pounds. And he got to failure. Thanks guys. Good God. Good God. Deadlifts. This is seemingly well into the 800s. You will notice that he is wearing wrist wraps. Power lifters sometimes put wraps, not straps. Over their wrists. What that does is you ever try at home, just limpressed yourself and then push down on these muscles on these tendons. And your wrist actually comes in. So what ends up happening is if you put very, very tight wraps on your wrist, you actually get to pre-flex your wrist and a little bit of that tension for those wraps continues to be applied to those tendons. So your ability to grip a heavy load and not be limited by grip is slightly improved. But check this out. There are two reasons why that slightly is a big deal. Reason number one is if you're good for 810 pounds in the deadlift. Your grip is good for 805. You're going to miss 810 on grip. If we add 20 pounds of grip just through those straps additionally, then your grip is good for more than 810 pounds and you will succeed at the lift because everything else is already there. That's huge. The other thing is, if you feel like your grip is loosening, your body automatically through evolved brain processes starts to reduce how much neural drive, how much activation for muscles it sends to the rest of your body. So that if you feel like your fingers are slipping a little bit with 805, but everything is strong enough to pull that weight and even your hands will be able to hold on, all of a sudden, your body is producing less force. Your glutes, your hamstrings, your lower backs, bruise and your spores and your more app to miss it could just felt like you lost your groove. If you have that extra 20 pounds in there and it feels just a little better, you're very likely going to make that lift. That's a big deal. And in many cases, in powerlifting, especially closer to meats, we practice very similarly to how we play. So you want these wrist straps on, same tightness you would put in competition, so you can work into this new pattern and be used to it psychologically, physiologically, and also timing wise. You know, like they say, look, okay, on-deck, Kyle Curvey, he's got to start wrapping his wrist straps around, getting everything right. If it's a new thing, you just do it in competition, you get the timing wrong, you get the last time on the platform, you can miss your lift, if screws your mind up, none of that's any good. So he's wearing full competition set up as far as his wristster can start now. In an alternate world where powerlifting would become a kind or sport and allow you to use, uh, well, I don't know, straps, you shouldn't use them anyway. Not because of manhood and real man are limited by their grip, because of first grips exist. And they are one of the sponsors for today's video, and they're just better than straps. You loop them over really quick, if you have high rep deadlift stew for high purger for work, a bat rose or lateral raises, you loop in those verse grips and they do unbelievable work for you by taking your grip limit completely away. So if he can pull whatever he's pulling with just his hands and some straps, or sorry, some wrist straps, then with verses, he could no doubt pull even more. Scott, let's start the verse grip Olympics. Down. Where it's all the regular events of the Olympics, but they get to where verse grips, and then there's one verse grip only event where we get to the high jump platform and then you put a verse grip on there and you snap pictures of it and then there's an Olympic logo. Nothing happens if you take it off, but you know, everyone tried. Let's say that you were single. Are you ready to pretend? And you are going to be going to the Olympics for some sport. And you know, a sport is fine. It's fun. You got a whole. Okay. Did you even know a question I was going to ask? No, you said I was going to the Olympics for a sport. So I picked Bob's left. Okay, but you didn't let me finish my question. You're an asshole. Good God. Beltless, by the way. Scott, if I didn't put on a belt for that, I would blast vertebrae out of my asshole into that rich piano poster back there. You might blast some other things out, post surgery of the front side as well. Yeah. A few. So he's doing multiple singles here. No, that was a three set. Oh yeah. Yeah. So three singles in a row. More triple. But he lets his hands go. Yeah. Today has finally come that we are doing four or five on-bedged for four sets of eight. Totally forgot. I have one set of three at 455 pounds before I go into the 405. So one set of three at 455 and then four sets of eight at 405. You get a really decent stimulus for strength. We're a kind of track your progress. See where you're at sort of. And then after that, you get tons of volume for, by the way, sets of eight are an unbelievable rep range to get a crap load of muscle size that easily and quickly and with a high percentage translates to strength gains shortly thereafter. So if you are trying to get big for powerlifting, big for strength sets of five to ten is mostly where you should be doing your training. This is spot on. That's just what we have programmed. Right now we're doing a heavy set of three and then into eights. But honestly, I feel like the... Scott, what's up with his hairline? What's your mean? It just looks so distinct. Yeah, I mean, he's got like a fresh fade for this video. He's like kind of lined up at all. He looks like a young Donald Trump. It's weird when some people are on camera, they really like care about how they appear and make themselves look nice. Crazy. Are you okay, Yosuke? I'm okay, sorry. That's something my throat. Nothing me cleaning myself up, wooden fix. Folks, we are going to get back to the video in just a second, but we have a members area. I must tell you about extra nerdy videos, extra training lodges for myself and Jared Feather, I-FBV Pro, and an extended, uncut version of both this video and all of the other exercise scientists videos before this, every Friday show is on there. Alright, enough blabbing, like guys, go, click on links, get some members area. We'll see you there, now back to the video. This is the humble area. This is going to tell a lot about the day. Me, let's take it again. Full pauses fellas, the hallmark of power lifting. And a huge range of motion I might add. Scott, do you think if you stood in place and you let Kyle punch you, you would have a good day or bad day? I think it might be the end of your day. No, because like Benchying doesn't have anything to do with punching power, it's like all from your legs or something. Take your word for it. Take my word for it, I don't know how to punch. By the way, randomly I'm like a riffing on my own riffs at this point. You will hear people say that how much you can bench, doesn't impact your punching power, and all of those people are, respectfully, super politely, totally wrong. The more you bench, everything else being equal, the harder you punch someone, or to be more technical about it, the less velocity loss your fist experiences as it contacts their skull. And that means that total transfer of energy into their skull is more rapid and greater, which means their probability of falling down and not getting back up for a while is much higher. If you have someone who weighs 105 pounds and they got quick hands, they're real technical, they can get you in the jaw a couple times and it doesn't knock you out even if you're a regular person who's larger because they just aren't strong enough as soon as their fist hits, the kinetic chain moves forces back and their muscles aren't strong enough to push back through those resistive forces. And so their fist slows down really, really fast as soon as it hits your head, it doesn't transfer as much energy in, your head doesn't move as much and then your probability of getting knock it out as lower. But if your Kyle Curvee and you hit someone, they probably break into a million pieces like an NVIDEO game because the amount of force transfer is massive. That does not mean to say that how much you can bench brother is the only thing that relates to how hard you can punch. Technique is absolutely massive and the ability to have a strong and athletic lower body to begin the force generation in your lower body, transfer it through the midbody and then expel it out of your fists in a command-based style, JK is ultra ultra important. Technique plus speed, plus strength, all of them matter. So from Magic Genie comes down and he's like, do you want me to just instantly allow you to know amazing boxing technique? You say yes. If he's like, hey, do you want me to make you just like two times faster with your punches? Absolutely. And if he says, do you want me to make you twice a strong? Don't you daily? Like, well, I heard the strength don't know how I'm doing with punching. My boxing coach said that. Even though he smoked cigarettes and did pushups back in the 1920s when they trained for boxing all wrong. First working set, 455, one set of three here. Nice. Let's go. I felt good. Come on. Where are we going? That was impressive, Huscott. Crazy. Just a raw triple with 455 self-spot, self-unrapped. Some random shit was a crappy version of crappy bar from the 1980s. Yeah, just like regular commercial shit, man. Most guys wouldn't do this. This is not, all right, 455. Let's see how it rolls. Rized. That speed on 455 was wild. Come on. Scott, are you scared? It's insane. My butt hole did a thing there that says, hey, you, you, you scare me. Amazing. Pretty insane session today. This is going to be tough. We have 600 pounds for 45 sets of eight. Why? That's what coming up. This is a squat. Yes. Sets of eight with 600 pounds is pure undulterated nonsense. nonsense. You know a quimit. No knees sleeves, no belt, no nothing. That's extra nonsense. Guys, belts help a lot. Meese leaves help a lot. This is crazy. So I've been playing with thumb underneath the bar. And thumb over top of the bar. Scott, you have a problem where your shoulders are so wide. You can't grab inside the bar yet. You're outside the rack. Yeah. Yeah, in or out. I love it, man. This is nuts. And I've been playing with thumb over top. But I just feel like I need to grip the bar. To get this, the true string. And I think there's studies in that grip strength. Yes, if you have a full grip over something, the rest of your body feels stronger than if you have a thumbless grip. For pushing it doesn't matter much, for pulling it does. And being able to feel that bar pulled in real secure. So you know for a fact, it's not moving on your shoulders is a big deal. Thumbless grip can work. It's not preferred and it does take it in use too. And being able to output more and more weights. So was this 400 pounds? Oh. Oh. Oh, I'm warming it up. That could have felt better. Scott, after he did that, if you were the Jimmy, be like, let me tell you guys about the RP-high-perchrophy app with specialized programs included for shoulders, arms, chest, back, legs, abs, and glutes. Each one with male and female options. You get them all and can use them as often as you like, even building off of them to make your own customized versions for only about a dollar a day. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Sometimes when I'm warming up, it's like the weights in between that throw me off. And as I get heavier, it starts to feel better. Definitely. I would say almost never a judge a single warm-up too harshly. One warm-up, three 15, don't feel like shit. 405, don't feel amazing. 500 will be your work weight. It'll be awesome. Step by step, be very patient, don't over-judge yourself. Hit the warm-ups, pay attention to the cues. Hit the warm-ups again. See how things go. First set. Hmmm, there we go. Forg! Scott, would you be able to do anything other than watch him do his sets when you were at that gym? I'm stopping my shit, man. Yeah, that's a treat. Oh yeah. This is gonna be some work. I think we're gonna do one more to make a climb. Is that what we said we're gonna do? Good God. That was... RAPNUMBER? No. 40, right? 40. Of 600 pounds and it went up exactly like RAPNUMBER 1 did. Okay. Try to get some high RAPNUMBER here. Here's the crazy thing about Kyle. He does lots of assistance work, extra volume work to get jacked. Mostly because he's... Scott, can we confirm that he's a pro bodybuilder? I'm 90% sure. Yeah. And so he's got to get jacked for other reasons, but also one of the reasons he's so strong is because he's so goddamn big and he puts in the assistance work a lot of guys. I mean, it's way more assistance work than he do all month long to do five sets of eight at 600. He's on legs touch a right after. Very impressive. Good blood flow. We're covering any knee damage we did with just a ton of blood in the area in the quads. This is like post-hab rehab after squats. And the good news is, it does get your knees moving around and everything like that. But it absolutely helps with a bit more hypertrophy, so that's really good. Guys. We talk a lot of shit on the channel. Big random bad workouts and bad techniques. We'll be doing more of that soon, don't you worry. But every now and again, we've got to throw in a video of someone who just like, is the man. Kyle's technique is on point. His mindset is on point. His training programming is a fucking awesome. Madam of the real life is a cool last dude. Kyle gets a legend in the making out of ten on our universal rating system, which makes no sense. Kyle, you're the man. Guys, give this young gentleman a follow and if you're in the street. Try to follow him home and see if he can't pounce on him when he's tired and do sexual things to him. What? Why would that ever say that if I wasn't subconsciously thinking it? And now conscious thinking it. And yeah, now I'm in. See you next time. Alright, folks, that was a really fun. If you want more fun to continue this video right here or something, you might want to click on. Until next time, see you next time.