Consuming too much sugar kind of takes your mitochondria offline, that's like I couldn't make up more insane dog shit that's wrong than that. That takes the f**k it. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. I have an exercise on Sports Science Professor at Lehman College in the Bronx, the co-creator of the RPA Purchyv app, and I will be appraising some women's health magazines today to see what kind nutrition lifestyle and training advice they are giving to our finest ladies and seeing if it's great, if it's math, or if it's uh, let's read some magazines. I like to first look at the cover and see what's on the cover. Uh, that's exciting. Muscle Maker, this 2-in-1 core move works wonders. Fascinating. How hidden, penitere learn to put health first? Compiling. Page 41 are protein bar obsessions, obsessing, and power up the many ways to score off the charts energy. Both claim and lastly, a health report are you cortisol conscious? Don't be. No wait. You should be uh, I think. Let's find out. So we've got the move of the month. Move of the month is the muscle maker. Thank god, filed under full body strength level 5. This is a bad shit. Combined two classic exercises, a plank and a row for a core crushing stability challenge. Okay, let's cut right into the criticism here. So it's very standard. This is a very traditional move in the female workout world, where you're in a push-up position with some dumbbells in your hands. And then you roll one dumbbell, you put it back down, you roll another dumbbell, you put it back down. It is a gigantic poor use of your time as far as an exercise is concerned, because instead of getting a great back workout with a much heavier dumbbell and a much more stable position where your core isn't required to do most of the lifting, you are doing a really crappy low weight low focus, very not impressive backwork. Well, at the same time, just asymmetrically contracting your abs, which doesn't not much anything for them for fat loss or muscle growth or anything like that. It's a move. I would say is challenging in a way that is not stimulative. It's like if you wanted to train to become the best boxer, you would hit the back abunction. That makes you good at boxing, it's also hard. But if every five punches you hit the bag, someone need you in the nuts, it would absolutely make it more difficult. But would it make you better at boxing? No, it could make you marginally better getting need in the nuts. But it cares about that sort of thing. I don't think the ladies that read these magazines, they want to be leaner and more muscular and potentially healthier. This move is not an efficient move to get them there. I'm sorry, the muscle maker, not something we're using. This sucks. Next. All right, we are to the protein bar article where they recommend best buys. These finds one over testers with taste and substance. In ranked five is the total treasure, mosh blueberry almond crunch bar. The bar serves fruity blueberry flavor. That's the number one reason I eat bars. Along with lions, main mushrooms into 100% oh my god, there's an explanation mark there. If your daily dose of vitamin B12, both important for brain function, body and mind, officially boosted. There is a big problem with this is that they don't mention calories or protein at all, which are the two most important things I need gel about protein per year. Here's how to pick a good protein bar. If for how many calories have, it has a lot of protein, you're winning. This mosh brand has 12 grams of protein. It's keto. It has a lot of vitamins, lines, main, ashwaganda, omega 3. This is just like a cacophony of things you would put into. What? Well, no offense. What white women buy because they think it's like health. Oh my god, ashwaganda, that's like good, right? Like the earth has that or whatever. It's that. It's got the video you guys can be get a total calories for the mosh brain brand blueberry almond crunch protein bar. 8 that 19 card 12 protein 160 calories. 160 calories 12 grams of protein 480 calories I can get 20 grams of protein out of a pure protein bar. This ain't it. Not the worst bar in the world, but not the best. Let's go to the next morning maker, perfect bar, coconut, peanut butter bar, perfect snacks.com. A.M. Workout Warrior. It's high in vitamin E. Okay. And host of other minerals. By the way, it's not going to be easy to put extra vitamins and minerals into bars on a f*** powder. I don't know why they brag about this. Like copper and niacin. Oh my god. Which are important for sustaining energy levels throughout the day. That's all nonsense. Vitamins don't do that. You just get enough of them and everything feels fine. If you don't get enough of them, you don't really feel anything. And Scott, the video you guys do we know how many calories it has? Protein 16 cards 27 fat 22 calories. What is 50? Folks, 350 calories for only 16 grams of protein that's 20 plus grams of fat. This is a f*** candy bar. Post workout, it's not even ideal because it's so much fat and not enough carbs for the fat, but it's even a do a good job of replenishing or muscle glycogen stores. It's not enough protein. This just falls right in the line of one of those things that's really a candy bar. Again, sorry to get ratio for white women in the 40s and 50s. You're not wondering, Karen. All right, next, fresh baked feel. 88 acres banana bread protein bar. 88 acres dot com. Now, if had 88 acres bars before, but they weren't protein bars, they were just regular tasty bars that I had for more calories and they are really tasty. But they're not exactly ultra healthy. The six ingredients select, which reminded tasters of homemade banana bread, is powered by pumpkin seeds. You didn't know pumpkin seeds were a power source, but somebody notified the nuclear power development industry which provide the protein and offer crunch. I don't think pumpkin seeds are actually high in protein. Scott, can we get an 88 acres banana bread protein bar? 12 protein. In 19 fat, let me give you guys another rule. If there's more fat in the bar than protein, it's not a fitness bar. It's a f*** candy bar. I guarantee you the banana bread pumpkin seed protein bar for 88 acres, tastes f*** amazing, but it's not a mystery because it has a crap load of fat and not so much protein. You get a lot of protein in something with a limited amount of fat, it's challenging to make it taste good. But then it's actually a fitness bar. Next up, chocolate choice. Core foods, dark chocolate, sea salt, plant-based keto bar. Good. God, that's a lot of stuff. This rich, decadent option. Again, white women want only one of two things. Things that are decadent and things that are nourishing. Look at these magazines lying off, nourishing and decadent. The only two things that are interesting. This rich, decadent option tastes like a candy bar. That shit's got macros like a candy bar too, but has no added sugars. Thank God. Because you know, added sugars are so much worse somehow than natural sugars. No wait, they're just the f*** same. Instead, it's wheatin' with all natural oils. Oh my god, I love all. That's it all. Like aliolose, dates, and mong fruit. Anything natural and exotic, I think is like good because like love nature and it's like good. And the exotic, like other parts of the world, like different people and I love diversity. So I love that. Anytime I look at an alt category, it's in the adult film search. Folks, if you like that video, then you want to see the extended cut. Then please consider becoming a member. There's going to be a button right there. See there. Six protein and 11 fat. Folks, I tell you why it's rich and decadent. It's got a shit little fat in it and not a lot of protein. Higher protein usually makes things flaky and dry because that's what protein is like. And higher fat usually makes them rich and amazing and delicious. And then so when the protein bar, going to quote his six grams of protein, that's kind of a rip off. That's what it is. A sprinkle of flaky sea salt. Oops, I put the sea in myself. I was just being racist at that point. Think, and of course, white women want some sea salt. A sprinkle of flaky salt. That's an apart. I bet it's f*** delicious. But it is not a health bar or a bar that helps you get fit. It's just a bar with almost no protein and a crap load of fat. Again, a candy bar is competitive at this point. Lastly, and firstly, rank one is a wild card win epic bison bacon cranberry bar from epicprovision.com. I actually had this bar before myself. While it's lower and fiber than the other options only two grams, if meat of f***ing animal meat, whether f***ing with the fiber come from, this is ideal if you're craving something savory. This is really what this is all about. It's what you're creating. Gras fed bison and bacon pack in smoky flavor. While cranberries add a tart pop, notice it mentions nothing about health or macros at this point. It actually only attracts that it's not fiber. Scott, how bad is this? I know it only has seven grams of protein, which is f***ing terrible. 8 carb 8 fat. So we have more carbs and fats than proteins. This is not a protein bar. It's not health food. This is terrible. Let's move on on the next section. Ooh, food protocol. Most eats are energy dealers, but specific kinds impact brain chemistry. You know the bullshit's coming soon. In a way that gives you a more immediate and most important, sustainable boost, immediate and sustainable. To be further priced at one, here's what you want to fill up on and go easy on. Fill up on nuts. Specifically peanuts and almonds. Okay, that's horrible shit. All nuts work super super well for this regard. So the specifically is pointless. That's just filler like chat, GBT wrote this or something. The crunchies are an amazing snack choice for say and afternoon slump. They're not. Not staggest incredibly slowly. You won't feel the calories helping you until hours later when you don't need the many amazing ironwork folks. They toss in a hint of dopamine to your brain thanks to the amino acid tyrosine, not a limiting factor in dopamine production. For the level of God your brain does not have a f*** dopamine problem. As long as you're eating any kind of food at all throughout the day. And you know what I'll spoof dopamine? That's right. Fasting. The food you eat that mood makes more dopamine. That does have f***. Good God. Which according to Dr. Shaw, will help you feel more motivated and energized? Good old almonds motivating and energizing the ON peanuts, but not Brazil not those things are f***ing terrible for you and if you do walnut you're gonna die. What else is good? Fill up on chai tea. Chai tea is like this earthy thing. Really somehow connected to the people of Singapore which is exotic and it like nourishes your body but it's also decadent. I can write a lot of copy for white women in their 40s. Did you know chai is an aerovetic tonic made thousands of years ago. So you know work because shit thousands of years ago did such a great job. To be healing, energizing and tasty. Says Dr. Shaw, the not so secret energy ingredients are spices like cardamom. I mean like white bitches love shit like cardamom and anything that sounds fancy and herb it's like oh my god that's gonna nourish me right? And the dyes like well hold on it it's pretty dark a dim like oh my god you're f***ing out of me. Oh they go on with the spices. Ginger I love it. Black pepper ooh and not which I thought is like a candy bar ingredient. What I know. She suggests swapping regular sugar from mug fruit or stevia. Oh we got a video on that. And regular milk for coconut or almond if you're sensitive to dairy. Being that you read this magazine you probably find yourself sensitive to everything. Fatality. Chai tea. There you go. That's if you want to fill up on chai tea for that energy to f*** I know where it comes from because there's not even any calories in chai tea. Okidok. So terrible advice on fill up on. Let's see what they say to go easy on. Refine sugar. If you eat a lot of sugar you can make energy without really involving your mitochondria. Nope that's bullshit. I really try to give it the benefit of that. That's nonsense. Unless you're somehow just using fast glycolysis from carbohydrates to make the kind of energy you need for regular tasks which is exclusively for almost entirely energy for box-sade of phosphorylation which actually really does occur in your mitochondria. Says Picard. They got a lot of people on this heart. But as we now know exercising those parts of your cells is exactly what helps you feel more energized. Don't you exercise your cells with exercise and not like feeding them shit? I don't know. Consuming too much sugar kind of takes your mitochondria offline. The just like I couldn't make up more insane dog shit that's wrong than that. That takes the Cess Picard let them do their jobs naturally. Newsflash. If you eat a lot of natural sugar. It's sugar and by the time it gets to your cells it would have the same effect. So I guess fruit turns off your mitochondria which is somehow bad because they need more practice or something. Good God who makes the shit up. Let me tell you guys about the RP Hypertrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app you can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they were written by eight personal. This app programs everything for you. Exercise is weights sets reps frequency the whole thing. After every single workout and every single week the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now you're pretty interested in the app, download the RP Hypertrophy app today. Ultra processed foods. They're proven to increase risk for fatigue, depression and cardiovascular disease. Those are mostly correlations but some of them are not so healthy so I feel that. Notes Dr. Shaw who defines an ultra processed food is anything you couldn't make in a kitchen. Watch this you guys ready? We go back up to Chyty and we find out which of these ingredients we can make in a kitchen. Cardamom, nope, ginger, nope, you guys haven't made your own black pepper, nope, and not megg. Pretty sure those are made inside of plants or factories or something. Don't worry you can make monk fruit and stevia in coconut milk in your kitchen. Nope looks like those are all processed foods and our own definition just just in the ass. Weird. The science is so fun. Shout out to the video guy. I'm trying to be serious. Let's see here. Anything you couldn't make in a kitchen. If a package girl or bar has nuts, seeds and honey, you could theoretically make, oh my god yeah you could theoretically have like a mass spectrometer in a kitchen. But you don't. But if you look at the ingredients on a certain bag of orange chips and we're going to guess that's not the case. You pry my Chyty is out of my cold dead hands and they'll be cold and dead quite soon because Chyty doesn't have that great for you all the time. Anything you make at home is going to be healthier because it's not ultra processed. You're using real ingredients as Dr. Shaw. Dr Shaw. You need to go back to school. I just know other ways for me to say that. Because in school you will learn that processing is not an inherently health promoting or health-trapped in process. If you process milk fractions and you create casian protein out of it or way protein, they're incredibly processed. I assure you their powders made in a factory but they're phenomenally healthy for you. You know what else is processed? Yogurt, Greek yogurt processed a shit and a holy fuck. It's really really good for you. But Chyty is in candy bars and all this other stuff because they have a lot of preservatives and they're really high in calories and they're really palatable so you too many of them. They're not ideal for your health. So yeah ultra processed foods are often not ideal for your health but it really doesn't matter what the processing doesn't what the end result is. So refined sugar again, it's if it's been a context of your meeting your calorie needs and you're meeting mostly nutritious foods or fine sugars totally fine. It's good to keep a cap on it because it can get so high in calories and because refined sugars often don't come with all the added nutrients. So this entire bloodvite is just justified with wrong things that are wrong. Next, women's health exclusive. See it says we're covered faster with America's first post-workout pain relief solution. First problem. Pain relief and recovery to completely distinct riboflame. Reduce inflammation with clinically proven ingredients and ultra bio-available phyto-some technology. Sounds like Bolshev to me but what do I know? The statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose treat, cure, or prevent any disease. I don't know what's in here. $63. $63. $2 a day got it. Riboflame is a pride here. A proprietary phyto-some complex. Excellent. Which is turmeric extract. Indian freight, in sense. Quarce. Quarce-a-tin. Narrow leaf. Kona flower extract. Zik. Just a bunch of herbs and shit. Quarce-a-tin does have some anti-inflammatory properties but taking it, especially in high doses, after you work out, actually interferes with the mechanics the molecular processes of the workout that make you better. So taking it post-workout would be the longest possible time to take. So if you take the supplement in the morning or you take it in the evening, it's just some good stuff in it that you know may help you be a little bit less inflamed and give you some good nutrition, micronutrients and stuff. It's like a liquid, a vitamin supplement. Post-workout would be the longest time to use it. And if you have chronic pain post-workout, that's an issue for your doctor. So something you're going to take a pill for. herbs. Yes, so women's health magazine, I would say generally quite bad advice. Mostly, like, there's stuff in there that they say to do that you just don't need to do. Not very good advice, but very well meant and so will written. So there's some gems you can pick up if you already know things. I got to be honest man, if you don't really know fitness, nutrition, health, you pick up one of these and you start trying to learn stuff, you're going to be slogging through a lot of randomness until you get to actual good stuff. Typical. That sucks. All right, if you guys want to see me read another woman's health mag, parse the claims, say something in the comments. See you guys next time.