Yep, the f*** out. Okay, if there's an exercise that's more of a clown show circus exercise, I've never seen it. This is peak, peak, clown work. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSAMSP, I am the creator of the RPA Purgeifi app and a professor of exercise and sport science at Leaven College in the Bronx in the York City. And I'm going to be evaluating Mr. LeBron James's weight training today. I'm not qualified to evaluate his basketball training, but his weight training I will take a look at. Let's see what he's doing right, what he's doing wrong, how he get better. And if he's really as bad as the Hollywood stuff, I sure hope not. Let's do the video. Men's health. Not a good sign. Hi guys, Mike. Mike. Mike. Moncias. NSM. CES. And PES. Athletic trainer and recovery specialist. Let's find out what he knows. I thought I'd try to put a little bronjane to the past 16 years. Okay, so, uh, is already a misnomer, I think, because athletic trainer or someone who helps you recover from injuries, they're not folks that are experts in designing programs to make you actively better than you would have otherwise been. That is something a strength of mission specialist does. Maybe I'm reading way too much into this. Let's find out what the truly is. Today we're at B-True Jim, the Los Angeles, and I want to take you guys through with quick demonstration on. I like that. One of the shots he's like an eye level with LeBron's asshole. Here's a yellow one up. The other up. Anyway, how should up there? That includes mobility work, some cardiovascular conditioning, upper body strength training, lower body strength training, and most importantly, some core and recovery techniques. Okay, we've got mobility work, which can be a thing. If there are known mobility deficits diagnosed from sport participation, potentially it's a thing, though proper weight training should resolve all of those. Cardiovascular work is usually not wise idea. In basketball, usually you want your basketball playing, and your basketball-related drills that a sport coach would manage for you to be, at least the vast majority of cardiovascular work. Why and almost all sport do you want most of your cardiovascular come from practicing the sport and practicing derivative moves from the sport? It's because if you just do cardio with the modalities, nothing do a sport like run on a treadmill, it gives you the cardio to be better at basketball or boxing or MMA, but doesn't give you any of the skills transfer. It doesn't give you any tactics. It doesn't actually make you better at any part of the sport, except making your red blood cells, you know, slightly higher in concentration, et cetera, making your local muskial chair a little bit better with buffering metabolites. If you instead do much of your most or many of your cardio inside sport training, for example, a basketball doing drills running around in various ways, taking passes, that can really get your heart rate going, it's incredible cardio, but it's also exactly sport-specific to the sport of basketball. And it lets you work on skills and tactics that you would in basketball, so it checks a bunch of boxes at the same time. Alright guys, so the first thing we'll talk about is preparation. App preparation does it start once you get to the gym, but it starts the night before you get to the gym, and that includes a good night's sleep. Sleep is important right on. I agree. Great dinner. Great dinner is important. Okay. Just the nutrition of the day before absolutely pretentious your workout. You sleep well, you eat well the day before, you're going to have an amazing workout the next day, chances are, if you sleep poorly and eat poorly the day before, your workout the next day is not a professional attempt at working out, which I might add since the Bronis professional basketball player me, the professional basketball player, this should all be thought through, so it's great that this coaches do it. In the morning, we'll have a pretty workout shake on the way to the gym, about half hour before we start a workout. Who workout shake sounds quite good. It can give you plenty of energy and make sure your workout goes well, plenty of hydration. What's we get at the gym? We'll start with like eight to ten minutes of foam rolling. Okay. So eight ten minutes of foam rolling. What foam rolling does pretty well is when it hits a certain area, there's a neural modulation effect where your nervous system is typically perceiving that area to be generating some pain and some discomfort and by foam rolling that area, even another area, you can take the nervous system and kind of desensitize it a little bit. There's nothing physical, mechanical, working with foam rolling people say, you know, breaks down it at the hehions and really releases your fascia. That's almost certainly not true because we have very good understanding of the kinds of forces required to actually make tissue changes and they're like 100 times higher than a force the strongest person in the world could exert in the foam roller. Like you could make the fascia change in its conformational structure if you roll like one of those asphalt rollers over it. And well, if you want to put your leg under an asphalt roller, I suppose it'll really warm you up permanently. But you'll be really ready to be a pancake forever, which is nice. If LeBron needs it and it makes them feel better, dope. If this is more like sort of a prophylactic thing, prehabestity thing, which prehabes the stupor thing in the world, then yeah, then it's not a good idea. Then it's just a just a kitch, just thrown things at the wall. And now the next exercise that will incorporate after a foam rolling is called a spider made exercise. Spider-Man. Now truth be told, there's got to be the idea how off-color can we get here? I mean, racks can always cut it. The editor can always get it. Thanks, Max. I was inclined to believe that the Spider-Man is when, you know what I'm saying, it's just going to get real as fuck. With the consenting partner, everyone's having fun. You pull out right when you're about to ski, and you ski into your own hand, and then here she, or they look up, and you go, All right, if you guys like that, we have an extended cut available for members, only so hit the join button to become a member. Johnny, here's going to demonstrate. Oh, it's a crawl, how pathetic. The property's taking me for a spider-man. Great range of motion there, great hip opener, and preparation for activity. It's not that great of a hip opener. You can open your hips much more if you just sink down to a slow, sumo squat, and you take your hands and you push your knees open. Squeeze your shoulder blades as your chest nears the floor. These like, I don't know who makes up these tips. Oh, there's a dog in this. There's a dog in the left hand corner. He's kind of chilling. Yeah, insert random nonsense for men's health. After we've known whether our hip opener and mobility routine, now we start with a total body cardiovascular warmup. Total body cardiovascular warmup, okay? One of the machines that I love to use in the gym is called the Versa Climber. All these guys use the Versa Climber's Versa Climber's Versa Climber's very challenging. It is very difficult to do. It'll warm you up really fast, so about 30 seconds to a minute on the Versa Climber at a decent pace is all who warming up that you could need. Let's see what he says now. We do three sets of 30 seconds each. We're about 15 to 20 seconds rest in between each set. Not terrible, not terrible. Just one of those would be fine, but fine. All right, so John is now going to demonstrate how we will probably execute a Versa Climber technique. Okay, so he's the Versa Climber real fast right away. That is backwards. If you're going to do three sets, the first one you should be very lazy with, like literally moving really slow, just to get your body grooving. If you need this kind of warming up, the second set you should do pretty brisk pace, the third set you should get into it and get a little bit out of breath at the end, then you'll be really warm and it's safe the whole time. It's a great and warmup. That's the whole thing about warming up. It's great ations. This guy just gets right into the f***ing Versa Climber really fast. And don't think he needs to warm up if he's ready to just go. All right, strength training. Finally. One of our favorite exercises to do for upper body core conditioning and strength. Again, upper body core conditioning, which I really don't know what that means. That's three words thrown together and I don't know how they link. And I'm a professor. I wonder what he knows that I don't. Let's find out. It's called the inverted roll. The inverted roll is one of the easiest exercises ever. What? And that's the movement right there. All right guys, so for this, the counter-rap is about 8-12. It will do about three sets of each. Why is that guy only coming up to like two inches under the bar? Touch the bar, my f***er. He looked real talk as far as a movement of upper body pulling. This is a great movement, great for LeBron. He's got long ass arms. It's a nice and challenging for him. If you grade it and progress it, find out how to load it. Maybe have him where I have your weight best over time. This movement can be an awesome addition to being able to make a stronger, more muscular basketball player. So the movement is good. The justifications are generally nots. All right guys, so for our next upper body and actually total body movement here, one of my favorites, again, is called the land-mind rotational press. So land-mind rotational press, it ends up being an exercise that looks cool with the demonstration. It's great for general family fun and fitness. Like if you're in a fitness class in your 65 years old, it's cool to get the body moving around with some load. If you push the limiting factors like the only reason we're in the gym for a f***er. The fashion of basketball players to push is ass. It's unlikely that the exercise is conducive to overloading both the pulling and the pushing complex at the same time. And also, it really turns into more of a grip exercise because the end of a barbell believe it or not is really hard to grip because it's already kind of oily. It's really, really thick, much thicker than regular bar, and it independently rotates. So bad news. But this, we saw with a nice wide base, a nice wide stand. Really engaging the gluten, engaging the core. We load up. Engaging the gluten core is what people say when they have nothing else to say. They just say like, stay stable and don't round over like a question mark. It's not the same thing as engaging the gluten core, right? I think people say that just because people go, okay, core, that means I'm going to have lean abs. Glutes, that means I'm going to have a f***ing sweet ass. People are looking at me and want to have sex with me. I think that's why people say it a lot. It's nothing to do with how anyone should ever be teaching this people. You know, part of the bra's game is playing a both of the rim and transfer energy in the ground up up into the rim. And this is exactly what that exercise is going. Okay. So you can't be too explosive with this exercise because you'll throw it and then it'll flip on someone and kill them. If I want energy transfer from the ground and explosion, I would much rather see LeBron do a traditional cross-fits style thruster, which is basically a front squat that ends in a push press. You could also do a variety of weightlifting dread of movements, push presses, push jerks, squat press, all this other kind of stuff. You can do loaded jumps, you can do medicine ball throws. This is an exercise that the looks like it sort of does triple extension, which is when you extend your ankles, your knees and your hips, the jump movement, the most athletic movement that humans can do, it's only cosmetically so because it's not ballistic. An exercise which you really want power transfer from to fuel athleticism, you want it to be powerful, which means explosive. And ballistic means at the very end of the exercise, you're throwing it. He is not throwing shit. He's just finishing the movement and locking it out. It's one of those exercises. Unfortunately, there's very many of these that people do in program and trainers like to talk about. It looks athletic, but it's not nearly as athletic as it looks. For some of LeBron's ability, I would qualify that this whole workout so far as a warm-up. Warm-up to something, I'm not sure what, but if we were to take that exercise and make it something LeBron can benefit from, we would either need to do it explosively, where he gently sinks into a lunge and then blows completely back out, jumping as high as he can, or he does it for reps to build hypertrophy and build resilience. But then he would have to wear weight vest or hold dumbbells or something because bodyweight lunges are not nearly difficult enough for an athlete that can have a f***ing dunk a basket ball. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro bodybuilders? The most effective muscle growth training I've ever made. Get yours now. Alright guys, so you've seen the exercises now. Let's talk about recovery. Man, I count there were like three exercises. There's entire parts of the body, totally missing. I don't know how that falls into a training week, and so far, not so good. Let's talk about recovery, since we work so hard. So recovery for us entails three different things. Is nutrition, nutrition, check? This mobility does not have anything to do with recovery mobility, but fine. And it's a little bit of a crawout therapy at the end of the day. Crout therapy. Okay, no key. Crout therapy actively reduces the hypertrophic and probably strength yield of your program. Crout therapy is something to do when you have like back to back basketball games. And you don't want to be sore from one of the games into the other game. You do some crawout therapy immediately after that first game or really hard practices concluded so that you never start to make the positive adaptations to your body to begin with. And thus the positive adaptations. They're awesome once you get them, but during the time that you're getting them, you're going to be stiff and sore. Like if you're a trained you're like really hard, you're like to get sore a few days later they heal. If you need to be on point and use your legs a ton that day after, you don't want them sore. So if you cryotherapy right after your leg workout, your legs will get much less sore and not sore at all. They won't grow, they won't adapt, they won't make you better. But right after the cryotherapy in the next day, you'll actually feel really, really fresh and you'll feel like all I can do this again. So cryotherapy is excellent in the context of professional sports. If we're dealing with baseball players, hockey players, basketball players, that there's a couple of games in a row where they have to be on. You want to give them cryotherapy after every game. That's a very, very good idea in a normal training environment, which is I assume where he's going, where we just spent an entire session trying to listen positive adaptations like games and strength and hypertrophy. Cryotherapy is actually going to work backwards. It's going to work against us. And the fact this gentleman doesn't know that means he's at least five to ten years out of date with scientific literature, which means, you know, like, I guess we could all be better at a job. I could be better looking, but God decided, hey, you're going to look like Ninja Turtle and an M1 Abrams tank mixed together. But you'll be five for one. No one will talk to you in school. So for us nutrition is easy. That's the latter plant based protein powder. Easy plant based protein powder recovery nutrition check. Plant based protein powder is totally fine though, especially if you're using a complete plant protein, which they often have to congeal together from a couple of sources, unless it's so much less. So plant based protein powder is cool. I would prefer to also have carbohydrates in there. Proteins plus carbs after training is better than protein alone for a variety of reasons of coverage, potentially, if an avalism is so on and so forth. So just the protein shake alone is a good start. It's not the best, but it's a good start. Okay, so B plus so far. B minus. And the second is mobility. Mobility is the ability to have strength through a given range of motion. Mobility is flexibility plus strength. So I don't I know exactly what that has to do with a covering on top. Here you guys in on this. When you have a high level of cumulative fatigue, you've been training for weeks really hard. Part of your body's reaction mostly mediated by the nervous system is it actually makes you less flexible. Your tightness correlates very well to your degree of systemic fatigue. And so if you impose recovery modalities on that system, such as light training that's easier than normal training, lots of sleep, lots of food, lots of relaxation. Over several days and maybe even up to a week, your flexibility and the mobility rapidly improves. Because that systemic fatigue is going down. But if you misinterpret high chronic fatigue levels and their effect on mobility is a mobility problem. And try to solve the mobility problem by doing mobility drills. The benefit sort of is that you'll get some light training in and that will help reduce the fatigue. But the actual working on the mobility part isn't helping anything because the mobility is the symptom. It's not the f*** problem. It's like you get some virus that makes your lymph nodes blow up and you're like, We got a medicine to make your lymph nodes come back down. That's nice and all. It'll make me feel better. But what's it doing about the virus? And the guy's like, oh, virus. I'm not a real doctor. This guy real trainer. That's what his, what a CV says. Yeah. That's, that's me stretching him. Oh shit, he gets a stretch of the prawn. Did a fire stretch on the ground? That position would be like, hey, have a good game. I'll see you after. He's like, what? I'm not sexually. Of course not. I mean, unless, not on a, but no, no. Look, what ever you need, man. Lockrooms are the only place. Post exercise stretching. It can feel very nice. Has no research confirmed benefits for recovery and has seemingly no theoretical rationale for recovery as well. So if you want to stretch it for makes you feel good. It's totally cool to do a little bit of a mile stretching after the workout. Is it something that you're like, oh, man, I don't feel like stretching. I'm in a rush. And he'd go, should I stretch? I know it's important. It's not important. It's not important. Stretching is not important. If he was a very excellent trainer, he could just call the bra on the real deal. And they're like, look, bro. So this doesn't do shit. Let's get you the fuck out of here. Go, you'll do whatever for a basketball players do that's much more Potentuating and recovery. Play, play, play station and have gourmet food available to them at on hours. And, you know, he's got the video guys. LeBron, monogamous. He has a wife, then the whole NBA. I've seen real housewives of basketball. I know what he monogamous, I'm not the fuck. On the road, we fill up his, his hotel room bath with ice water. On the road, that makes him sense, especially if he has big games. Coming up, or it can be so discipleated as a foot bath cold. And there's a lot of ice on Mr. LeBron. It's, yeah, playing basketball into your later years. There's a motherf***er. I see, I see his dick. The cell phone wife, he's a cash yet. Hey, honey. Now, no, no, I didn't use it like that. No, baby, they're nothing to me. They're no one. I need no her name. I'll see you at 12. Alright, so we want to have a lot today. But just remember, some of the simplest routines that exercise is. I probably wasn't a most beneficial for you. Yes, that's actually true. Some of the most simple routines that exercise is probably the most beneficial to you. And we saw just mostly kind of complex stuff. Justifying in a bunch of different weird ways. Logs, you focused on your intensity, you focused on your movement. There was no intensity demonstrated. Forex on your movement is a good idea. And that's where you see some results. Great. Canon fodder for mental. They're like, just say stuff so we can have out-trump music play. Yeah. More fuck, great. Get the fuck out. Okay. If there's an exercise that's more of a clown show circus exercise, I've never seen it. This is peak, peak, clown work. This entire exercise is going to confer one advantage. It's a good practice to do this trick on social media. As far as general qualities that can be siphoned from this, to go to basketball or any other thing, that's not a thing. General balance training does not transfer to various other sports. And LeBron's basketball specific ability to balance is so frighteningly high. The only thing that can improve that is his challenge on the basketball court with my f***ing push in a barang. That's it. I love that there's gags to wrap on in the background. Like, m***, you ain't hard doing the shit's the least hardship anyone's ever done. Let's address a few things. If how should athletes actually train for example, ask while athletes in the gym, they should take the core movement patterns. Pushing with your legs, pulling with your upper body, pushing with your upper body, pushing and pulling with your whole body, break those down into very simple lifts. Deficit dead lifts, stiff leg and dead lifts, the weightlifting derivatives, pulls, mid thigh pulls, hand cleans, push presses, squats, front squats, bench presses, dumbbell presses, Smith machine throws, Madison ball throws. Take all that real good stuff, pull ups, rows, etc. And you take the gnarliest compound heavy versions of those, and sets of five to ten reps. And you get that athlete stronger in that rep range, and they're going to put on a ton of muscle. When you're doing that, you're also doing some sets of three to six work, even heavier to get them stronger. And while you're doing that, you're doing some very limited work of very lightweight, explosively, to develop power, something like a Madison ball slam or something like that, Smith machine, barbell throw. As you get closer to their season, you do less muscle growth work, more strength work, and a little bit more power work. When you get to their season or very close to it, you almost completely eliminate the hypertrophy work. You just keep the strength work sets of three to six in the same compound, gnarly heavy movements, and then you expand the amount of power work that they're doing, focusing on jumps and throws and plows, so that they're peaked for that power performance, which the leapie power is the only thing that really matters in basketball. After the end of their season, you give them a few weeks off, and you bring them in, and you start to work mostly on hypertrophy again. That's actual sports science, and tiresposed to train elite athletes. The reason I delete athletes are often not trained like this, is that they are the people that choose who trains with them and how. They have their preferences, and they mostly just want to train their sport, and when they do resistance training, they mostly want it to be as easy as possible, so they don't get so entired for their sport. Because most athletes don't know modern periodization, they are not sports scientists, they are not sport coaches, they don't know how to put together a good plan, but whenever they say, because they cost millions of dollars, other people will do included in trainers, and if they find a trainer they work well with, which is usually a guy that just gets along with them while tells them a little bullshit about how to exercise helping this in that. Make it seem like it's challenging, but in a way that doesn't beat them up, like balance training and most of all stuff, they'll keep that guy around, because again, my trainer's great. And we do training, and we check that box, and everything's fine. But training is not about checking a box. Training is about going the heart, and most of the folks in basketball don't know how to go hard without f***ing up their game. In real sport scientists for that, this is not that many of us around. In New Mr. LeBron, I haven't returned to calls, and no, I won't be your personal coach. Just kidding, if you want to holler your boy, saying, out of few slots open. Anyway, that workout gets three out of ten for mostly f***ing useless. Why is LeBron so good at basketball? Genetics, that or mother f***ing. I'll see you in the play basketball for 20 f***ing years. See you guys next time.