Uh, sorry, you were justifying a stupid programming thing. Sorry, I was a bumbley here, or what? I just want to roast a f*** out of your tea. But I think you couldn't, you couldn't roast it. Scott, video guy, cut the f***in' interview I've had enough of this. What? So, this is the studio, not coming out of here. Now we're not gonna put this out. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSound's Periodization, and... Huh! Hello? Teleported in. A Mr. Will Tennyson himself. How's it going? Known for things like being Will Tennyson. And the best hair in the industry? Who's got better hair than you in the fitness industry go? Yeah, I couldn't think of anyone either. I can't think of either. Well, you did a nice thing, but also potentially a terrible mistake. Oh, I know. You sent me your workout. Usually, I tuck my tail, hide away in a little studio, and make fun of people that are too important to ever notice me. You may have seen that on the exercise I'm to square teaks videos. But you're in here in real life, because you're a real man, a Canadian man. I was gonna make an animal sound for the Canadian animal, which is... What's it, beaver sound like? Oh, is it really a beaver? I think a beaver, I'm loose. Oh, moose is like, moose. But Ron, because moose is serious. Yeah, you're work out also looks serious. I'm going to critique your routine with your permission right in front of you. Gross me, man. Mike. I sure know, you may not roast me, might actually like it. Because I feel like a lot of my trainings inspired by you. Get out of here. Seriously. You're just saying that to get out of a roasting. You'll see, I think you might be pleasantly surprised. Or, or, or possibly, ugly. Alright, so we have a day one, day two, day three, day four, day five, so it's a five, day product. Okay, so I took a look at this. My first thought is that I really like it. And not just because you had Mr. important on the internet, have a bunch of subscribers. Though that is definitely factor. The following video will be a lie, so I can set up to you. Be your friend. This is an interesting split design that I have used before. And I highly approve of. And the split is upper body, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, lower body Tuesday, Thursday. And I especially would like if you skipped Thursday and pushed lower body last work out to Friday. And then had Saturday as your last upper body workout. Because otherwise Tuesday legs, you're going to a bit sore. You go into Thursday a little bit sore, so you're not going to be performing your higher. You go a little bit tired, which means you can't perform your higher, which means you can't apply it as robust of an overload, which means you're not going to get us good results on average. It also increases safety because if your leg knees are still kind of weird from leg presses on Tuesday, you get to act squats there's day and it's like, ugh, but if it's Friday, that one extra day over time can make a difference. There's also another really smart thing you did here, which is your day two and day four, they're not actually leg days. They're leg and arm days. So you train, push and pull Monday, Wednesday Friday and you do doubts. And then you do legs Tuesday, Thursday, but also your biceps and triceps. Yes. This is a really good idea for a few reasons. Upper body in one day. A lot of, right? So it's a good idea to sort of ease up on the upper body, take a little bit of burden off it, throw it onto the leg. That part of your routine that you took the arms out of the upper body, I think it's, is fucking great. So the overall structure of it, I think it's awesome. And why am I saying that first? Because there are kind of two elements of critiquing a program. Maybe three. People just think you look at the program and you read it line by line and you critique it, bullshit. Because the ultra structure of the program is the most important part. But for you, tell me, hey, look at the exercises I'm doing for triceps. I want to see where you train triceps and respect to each other during the week. I want to see if the frequency is sufficient because if you only hit triceps, one, so my God, you should be hitting everything kind of two, four times a week. And if you try steps, let's see if a big chest day on Tuesday, but you're a crazy tricep day on Monday. It's like, but your triceps are going to be tired and limiting your chest. So the overall structure is the first thing I look at at a program, which is why I just did what I did. Yeah. The next thing you consume in on is the specifics of each day. Then that's what we ask what's in the actual exercises, what's the exercise selection, etc. We can get real funky with that. The last level, which I don't have, what we can chat about later, is how does your program change in progress week to week? Because you could have a great program in week one, but if you never change it, you never auto-regulating, you never adapt to it, it stops me in the best program after a little while. But if you make some subtle changes here and there, like the RPI-Pertrophy App does for you automatically, for just $1 day, you sign up, link in bio, settle down, very subtle. So that's that end of the program. Let's zoom in on the exercises. Yeah. Let me just go to the one by one. Day one. My favorite day. Is it really? Yeah. Is it just because you're like a Monday type of person? Yeah. My man. I had two days of breath, so I'm like, let's go. It's more than a year. Yeah. I'm overqualified. First exercise is incline Smith Press, a three sets of eight to 12 reps. Nothing wrong with that whatsoever. I think it's great. A compound movement. When your fresh Smith machine is a fine tool to use in the gym, not a lot of manhood points, but you're in the gym to get saucy and swall, not to look like a man. Exactly. You look plenty like a man already. Although you do have a boy who's superior, since anybody ever told you that, I'd like a Peter Pan. This is a facial hair I can't grow. This is really it. Yeah. Love the incline Smith rate rep range. The set seemed very reasonable. Then you go to weighted pull ups for two sets of eight to ten plus one back down set assisted. So the eight to ten weighted. Mm-hmm. And then I find, at least for me, when I do like to like have you first, and then I back down to light, I feel a lot better. It's amazing. Mind muscle connection blows up. I love it. Huge approval. Number three, we're back to chest machine chest press for three by 12 to 15. I love it. It's a higher repetition range because you're a bit more tired and time for super strength stuff is over. If you're very good, T bar row three by 12 to 15 reps, excellent. No problems there. Your life is excellent. Full-rum laterals. You see, did you see the rep range? Three by 10 to 20 mile rep matching. And then after my own heart and yes, the my rep matching is terrible. For those of you not in the know, did you just put your foot closer to me? A little bit. Okay. We're married. Yeah. But yeah, I don't know where to ring. But yeah, she's not happy with that. The my rep match is awful because it's however many sets you get. However many reps you get in your first set, let's say it's two or I already get 18. You have to take as many my rep breaks on your second, third, and fourth, whatever sets you do, as it's required to match that first total rep number. So it's 18, 18, 18, 18, and it's terrible. And then in that spirit, you do some cable y-razes. Now, what are you targeting with those y-razes? Side down. Side a little bit of rear. Side, I like to try it, but like as far back as I can, squeeze hold and then you drill down. Perfect. I love it. Three sets, 10 to 20, my rep match. My only critique in this really isn't to critique. It's a suggestion for an alternative way of doing things is if you clustered the chest work together and then clustered the back work together, that might have a maybe a tiny bit of a beneficial effect. It's not good for enhancing strength gains because you want to be rusted between the exercises, but it sums up more local metabolites for you. Your chest is pre-futigued with the first exercise, it gets really cooked with the second exercise. And it allows you to maybe get a little bit more local fatigue for the same amount of systemic fatigue and that might have a bit more of a hyper-traffic drive. It's just not a big deal. I can't even put my scientific reputation on it, but it's a nut benefit. A chest plus back pump is like neither one of them could be that pumped, but a mega chest pump, flexing that buck and bitch, it's in the corner that never looks at you. And then back pump, you turn your back to her, do the same thing, maybe she's like a me, she's not who cares. And then you're good to go. So just a quick suggestion, but this is awesome. I like this a lot. But don't don't worry though, yeah, you're not other. What's this four whole days? You're going to fuck this up. Day two, lying hamstring curl, three by a 10 to 20-mire at match. My man. Did I ask for that? Yes, a man that likes pain. That looks like a great idea. Also training your hamstrings first a lot of times is really good because they don't systemic with fatigue a ton. But if you did quads first, you would just be so blown up systemically that you'd like to look at the leg curl machine and you're like, man, I'm not a fuck this. I can't, though. And also my knees are so fucked. I find if I do hamstrings first, it helps it. No way, perfect. It warms you up. A lot of people said that John Meadows RIP used to say that that was a good thing to do. Yep. Then you go into leg extensions, three by 10 to 20-mire at a, did you get a lot of leg extensions? Do you get huge pumps and stuff? Oh, yeah. Yes, stuff. Okay, great. They're great exercise, but my stimulus to fatigue ratio personally from me on them just sucks. So if yours is good, you're the man. So I'm really screaming by the set three. I'm like, yeah, yeah, I'm screaming just because I'm a show off and I have to have all the attention. I don't feel anything. Number three, single leg press. That newly added. Explain. I was kind of tired of doing leg regular leg press for three sets of 12-15. I feel like I hit plateau on it and I was just kind of like stagnant with my form and everything. Sure. I was like, what's up with you up a bit and come back to it later. Do you like the exercise? If I have a, you've been liking it. Yeah. I crazy made it. I don't get dick out of it. It's two unstable for me. I fucking hate it. I can't stand it. And my adactors end up getting super fucking sore because the stability requirement. But if you like it, mego approval. I would just tell people that there's something magical about the single leg leg press. You're just doing it out of variation because there's something different. It does take longer. Like if I'm getting into leg press, bro, I'm doing both legs at the same time. Like that. I want to be in that machine a little bit. I want to get there though. Eventually in this program. Oh, yes. Oh, yeah. Excellent. So good so far. Hacksquat. Two sets late by 12. Why the single leg leg presses first? You can go heavier on a hack squad. I prefer to have it earlier. What's the use? I used to go heavy on the hack squad. And this is like, you know, you're talking about progression within. So I like to progress. Obviously sets reps. But I feel like I like to kind of change exercise order as well. Like I was kind of stagnant on the hack squad for a while. So I wanted to kind of get to the point where I'm doing the same weight on Hacksquat's as my later and later in the accident. Okay, perfect back burner. I love that. Then that's it for legs. So far great leg routine. And then spider curl, three sets of 10 to 20 minute match. Spider curls are fun. They're very effective. They do prioritize them. I'll slow the shortened end of the range of motion and really de-prioritize them lengthen. By on the canocly it would be better to choose an exercise that stretches you behind or something like that. And climb dumbbell curls, meta-handslomen Bayesian curls or whatever. Or this is what's next. No way. That's in there. Yeah. My name. But other than that, that just be being personic. Yeah. Like this is totally fine. I've done a crap load of spider curls. Then there's cable curls. Which is the sign behind the back. The back very coat. That's excellent. Those fuck me off. Oh fuck. Super set with skull crusher to heavy plus one lighter set. You're doing your skull crusher with what implement. So I'd be like the first two sets of eight to ten. Okay. With a barbell? With dumbbells. Dumbbells, cock. Where do you put the dumbbells to the outside of your ears? That's not my ears. And then I just extend back. And then I'll drop the weight for the last set and I'll go 12 to 20. Dope. That looks really good. So far so good. I got to take it over this channel soon. I think you're actually charged now. Yeah. Are you talking to Mike? No. You have to do my hair. You actually do it. That's a smaller deck. Day three. Flat Smith, press three by 10 to 12. I love it. When I first looked at this routine a couple of minutes ago, I was like, how much my fucking doing the same shit over and over? No. One was inclined, one was flat, very good. And then you have seal row three by 1215. Seal row is an excellent variation. But they're not my favorite back exercise because unfortunately, he sends your flat. It ends up being that the maximum difficulty of the exercise is closer to the contraction point. But when you're super stretched out and we prefer exercises that give you a big challenge on the stretch. So the seal row looks like a good exercise. Another thing is, do you have balance problems on there when you pull up your kind of shift forward and you pull down your shift back? A little bit. Yeah. So the seal row to me when I first saw it as a machine, I was like, whoa. But then I tried and I was like, ah, does your seal row thing have a cambered bar so that you can, ah. No. So it clanks. Yeah. Not ideal, but not the worst thing in the world. He did dips two by 10 to 12 amazing. You're doing those for chest and triceps and all the things. Yeah. Excellent. How low are you going? No. I go like it. I just like four seconds of centric. Ooh. Nice one at two second parts. Uh, I can tell from your juicy packs. Yeah. Are you trick free? Why? Sure. We'll see. Neutral grip pull down. Three by 20 my right match. My right match on pull ups. You must be out of your mind. What kind of form pump do you get after that? That's the same. That's actually the only exercise that you straps. Yeah. Yeah. Back training hugely benefits from straps. And a lot of people make it an ego thing. Look, you book and use that. Look, a crutch. Well, the fucker, the gym is a crutch. You dumb asshole. Also, you buy fruit from a grocery store. You're supposed to be eating with your bare hands like liver cake, a real man. Yeah. Uh, 45 degree laterals to upright roast supersat. Mm-hmm. A man after my own heart. My right match out. And then face bowls three by three to four sets to failure. Now, this, well, you have stepped on my toe. Uh, you know, what is to failure if I don't know what rep range is that I assume sets of three to failure. So it's a, it just says X failure. There's no right way to three to four sets. So basically, if I'm like, oh, my third something to fuck, this goes good to them. Another one. How many reps you're doing? I'm just going. I pick a weight and I'm just, I'm just going. So I've been saying upwards of 25. Oh, I see. Yeah. 25 plus because it could be 20. Scott, video guy cut the fucking interview. I've had enough of this. What? You dropped your mic. What do I do? I just wanted to see you bend over and you. Sorry, you were justifying a stupid programming thing. Well, I guess I was making it for myself without thinking about making it for myself. Because you know things. Yeah. And you already know that. And I was like 40. I can typically get, yeah, 25. Yeah, 25. I'm going to go there. Perfect. I take my critique back. Sorry, I'm boring here. Oh, I have a fucker still here. Isn't like, he doesn't can it. I mean, you or something. Day four. See the hamstring curl. Three sets of 10 to 20 reps. My room match. I love it. My room match on that is terrible. But also super effective. It's like once you're in the fucking machine, just go. See to this awesome because you did lying earlier. This is excellent variation. I'm not seeing any good mornings or stuff like a bedlifts or anything like that. Explain yourself. So enjoy them. Yeah, they suck. Yeah. If you wanted a bigger, narrow your back and a bigger ass, which I guess you probably don't. Yeah. Then you could do that, but no worries. Leg press three sets of eight to 10. That's totally cool. I would like to see higher repetitions on the leg press, especially with my reps. I think typically the legs just get blown up from higher reps a little bit more than sets of three to eight or something like that. Or sets of eight to 10. But if it works for you, rep range is also personal. Smith squat, two sets of eight to 12. Love. Easy bar curl, three sets of 10 to 20. My room match. Amazing. Tri set push down, three sets of 10 to 20. My room match. What the handles are using for the push down is just to make it less straight bar. Look at Barbar. Yeah. Actually like a straight bar best. Yeah. People are like, if you ever try the fucking deal no attachment with the fucking leg. You can't go nearly as happy. Yeah. And it also like actually feels worse on me. People see it like all use the rope because my elbow is not like, dude, I try to use the rope. It hurts my fucking elbow. Yeah. Fuck that. Are we built similarly? Some places far off. The fact that we're just both adult men. Yes. That's where the similarity ends. Incline curls, love. Three sets of 12 to 15 reps. You control the eccentric on those. Always. Of course. I'll believe you for now. Will. Day five. Last day. Pack deck. Would you spell wrong? Did I? Was it a DCK? I don't know actually. So I was thinking you'd riff off that and come back to me and say, it's actually a SPELLA. Folks, let's know the comments, how do you spell Pack deck? I think I'm right. Don't go that out. Is it? I think I think like a deck. You're on the deck. It's like a, you're like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, there's a K at the end of the word. Yeah. But we're not on the. No, we're just on a machine. Yeah. So why is it called? Because I think it's like Pack PC. Yeah. And then deck. Just for now reason at all. Yeah. Great. Three sets of 12 to 15. Now which one is it? Is this one? Yeah. So a machine fly. Yeah. Same idea. Cable row. A three by 12 to 15. Are you doing this with spinal flexion? Or are you trying to keep your back pretty straight? Well, I try to reach. Oh, my man. It feels fucking great. Yeah. A machine chest press three by 12 to 15. So it's one to flat chest press. Okay. So the first one, the other chest press was an ink line. This one's like I'm lying flat. Now day one exercise three was machine chest press. Yeah. But that's so that one's an ink line one. Slightly inclined. This one's like I'm lying flat. A flat one. A flat one. You know, like dumbbell presses are just the variation you're doing. I just did a whole stand with dumbbells. I'm like, like, beautiful. Perfect. It's interesting because a lot of the questions I get on social media is like I post my workout and any exercise someone picks like they're like, I just do regular bar bar rows and they're like, why not cambered bar rows? And I'm like, that's like telling someone who ordered a rice dish like why not pasta and like, I don't know, tomorrow pasta, Jesus Christ, like there's multiple correct answers to the shit. So this all looks good so far. Close grip pull down. How close? Like the the the bar? The bar. Yeah. Oh yeah. Do you feel a bit extra at the top? Because my shoulders won't allow me to stretch at the top of that one. I think, yeah, I think so. Super. And you touch your chest at the bottom. Excellent. That looks good. Cable laterals. So I'm like, I put them behind me here and I don't. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Oh, look. It's three sets of failure. Yeah. We're not going to broach that again. We've already beat that to the right. So I pick a weight. I can probably get at least 15 and I just go. And then I went some like failure. Then I kind of. Burn them out. Yeah. Load lengthened partials are great. Yeah. And then lastly, exercise number six for day five machine laterals, which one of these these ones were okay, those. Don't you like to like the. I thought to wish man. The Atlantis. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we can't all be rich, Lamborghini owner butler collectors like myself. I assume you came from a life of branding poverty in Canada. You want to stay in America? I would love that. Can I do in the house? I guess living the gym. Sure. Their condition and heated sent from my iPhone. What's that I've never heard of that before? Is that a workout routine? I've no come back on that. That was just a stupid joke. It was a joke that will probably delete and editing. Yeah. By that I mean, it's a perfect idea. Yeah. You look like a fucking moron. Will. This was a bit tenuous for me in real life. I'm actually a nice person. Believe you're not. I didn't want to roast a fuck out of your team. Because like you could have sat me some shit. Like I don't really know you bro. We met yesterday. So I think you shouldn't. You couldn't roast it. Because it was so good. Yeah. Exactly. But it could have been shit. So before I started this, I was like Jesus Christ, like we're collabing with world. This is great. I'm going to roast him. He's going to say fuck you. He's going to leave. He's never going to post the videos. We're going to get no subscribers. He's going to suck. But it turns out like your shit is fucking pretty dope man. And you kind of seem to know what you're doing other than the fact that the failure of thing is just a side of it literacy. And dare I say degeneracy on your part. It's all numbers until you just turn into a bro. Because when you get tired at the end, you just like rage out and I fuck these numbers bro. My rep range is pain on those. So would you give me a score? Oh, oh God. Yeah. I'm going to have my report card. Yes. Parent teacher interviews. Your parents are like, come on. I'm a career person here. Tell me how my son is fucking up. I would give this a 95 out of 100. It's an A. It's not an A plus. It's your not Jared feather. But it's almost as good as it gets. And if I saw this program online and someone was like, hey, could you critique Will Tennyson's program, you and I were boys like we are now. I would start filling the video and then halfway through Scott would be like, this isn't bucket. There's nothing entertaining to this. It's just another review of a really good program. So is this the day or not? No, we're not going to put this out. He. Guys, follow us, got it. If you don't already. And if you've come here from Will Tennyson's people, you want to follow the channel. Just don't let your kids watch the channel. We get that. You just understand. We're all the sober. Yeah, very good. Peace. Thanks. So I like it.