What do we expect over the next 30 days from that? Over time, we're only going to decrease his calories, increase his activity, and up his cardio. Holy shit. Because of the resistance, the metabolism and the psychology form, the process gets exponentially more difficult. That's before you increase the difficult variables like physical activity and cardio, and decrease food. We're talking about a vertical line at some point at difficulty. That's going to be really tough. I'm really curious about that. So it's going to get harder with them as the video goes on. He is going to suffer. Yeah, for sure. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I'm a former professor of exercise and sports science. I can cross-marines like this to look tough. And also, I have a black belt and I'm a bodybuilder. Would I have black belt then Scott? Uh, the bloodline is good. Uh, something with grappling and touching men. But my personal weird hobby is aside. I am aware of at least three people that go by Mr. something that are of extensive note. Mr. Jones from that kind of crow song, Mr. Johnson. Me, I'm not sure what the hell he was doing. But definitely made a song about that. Mr. Nick Shaw, who is CEO of RP and an owner of now five roles-race Phantom 2s, he collects them. That's a weird thing, but he gets called Mr. and you're all important. And to many of the most important, Mr. of them all, a Mr. Beast. Who exists and makes the most popular content the world has ever seen and to guess what Mr. Beast had done. He'd unweighted himself into some exercise and sports science stuff so that your boy can knock off some views and comment about what the hell is going on in Mr. Beast's world and we're going to take a look at a recent challenge episode dig into the science, see what's good, see what's bad and see if we can have some third rate humor about it. Three, two, one, third rate. This is my friend, Matt. Friend, Scott, are they friends? The fine friend. Exactly. Matt, so I assume his full name is Majid, which is an Arabic name. I'm just guessing. He looks, you know, Turkish enough. I would say, and, uh, Maj weighs 324 pounds, which is a lot of pounds. I don't know, Scott, he looks pretty lean to me. Will you say 15, 16% body fat? Yeah, he's pretty shredded. Not contest lean, but beach lean. And if he loses a hundred pounds in the next year, I will give him a quarter of a million dollars. The production of a video like that isn't the same guys. One of them is just not make videos like this. This is Mr. Beast territory with like a serious team and just be in the best at doing the thing. Scott, $250,000 at a box like that, I'm imagining this is mostly one's and paper maché. Yes, you get to see the box later in the center. Oh, I'm just going to do this once. Okay, that's cool. 100 pounds in a year is roughly eight-ish pounds a month that has roughly two pounds per week for someone to waste around 24 pounds. It is both incredibly challenging and doable. That's cool. This is actually at that borderline of realism where you can do it, but it's grueling. And I sure hope, Madge, got himself the RP-high-perchography app comes with dozens of pre-me programs from two days of training per week all the way up to six days of training, with specialized programs included for shoulders, arms, chest, back, legs, abs, and glutes. Each one with male and female options. You get them all and can use them as often as you like, even building off of them to make your own customized version for only about a dollar a day. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. I'm sorry about the loses belly. Yep. I have good comments. But since we were only weighing him once a month, he didn't even know how much progress he had made. Ooh, that's fun, you guys. They only weighed him once a month and he didn't know how much progress he was making. There is a dark side and a light side to that. The dark side to that is that little mini wins at least once a week can really pump you up. Not having them is ugh. The other dark side to that is you can't make adjustments to your diet and your physical activity and your training. Little fine tune adjustments to keep you losing on the right track because you don't know what your track is. So that is negative. The positive and it's a big positive. So I would say this is a totally fine move to do. Is that you don't have to worry about am I doing things right? Blah, blah, blah, blah. You just get a good healthy diet together. A good calorie deficit together just do your work. Zero stress, zero extra cortisol secretion and that way you can end up in a position where you're just doing the thing. And then once a month you get the news. Now, if after a month you get the news of like your head of schedule, hey, amazing, keep going. If after a month you get the news that you're behind schedule, it's time to not up and do some shit. So I don't hate this approach. Most people don't have this luxury because they don't have like a bunch of people tending to them. They can't just assume they're on the right diet. You've been completing up to 18,000 steps per day. Yeah. You've been lifting five days a week. And now it's time for your first monthly weigh. Holy crap. You lost 20 pounds. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So if you think about it, roughly eight pounds a month, losing 20 in your first month is really good. However, a large fraction of that is water. Because when you start eating healthy and you stop overfilling your body, then obviously his sodium level almost certainly drop because typically to get this big, you have to eat a lot of sodium in your junk food. A lot of times that initial weight loss is maybe not largely water, but a lot of water. The real question is, what does mouth 23456 look like? Because people will do this. They'll lose a ton of weight in their first month and they'll go, oh my god, I'm going to lose 50 pounds by the end of the year. It slows down and sometimes in a huge way. What do we expect over the next 30 days from that? Over time, we're only going to decrease his calories, increases the activity and up his cardio. Holy shit, because of the resistance, the metabolism and the psychology form, the process gets exponentially more difficult. Even if you keep everything static, so if you keep exactly the same lifting, exactly the same eating, exactly the same activity, exactly the same added cardio, as you go through the year, the difficulty of the diet goes up exponentially. It's before you increase the difficult variables like physical activity and cardio. And decrease food. We're talking about a vertical line at some point of difficulty. That's going to be really tough. I'm really curious about that. So it's going to get harder with them as the video goes on. He is going to suffer. Yeah, for sure. We sing a morning, make breakfast, a walk my track, I'll play basketball. I don't like a lot of it's the same. It's literally how my days have been. This is it, bro, I'm really doing it and I love it. I love it. He's got him doing a lot of dumbbell work, a lot of machine work, a lot of good compounds, the lateral race technique is goded. He's got slightly bent arms to keep his elbows nice and comfy. He is actually like those are the 25s. He's pretty strong. Scott, this guy's looking, you know what I'm saying? He's doing it. Yeah. And way above parallel, really good control. This guy's my man. It's been over two months. Last way in, you wait three hundred three pounds. And now, badge weighs two hundred and eight pounds. Six pounds. Since the beginning of this challenge, you've lost 38 percent of your total weight. Where you going? You ran away. He crosses the red line. He's like, all I needed to know was that I could do this. I didn't really want to do it. That I honestly think at this point if man just doesn't overeat. And if he's really attentive to his diet and sticks to around that calorie amount average of the he's been consuming, he might actually make it just by coasting. Hopefully he doesn't get pushed too hard and have a relapse of rebound. Does happen. Every pushup you do, I will add a thousand dollars to your price school. $18,000. $18. That's zero. My, you're up to 20 grand. Oh yeah. Okay. $25. $26. Yeah, it's number. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. Three reasons I would have given him zero dollar so far. A proper pushup begins at lockout. Your chest touches the ground with nothing else except your toes, your hands and your chest touching. No cock to the ground. And then you come all the way back up to lockout. That's one proper pushup. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. $25. The partial pushup from the top position. And then look yourself in the mirror after. What came next was the worst thing that's ever happened in one of my videos. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Scott, this is a joke for the purpose of the video, right? It's not, unfortunately. I thought the same thing. It's not playing. They kept it in. Yeah. Holy fuck. Yeah. Yeah, I got no jokes for that one. She's Christmachendoluses. Yeah. Coach Wall has a go-fun me for anyone who wants to have fun. Do you get less than or that? Me, yeah, description. Good God. Yeah. She didn't like that. She seemed like a good dude. Yeah, man. All right, continue to handle. She's. Over the next few days, visitors poured in to help process his grief while he contemplated the decision of continuing or stopping this video. Because ultimately, whether or not the video continues was up to him. Let's see what he was. He lost to our 50 pounds. Is he another 15? Well, this is day 100 and he lost the total of 50 pounds now. 50. 50 by day 100. That's a good clip. That's a good clip. Remember the exponential. But having 265 days left to lose 50 pounds is a pretty God damn good position to be if I were this a young man. What I would do is take a two month diet break at least where I lost no more weight. And I let my metabolism cool off. And then I would kick it into gear again. That would be the smart play. There are many smart plays. I think that would be the smartest. Let's see what he does. He's probably just going to keep going. Meaning, man, just officially halfway through the challenge. Do a mile in under eight minutes in 30 seconds. Dude, Scott, do we do not enough mini bonus surprise challenges on this channel? Yeah, I mean, you have to go over all the videos. And then you need all these little things along the way to keep people's interest. Right, because people have attention span problems. And they're like, but I'm bored now that the plot has been the same for 37 seconds. Yeah. It's like you have, it's like a lecture video for you. But then like the three seconds, then you do like a job going contest. Dude. Yeah, I guess that's where my off tangent stupid jokes that no one laughs at come in handy, Huscott. Yeah, I guess we do have that. Yeah, but just worse. And no one makes any money. It's half of your one mile time at the start of the challenge. I'll add another $25,000 to your price. Drive my first mile. Honestly, Scott, like, what do you think Mr. Beast is going to be doing? And like, 2035. Because I have a feeling it's going to be the same stuff, but because we're definitely going to be living in a dystopian Hellscape, future, whatever place. It's going to be the same show, except just you see that the green stuff just outside of that red line Scott land mines. There's the land mines for a million dollars. Now that's going to keep you watching 12. 12 minutes and 50 seconds. I don't have to pay. Means it has to shave by minutes. And you're going to be tough. 830 miles tough. There are two components to how easily you can run a mile. One is your body composition, like the leaner and smaller you are the easier to run. But two is your fitness for running the mile. And the best way to develop that is a running program. So unless he's really kicking it into gear running, it's going to be a real tough to run an 830 mile just off getting into regular better shape. You did an 8 minutes and 4 seconds. Oh, it's fast. Scott, this is too fast for me man. Like, do you think he's going to yes he did? But what about all he did that to? This challenge, right? Even they didn't even you win. And he loses. He stopped over the red line. He's gone. Folks, there is still more video to come. But if you were a member, there could be a lot more video to come. Because there is double the video length roughly for the extra unedited, unfiltered and frankly insanely offensive version of this video, you'll only find out the members at area. And you'll find other nerdy videos and vlogs and do you like to ****? All right, let's get back to the video. When you started, you were able to dead hang for six seconds and exactly 30 days. Wow, he does look a lot smaller, Huskah. Yes. It's a different person now. And a very surprised man in red jacket. Look at his face. He's like, why am I in this video? Who am I even? Maybe it doesn't help? And to the right comedian Andrew Shelts. For every second you can hang, I will give you $8,000. Scott, how come we don't make money like this man? That's a shame. Has anyone ever showed up to your house and said every second you can hang you've been a thousand oh no. I personally think you are. It's Jeffree Nippard from Jeff Nippard on YouTube. Amazing. What's he saying? Look at how big his arms are. I don't care what he's saying. He's handsome. Can do a pull up. I wanted to upload my whole entire life. Just once you're full of. If you can do it, I'll throw it in extra 10k. Yo, Jeff is breaded up out of his breaded up. Oh, macro factor. Jeff, you get in cheesy out here, my man. Hey, I'm saying we aren't texting terms. Why don't you set them off or up a little bit of cash? Jeff, matter of fact, I can do a few pull-ups. Can you throw an extra 10k for me? Jeff, does it look like we have money, bro? Look at this. I'm wearing an old fego t-shirt that I got from jiu-jie moofy. It was a gift. I can't even afford t-shirts. Jeff, please, bro. Please. Take your grip. Okay. And then this is going to really kind of shoot you up. Does that make sense? So it's giving you a lot of assistance. Okay. That's cool. Band assisted pull-ups are a cool way to enhance your pull-ups strength. They're not the best way. It was unfortunately there like easiest at the part where the pull-ups not super challenging. And they kick off and don't really help you when it is super challenging. So it's not an ideal thing. An assisted pull-up machine would be better. Lots of pull-downs and stuff would be better. But this is definitely a way to groove in and build up your confidence, build up some muscle, build them Subtechnique for pull-ups that eventually you can just do regular pull-ups by yourself. I'm so sorry. The main goal for me is to finish this. The 100 pounds and just make sure that the world can hopefully see a coach's impact. I'm pushing that hand. Oh. I wonder. Those look oddly similar to one of the greatest grip products in the world called the Versa grip. Because if you're doing pull-ups and rows and deadlifts and lateral raises, you'll notice that your hands have trouble holding onto the weight, which means your muscles that are actually trying to train like those of your back, your legs or shoulders don't get really close to failure. And that means they don't get the best results. So if you want amazing results for your whole body, you're going to want to take grip out of the equation in most of your lifting and which it's a problem. That's what Versa-Rips do exactly now. To be completely honest, one of the things we did after we developed Versa-Rips was put them to the test. Scott, you wouldn't believe this, but we put two Versa-Rips into their own underground bunker, which we fed them only cornflakes for a year. Cameras everywhere, excited show host. And guess what they did. They walked through that shell like it wasn't even there. They ate every single cornflake, flexing and everyone. And guess what, when we were like, hey, there's a day left. You're going to win the challenge. They're like, when this was never about winning, they looked up, powered up DBZ style, burst through the whole fucking bunker. It's just like rocks falling in and grass and gravel and it's just zoomed off into space. And we've never seen them since. Is it possible that your Versa-Rips will fly away from you after discovering both sentience and dragonball z powers? Corporate statement is unlikely. But we can't rule it out. Anyway, Versa-Rips, there's a link in the code to description, something like that. By them, and they'll probably be your friend once they gain ultimate power. And only three days, just really helped match improve his dead head. Which was not looking good for my tank account. This guy is an animal. There we go. Whoa. Wait. Oh, he's attached. Right? Yes, of course. Of course. Because I was waiting for like a pool. And then when I didn't see the pool, I was like, oh, yes. All right. That's really something I'm lying here. Scott, I'm being more but all jokes. He, um, he lets go and somehow they didn't calculate the momentum right. So he just jacks his chin on the metal. Oh, oh. That's that. Challenge over. Dekits. Five seconds. And match the little down. Look down. Oh my gosh. Does that scare you? Is that it all? Whoa. Oh, he's just dropping in and what's up? Oh my god. Big breath. And then you're going to drive as hard. Um, uh, mass max editing this. Yes. Max zoom in on Jeffries chest and arm. And then play the game. Jeffery. My god is looking unbelievable. And he also has a suitcase that federal authorities would identify as definitely a cash suitcase. Typical Canadian. Art is you can chest to the bar. Let's go. Wow. Wow. Oh, no. Wow. Wait, three. Wait, he doesn't even hold it. He doesn't even hold. He doesn't even hold. Oh. Oh. Oh. Take good beam out of the last day. It's crazy. Six months, half here. Over these six months. Match last is daily colloric intake by 600 calories. Decreased his fat mass by over 50%. He also did 3,955 push-ups. It made 17,600 fat small shots. And oh, this technique is good. I want to see magic and Jeffrey go out and pass it all. That's what I want to see. Oh, by the way, Jeff, in case you didn't see a video, we already posted about that. Stop playing and accept my challenge to one on my basketball job. But it honestly in your own personal best interest, don't accept because. Scott, remember when I played professionally in Europe? I do remember. Yeah, you do remember. According to his doctor, if he keeps this up, you will have extended his lifespan by around five years. Yeah, and even that might be an understatement. This is cool stuff. And now there's a crowd. What's going on? We're going to do something a little different and jump forward in time to show you his full transformation. Here it is. After half a year. Right? Oh, dude, Scott, that beard is just glorious. I love it. Yeah! How many other results? Oh, wow. Wow. He did it. Day 178. So like halfway through, he didn't. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. That young man Scott has the same blank facial expression as always. He's dead inside. Okay. Let's go! 178 days in this circle. Take your hand off your eyes. Hey, run, check family out. Oh, wait. Happy to be honest, family. His family in $470,000, you won. Okay. There's a drone there, is he under attack? Also, they let him see his family before he got his beard done. Because his beard's back. Yeah, they jumped ahead. Oh, I see. That like they said they would. Yeah. I'm an idiot. Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! You guys, that was really wholesome. Hopefully we learned something. Basically, it's possible to accomplish this sort of thing. He did phenomenal work. Truly massive credit to match. Massive credit to his coach. And just really, really wonderful stuff. Good dieting, diligence works really well. For a long term, keep him in the way to off. It's actually much easier, but you have to have those sustainable habits. High level of physical activity 10,000 steps a day. Consistent resistance training. And making sure to eat most of your meals healthy. And if you wake, scoots up by five or six pounds. Do two weeks of clamping down on the diet to get it. This is too tough. And then you're kind of indefinitely and really, really good shape. So massive respect, this is great. And Scott is a very wholesome Mr. Beast video. Wasn't it? Yeah, great. Mr. Beast? Uh, look. Folks, I give Mag a 10 out of 10 for honor and courage and excellence. And a 100 out of a lot of money for being the fucking man. And also Jeff Nipperd was in the video, which was nice to see. In any case, I've been Dr. Mike. And we will see you guys in the next time. Woo! Folks, that was something. And I feel quite beastly myself. Are you feeling beastly too? Click on this video and maybe the beastliness will continue. See you next time.