And this is what Petipi could go down. Double the distance and get way more gains. With my perfect form, okay? I don't want to hear anyone complaining about my form. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pre-Duration. And I also happen to be a professor of exercise and support science at Lehman College in the Bronx in New York City. Man, New York City. Merci. What? Why did I court over to 20's guy in girl? I'll tell you why. Because we're going to be reviewing Mr. Pewdiepie's workout. I don't know his relationship to the 20's. I thought that joke would materialize better than it did. But you see, Pewdiepie is a person on the internet who doesn't turn that things. But he recently got pretty f***ing jack and ripped. I'm going to see if the way he got there is most efficient or least efficient or probably new asses of summer between. Let's find out. Hello everyone. Today we're going to go through my epic workout. He's not from America. Scott, the video guy, where's Pewdiepie from? Pewdiepie. I'm from the country as a sweet agent. No, I am also a magnet. And then my freak time and I'm a new Pewdiepie. And I have a Viking sword and Hugh Mungus, you two follow. And I'm like, tour, but with more followers and more relevant. Today is the issues. I love the accent. I can't get enough of it. If you're Nordic, I want to hear you talk that shit in your beautiful gorgeous amazing accent. And I'm not just talking about the ladies. I'll bet you find us. Hell up there. The men send me the men. Oh, look, Pewdiepie. He's a man from the countries of North. Let's see what he has to say here. So you also can look epic. Game of Thrones. Huh. The screen went red. He was angry. Hopefully you're some anger in the gym. First off, let's go through my setup. My workout setup, which is the same Goddamn setup that I've always had. And here's my gym setup. Whoa, that's low budge. I thought this motherf*** was making like a trillion dollars an hour on YouTube. Respect for not spending your money on dumb shit like gym equipment. What do we got? Universal dumbbells. Those are always a good investment, by the way. Pug, great dog for a training partner. Doesn't give a shit. We'll fall asleep. We'll bother you. Bench. That's it. You can get pretty decent shape like that training lags this tough. But the recommendation of goblet squats, he elevated squats, dumbbells deflegged dead lifts, and lunges. You can actually get pretty jack legs too. The upper body is super easy to train if you just have that setup. So let's see what he did. The only difference now is that I'm in our living room. That's all you need, baby. I trains in a living room. Oh, he moved it from the garage. I used to use weights, cold power block. Power blocks excellent. I have only good things to say about the power block. My workout is pretty much more or less the same as I used to. Exciting. I've only changed up a couple of things here and there. I think I used to do five days a week. Guys, I'm noticing a trend here. Everyone who makes lots of money on YouTube has a gaming chair, which brings me to my next point. Scott, the video guy, you equipped this studio in which we work in its entirety. Where the f*** is my gaming chair? I have no full-net studio. They're generally a little bit harder though. I know that you don't like it hard. I do like it hard from the back, but mostly the bottom. Am I right? Do you guys know what I mean about that? I want to be very clear. I mean that I like consensual gay sex. Hey guys, if you like that and you want more, I don't know why you would. I'm judging you already. We have a member section with extended unfiltered raw triple x rated cons. What? So you guys there? I start off. Mike most people. Oh my god. I didn't know he was this good looking. Scott, how dare you not prepare me for this. Just the way he like casually flips his hair. It's no big deal, but I've got the fool head of hair. And I hope that that's what Dr. Mike is jealous. He is jealous Pewdiepie, that you know that I exist or anything. Got a start up with chess. It's the base. Did you say base? I was trying to make his accent sound worse than it is, or more extreme rather because it's a good accent. And I failed because it's even more extreme at times. Nothing wrong with starting with chess. It's all a bro in us. Me I'd like to have a few bro's in me at the same time. The thing with dumbness is they're quite hard to get up. Like to get to the... Scott? His chair reclines almost fully. Try and apply now. I see if that's... It feels like a different place here now. That's not fully. Get me a fucking gaming chair, Scott. Fuck. I was so proud when I hit that. Yeah, okay. So this isn't terrible technique. Ideally we would like to see Mr. Pewdiepie go down slower and get a much deeper stretch and because it's tough to get a deep stretch with the doubles being that big and they're just on a hitting your chest. Either as he goes down he should rotate into neutral or he should have them at neutral the entire time so they can get significantly below his chest. Stop for a second or two down there. Really open up that chest. Get a huge stretch. Trust me, you will feel it. And then come back up. I definitely been pushing myself more. I try to push myself to the point where I was like, okay, here I am. One more rant. If I could do one more rant, there will be world peace and everyone will be happy. That is excellent training motivation. I use that daily. So I do chest. I do incline chest. Chest is a muscle group. Not an exercise. It is called a press. I'm being a pedantic asshole. Just for more content at this point. Which is good to you. And then I do Scott. I'm f***ing. After that I do shoulders. Which wins when you're already tired from chest. Yeah, the technique is okay. Again, he could go slower on the way down. He could go deeper for a big stretch. You actually want to touch the inside of the dumbbell to the outside of your front belt. That's a huge, big mega stretch at the bottom. That would mean you have to use less weight. Better for your joints, better for your muscular development. But what he's doing isn't bad at all. And also like shoulder pressing in general for physique development purposes. As long as you're doing chest pressing at a flat and incline angle is just way overrated and way overused. Plan and simple. Oh yeah. And then after that I do a superset where I combine, oh yeah, look at that. Bees, I don't know what they're calling. They're called tricep kickbacks. They are a terrible exercise. Because muscles grow best when at the deep stretch, you have the most external load imposed or the most internal load. And at the contraction, the least. Kickbacks at the bottom, gravity, there's an even affecting them. So you get nothing. And then at the top it gets harder and harder and harder. And while you feel the tricep contracting significantly, it's just not an ideal movement. It does it work. Yes. Is it close to the best movement? No. A better movement would be to take the dumbbells on any channel, lie down on the bench, and bend at the elbows to touch either your face or to outside of your ears. You can do a neutral grip. You can do it regular grip. Either way, it's going to fry your triceps. Way, way, way, way better. The kickback is, it's an exercise that just wish we would die and go away. Kind of like my mom told me my whole life until I moved out. She'd say shit like, why are you still here? Who are you? She'd yell at me and throw pots and pans. I was five. And then lateral raises, I guess, like that. Like I was guessing about what exercise did you do? But I tried to make it into one set. Do you some technique? Again, folks rushing daddy's centric. You get up there. You're milking out a ton of muscle growth stimulus if you go slower on the way down. Get up quick, slow on the way down. I finally come to a point where I'm more comfortable pushing myself before if I ever felt like I'm pushing myself so I could almost throw up, which can happen. I think especially when you're building muscle, they can happen even easier than you think. I have thrown up a lot in training. There. One of the reasons people throw up is because they're so untrained. They're circular-tory systems are underdeveloped. They're cardiovascular systems underdeveloped. That's definitely a reason people throw up. But if you get sufficiently big and strong, you can throw up just because your muscles produce so much waste product that your body's due to something needs to go and you start vomiting. That's at least why I tell myself I throw up after the gym. It's not because of my body image issues. I was supposed to promote the new G-field tub. Like I had sawson. I drink every day. That's the kind of organic influence or promotion we pay good money for a supplement company. Jesus Christ. 10% muscle increase of course. That's false. But you got to promote. You got to promote. It's not a pretty workout. It's just epic drink. Epic gamer drink. What? It's not a pretty workout. It's just an epic gamer drink. I'm confused as to what it does. Does it make you better at video games? If so, by what mechanism? Moving on to the next day number two. Two stay more Tuesday look bloody. Holy shit. Like day makes sense. And do squat. We maximize muscle growth by getting deep into a stretch position. So PDPI could go down double the distance and get way more gains. With my perfect form. Okay. I don't want to hear anyone complaining about my form. Like is this weird thing where while I'm doing it, I'm not that tired. But as soon as I stop, I'm just like, I need to sit down. Oh god. Uh. Lysel. What I always like to say is. You can work out your upper body, but you train your legs. It's a process for sure. No one likes like Dave. Hmm. Some of us masterkistic weirdos love like Dave. Matter of fact, I just did like Dave today. Loved every minute of. If you like like Dave, you're lying. Okay. Oh, I appreciate you. How dare you. White glove. Slap. Slap. Put white glove back on. Champagne glass. Sip. After that lift, I do the split squat thing. Lungess. That's it. Look, he turned into a man of at least half African descent. Outdoors in excellent work out a tire. Strange. Three sets of that. And then I do the calf raises where you go on your toes. Blabbling, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm pretty much done. You know, I don't, I'm not that, you know, legs. Yeah, sure. It's done. Yeah. If you're into just having like bro muscles, like a classic guy's physique. Legs are overrated. I'll be the first person to say that. I love having big legs, but it's definitely a thing in and of itself. It's a legs you do for the soul. I find myself to be with work at it. So easy to make excuses for yourself. Like, oh, I'm a bit tired today or on yesterday. I had blah blah blah or today was a long day or blah blah. One thing I had that really, really helps is my watch because I can time my sets. If you have the RPI Perch of the app, we'll make sure you're progressing on track, monitoring, and adjusting your workout at all times. So for all that work you're doing, you can be sure you're getting the best results. It tracks your weight and your reps and your sets and gives you low green check marks to press. And it says, finish workout. Congratulations. Would you like to see your next day? Oh, I love it so much. I even made it myself. I try to use my phone. I try using an app to time my red. I mean, you're rust is largely a waste of time. Scott, is there any way we can link that video? Yeah. Let's do it. Another thing I do is I drink pre-work out sometimes. I even drink G-fuel just because I know G-fuel is not a pre-work out. What the f*** is G-fuel? Here's why I know so far. It's not a pre-work out. It's a video gamer juice. I thought video gamers are powered exclusively by mountain dew and Doritos. Then on day four, I start off a little bit slower again, where I do pulls. And the great thing about the f*** was that picture. Animation budget is falling all the way through this video. I'm working out at home as I can be shirtless. Woo. That ass. Anyway, I assume there's an ass underneath those baggy pants. A man can dream. And it's not cringe. Oh, God, what is that? Yeah. That is a dumbbell bentro with one sixth of the range of motion. But you should be using. Folks at home. Hinge at your hips. Bend your knees a little bit to hinge even further, so that your ass goes too parallel with the ground as possible. While your lower back isn't rounded. So flatten out that back. Hinge at your hips and your knees just a little bit to get nice and deep. And you should feel tension in your hamstrings in the back of like that old time. Then when you're in that position, you stay there. Fixed. Do not move your legs and torso at all. Let your arms fully stretch you at the bottom. And then fully come up at the top to try to touch the dumbbells to just below your shoulders. And then all the way back down nice and slow. That is a dumbbell bentro that'll be really, really good and worthwhile. This, he's got to cause some back growth, but my god, that's a short range of motion. And a deeper stretch is king in the hypertrophy world. I start off with single arm rows. Then I do two arm rows. Then I do overhead extension. Back and try steps very well. And then I do two double arm rows, but reverse grip. Then I do biceps and then I do hamacurals. Hamacurals are a humongous waste of time for most people. They hit the muscles of the form and the upper arm that are hit by every other row that you could do pretty well. I might add. So having the palm face up and curling like that is probably 90% of the time going to be superior. It's kind of hard to finish up with bicep and hamacurals because you're kind of tired at that point. But I find to really elevate my work at is my Spotify playlist, or I listen to a bunch of like industrial techno or. In Sweden we only listen to the finest music. We don't listen to the look at this first song is called World Sponets by Mickey Istreffy. That the mean he's an order to person, Mick Gordon, which is probably not that good. This sounds like an Anglo person, not very hardcore. Like metal or metal. God, I could listen to that all day. Oh, that Nordic tongue. Hmm. Oh, that sounded weird. I'm sticking to it. I like it either way. That's another accidental thing I said that has two meanings. I do like it either way. It sounds so cringe, but what's your there? Doing those bicep curls and that hit war. Why does it sound cringe? Folks pause. The number one way to sound cringe is to accuse someone. Anyone in any circumstance of being cringe. Do you know what's embarrassing? Being f***ing embarrassed on your shit. I used to listen to like podcasts and maybe you to video sometimes. It's like whatever in the background. And I don't think that makes you as focused as when you if you put on music that you really like. It really motivates you and like I'm really happy that he draws the world. It's like that he drew us the world's worst chart to illustrate that. That being said, it good music is great. I personally don't listen to a lot of music under a most circumstances when I'm training because I'm already crazy. Ben, actually I do my pole exercises. They five. I like that pole exercises was a picture of him pushing. Hmm. I used to do leg on day five. I like leg just one leg. In Sweden, we don't have the plural. So it leg only leg. How many leg do you have? I just have leg. Folks, do you want me to play video games and commentate on it? Is that somewhere you'll find me useful? What's it called? Twitch? Should we do Twitch? Let us know in the comments below. Hold on, hold on. I'll give you a preview. Oh, see? I can twitch. It sounds so crazy. It's sometimes I do can though. But you have found to be a really fun kind of cardio to be honest. It kind of tires you out pretty well and it's fun to try out something different. This is like when you're 14 and you have a place or something, you do this and you're bedroom and your mom yells. Go to sleep at 10 o'clock. Before that, I used to do other stuff as well as jumping jumping. Where's the call jumping rope? How old are you? Plays video games, sword fighting, jump rope, trains with dumbbells at home. Scott, I was in the impression that there's a multi-millionaire ultra successful business person. I do a workout that says sort of a combination of the entire week except leg of course because leg is cringe. That whole several sentences hurt my soul. I will continue on for you the viewer. I do chest, I do shoulder, I do bicep, I do all the epic stuff. Epic dumbbell at home shoulder workout is epic. I thought Epic was when you like walked 100 miles through the cold and bare feet bleeding out of your f***ing souls to save the only one woman you've ever loved in destroy whole army. But apparently that ladder thing is a typical day in Sweden and you know, funny enough because we're actually epic people that are the descendant of Vikings. What we really think of as epic in the modern world is training the bicep and shoulder on the same strong day, they six. No substances, no steroids, steroids. Mother f***er, what do you mean no substances? What the f*** is in G fuel? We know it's not pre-workout. Must be steroids. Alright, that was cool. Truth be told with all total respect. I've never seen a video of PewDiePie before. I like to play the video games like Mario Brothers. Instead of watching other people play them, but I've heard he's cool and is my first exposure to him and he's not only handsome and has an amazing accent but it also seems just like a really decent reasonable person. And you know what, that's a 10 out of 10 in my book, for just winning it life. And PewDiePie, wherever you are, please continue to know that when the cold nor the twins blow on your face, that I was gonna say something about blowing on faces, but it wouldn't be nice. A warm wind blows through my heart for you. Namaste. And I'll catch you guys next time. Alright, if you liked that video, write over here, click on this one. The YouTube algorithm assures us you like it too. See you guys next time.