Vamptover Rose with 20-pound dumbbells by the side of your beach house in St. F*** Arts is not going to get you the mentality of a Navy seal and I know that sounds crazy. I'm Dr. Mike Isrottel, creator of the RP-Hyperchography app and professor of exercise and sports science at Lehman College and I want to take a look at Michael B. Jordan's workout plan that keeps him in OAS such a stunning shake. Michael B. Jordan, if you're watching this, two things. Hello and also... hello. Anyway, let's get to it. Same parts of course. I'm gonna use the most important thing. Do a little fasty cardio. Do a little workout. Fasty cardio is a fine way to do things. It's exactly as effective as fed-state cardio, so it's not magic. Just to call that out, but if fasty cardio is totally fine, so like being a fool with a full body workout and looking at the body, your core and low legs. Upper body, core and lower legs. The upper leg is entirely missing from this workout. I assume it's only to workout on calves and yeah, calves. Huh, alright. Especially with me all these injury over the years. This is an award with just like, really these keeps my joints. Being underwater does reduce the load on the joints almost 100%, which is cool. And if you are, if your knees hurt, ankles hurt, getting some swimming in is good, I will say one warning about swimming. If you're trying to use swimming for weight loss, don't. Because in swimming, we see something called the cold water effect whereby if you are merged in swimming in a pool, even if you're exercising, even if your heart rate is up, afterwards, only with swimming because of the cold water effect, you get way hungrier than normal. And then it's much harder to keep a low calorie diet to get yourself in safe shirt. I don't do some fat loss and weight loss. I probably would include better cardio than swimming, like anything else. But you look lean enough to me here. So lean enough for me to look at. I'll see myself out. Dom Bell Circuit, you already know this is going to be a terrible workout. I'll do 10 sets. So at 10, and work over there. So we're set as 10, second set as 9, 10, 9, 8, yeah. So that's a fine way to do things because your body accumulates fatigue and the training has to get easier. You're going to be strongest and most able to do higher reps when you're fresh and that will degrade. So it's great way to accommodate. And we'll say that the 10, 9, 8, 7, etc. etc. a linear scale doesn't accommodate how your body actually fatigues. Your body tends to fatigue a lot at first and then much less later. So with this kind of situation, you're going to have to really be easy on the first couple of sets, which is that idea because you're just pissing away energy while you're most fresh, should be going hard at first. So I prefer more of something like a 10, 8, 6, 5, 4, 4, 4 or something like that. But I'm just being a picky asshole. Oh wait, I'm a professor sports science. That's my job. Dom Bell Curls. I mean, that's just great for conditioning, you know, for explosion. Dom Bell Curls not good for conditioning or explosion. It is good for making your biceps bigger, which is arguably much more important than you want those two things. His technique is fine. He could have his elbows up a little in front of him a little forward or stretch them back even further. That's kind of this awkward double elbow bend. He's got going on. It's like he's faking the curl. I'm not saying he is just kind of looks clearly the way it's really light. That's good, I guess. You know, arms usually are one of the stronger parts of of your body. So the biceps are one of the weakest muscles in your body. They are not one of the strongest parts of your body. Almost every muscle is stronger than your biceps. If you can curl more than you can leg press or deadlift or pull up or roar or anything else, you have a problem. It's really easy for me to do though. He said it's easy for me to do the bicep curls because it's one of the strongest muscles of the body. Hey, I got a suggestion. And guys, this is all them good faith. It's all for fun. It's all comedy. Use more weight, more the f***er. Use the 20 saying the f***er is easier. I hear it. You know, doing overhead, dumbbell press and I'll show the press is our arm. So that's a push press because he's using leg drive. It's a cool movement. You know, you can do more reps and more load. It's not the best movement for muscle growth because you're using a lot of leg drive and stuff and that tends to fatigue you more. But for overall calorie burning and fitness, a fine choice. Men's health says, you know, warning, keep your abs tight. Don't arch your back. There's nothing wrong with arching your back on the shoulder press at all. Competitive lifters have done it for generations. And if you stay too upright, it actually makes it a much more awkward movement. So to the people at man's health, but don't actually lift weights. Thank you so much. I'm kidding. I've been working so much. So on his bent row technique, he's going up quickly, which is nice. But he's also going down quickly. If you want more muscle growth, you're going to go down more slowly in under control and really get a deep stretch at the bottom. That'll grow more muscle. It'll be more challenging for you, but you're working out to get a challenge because you want the best results. So don't rush. So the transform myself physically and mentally was was the goal, you know, a training with veterans from the army, from Navy SEALs. Folks, I'm going to say this a couple more times over the duration of this series. When you're training to play a Navy SEAL, you absolutely can transform yourself externally, physically, to look like a Navy SEAL. Not terribly difficult. Navy SEAL is just guys and pretty good shape externally. Your mentality will not approach that of a Navy SEAL. That is impossible to do for two reasons. One, most of us do not have the genetics to be mentally as hard as the Navy SEAL. I post almost none of us have that. And secondly, you have to do Navy SEAL training to get that shit. I'll see you at Buzzmell. Doing some literally bent over rows with 20 pound dumbbells by the side of your beach house and faint. It's not going to get you the mentality of a Navy SEAL. And I know that sounds crazy. Hollywood just act. Motherf***er. Act is pretend. It's got to be doing a little mini-circuit and a dumbbells. So far we've trained. Buy steps? To some extent, triceps? Front delts? Traps? And the back? No chest yet? No side delts? No abs? Don't sure those are coming. And no legs at all. We'll see what's happening next. Both land is definitely something that I really really enjoyed doing. It really allows me to let out a lot of aggression. It's really good to let out a lot of aggression. You know what I'm saying? When I'm vacationing in my private villa in St. Bart's, your boy's got that crazy aggression. You're like, I'm out in these streets. And by streets, I mean my own beach house and paradise. That being the case, the medicine ball slam is a very good tool for developing the athletic ability to contract your entire anterior chain. All the way from your arms down to your front of your calves. And especially with the hip flexors and the abs, the problem is it's a very bad way to grow your abs to make them all six packy and sexy because it skips the eccentric, the length and component, which almost every other ab exercise, the normal stuff like leg lifts and crunches and machine abs, that they do so well, this skips entirely. So medicine ball slam is for as much work as you're putting into it. Unless you're a specific kind of athlete and a specific power generating phase of their training is just not the best way to train for pretty much the only thing that Michael B. Jordan would want to train for, which is appearance. Valeroves, that aerobics is a lot of fun also because it is for a lot of robot. For the 500th time, battle ropes is one of the stupid exercises ever invented. It trains almost nothing. It trains the aerobic and possibly glycolidic ability to use your biceps triceps shoulders and back a little bit, not the real four-injure motion to grow minimal amount of muscle. Battle ropes makes you better at doing this. Which is actually not terrible, I'm not sure if you're training for something like boxing, not terrible, but again, Michael B. Jordan's not a real boxer either. I know, it's crazy. 40 seconds, that minute and a half that you're going all out, it really, you really feel that work. You can tell Michael B. Jordan has dick to say about any of that. He's like, yeah, 40 seconds, minute, shit. Valeroves, minute and a half. You'll watch this. You won't watch me work. minute 55 up in this. Oh, me like, no, no, shut up, ever lived. Two minutes, everyone, we're overshadowed. Are you serious, bro? That's how we roll. There's all the shit, apart streets. You know, just cooling down and resting your mind. I think it's extremely I love the eastern theme song they got planned in the background. It just, in case you were confused, is where meditation comes from. The east. Damn, look at that fly ass suit. Scott's video, you got to include this scene. Shit is on fire, bro. Why don't I dress like Michael B. Jordan? I will say he never actually did train his chest and he trained all of his muscles with a tiny amount of volume. So overall, if you do this workout, you're trying to look like Michael B. Jordan, you will be insanely disappointed. I have a better workout. Save up your money for a while. Why a while? Get you a plane ticket to St. Bart. That should just dope his hell. St. Bart, 9.5 out of 10. Might be Jordan's workout. Three out of 10. Do you guys next time?