Let's put one key, if, Bailey. These are good pushups. I think you can go a little lower. But you are... AHH! Hey! All right, he's pussy and egg whites. This is another gun! It is. Hey, folks. Dr. Mike here for the RP Strength channel. Uh, what else do I say? Four of us are of exercise and sports science. Competitive bodybuilder. Competitive. So not recently, but I'm getting the inch. Black belt Brazilian jujitsu, grappler, Kia, and also a person who in their spare time, among many, now few other things, watches other people play video games. My favorite channel to watch is the GLID channel, which is a bunch of former and or current various NATO countries and free world alliance, Marines and other military people who actually Scott know how to pupue in real life, playing advanced military and SWAT team Sims, the right way. Scott, does this put me in mega nerd status? That, okay, yes, that was true. But here's what I don't like about watching standard, regular, shoot them up video games, even ones with realistic damage and graphics and simulations and weapons. Is that mostly people that play them just run out into the open and start sniping people, which is exactly how you're gonna get yourself shot to death in a real combat engagement. And I absolutely adore when the shit is done properly by actual train professional Scott. These guys will stack up, they'll clear rooms, room by room, they'll communicate the entire time. That's how you really play video games, technically. And with zero fun, GLID is a sweet channel, check it out. But today, we are gonna be reviewing workouts, found in video games, which I know is absurd. That's why you tuned in on this fine Friday, or if you're watching this on another day, it's cool too. To see if we can't support science our way and to figuring out a video game designer's no workout things, or don't know workout things. Scott, let's roll the shit. GoodF. All right. Good afternoon. Let's work on firming up your thighs and back muscles. Uhhh. You guys, it's good stuff right away. Muscles are not something you make firmer. Turminus is a result of three things. How much muscle you have? You can grow muscle, or you can shrink muscle. Not much else. How much fat you have, which is not something you do with exercise, that's what you do with diet and total physical activity. So if you eat less than stay active, your fat stores reduce. All over your body, you can't spot reduced fat, you can't just reduce fat, your legs and arms if you want, unfortunately. And the last thing is skin quality. And that was mostly like skin care routine, leaking my bio for my skin care routine, which is the RPI-perrophy app. So yeah, firming up your muscles is not a thing. And why am I being a pedantic asshole about this? Because I hate to video game girls. No, that's not it. When you say things like firming up the muscles or toning the muscles, it's cool on vibes because it does communicate something, like communicates again and result you want. But the problem is that it misleads people on how an anatomy and physiology actually work. And so you have generations, and I do mean generations of people that resist conventional resistance training, lifting heavy barbells, dumbbells and machines to build their muscles, they resist conventional dietary approaches of reducing calories for several months and seeing the fat stores drip off. And then they're actually resisting the best kinds of results that get them the firmer look that they want. Because they're under the solution that you don't just grow a muscle and burn fat, kind of pretty much that's it on top of skin quality, they think there's some kind of different way of training that firms up their muscles, but doesn't make them bulky. Scott, how many times have you heard that in a fitness industry firm and tone without the bulk? Yeah, that's really interesting. It doesn't mean anything. And it can be literally means nothing. If you really lens into it, it just completely disappears, thin air. So I don't like this nomenclature firming and toning, this is stupid, but the Wii is cool. And Yo Scott, oh girl, I got some titties, you feel me? Yeah, she's got a body. Her, her like, um, f***. Try to keep your center of balance within the blue area. Ah, good stuff. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, God, Scott, this is the worst. The rowing squat, some problems. This is what I would probably call a quarter squat or an eighth squat. So the depth isn't remotely challenging to any human that's going to be able to plug in a Wii. Um, you have to do a deeper squat to get to plug it in the machine then actually do an lift. So that sucks. She's also pushing her knees forward over her toes as she's squatting down, which is actually very awesome and healthy for your knees if you do a foreangel motion. But at least temporarily, if you do very, very, very, very partial lifts, it can irritate your knees a little bit, especially if you're not used to it. Sitting back and down at the same time, instead of just sitting forward is probably best. And when you're doing the rowing motion, you have to remember two things. One, gravity doesn't point horizontally since completely unresistored row. So you're moving your arms just for vibes and for no other functional purpose. Scott, you have something missing even if we misunderstood gravity. What is it that there's no weight in her hands? This is exactly what I would call saccharine exercise. It looks like exercise to the untrained eye, but it actually does nothing at all. The last time we saw some, could we like this, was our Kim Kardashian video from back in the day. Right? Like, yeah. Yeah. And so there's a thing here where someone inevitably is going to say in the comments because they didn't make it this far, and they're going to comment and say, hey, Dr. Mike, you're on steroids in an idiot juice head, and you think everyone needs to be eating barbells or whatever. And the owner understand that exercises are welcoming and down for everyone, and should be graded appropriately, and then beginner should start with this, and if it just gets them going, then it's good enough. And I 100% hear you, and I actually used to teach multiple courses and exercise in behavior, so believe it or not, I do know exactly what you're saying, but you're saying it wrong. And here's why. Getting people into some shit means really good things. But if you get them into the shit wrong, in a way that doesn't work, you're risking them burning out and realizing they're not getting results. And then in their head, they label exercises a thing that doesn't work for them. What you want to do is 100% welcome everyone at every level of ability. But you should also make it challenging and fundamentally theoretically effective, not moving into planes of motion, which don't even have forces with weights that you're also not caring. So get old girl, some dumbbells, have abandoned over and do some rows, even if they're 20, half pink, pink dumbbells, everyone starts somewhere. And have her squat down at least half way, at least into a chair, because here's the thing. You put a chair in your eethat bitch, you get it squat down to the chair and come back up. It's great exercise, and if you can't squat up and down out of a chair, you need to be working with a rehabilitative professional. If you're doing this from a video game by yourself, ostensibly you can get scottes, and it's okay to assume that people of play video games like the Wii, which are mobile, and have a VR headset can get into an out of a chair. I think so. Right? And so if you can get into an out of a chair, you're already getting a better workout than this bitch is doing whatever the fat was. No disrespect, I love her little Bob haircut, it looks nice. Try counting out loud. One, two, three. Four, four, four, four, four. It's got why am I obsessed with digital, accidentally, stuttering noises? Autism. Yes, that's his and again. This exercise is popular because it helps tone your upper arms. Make sure to keep your elbows steady. That's it. Feel your triceps getting tone. I like when they tell you what you're supposed to be feeling like you feel like you're working out. You're like, oh, I guess I am. Work it out, it's easy. I love it. Three months later, I don't have any results. Keep your back straight to reduce stress on your lower back. A scot, are they talking about leaning back too much or something like that? We're doing like a continental clean. Max, the editor boy, can you please get a video here sample of Zadronus, Zaviscus doing like a metal block press or an Axle clean and press. Some share where he bends his back. Folks, bending your back when you're standing up, cannot hurt you if there's no weight in your hands. And if it can, you're made of glass and you don't need to be playing a video game for exercise, you need to seek professional help immediately. You can keep your back however you want. And if you have to bend back to your triceps going again, you are so weak that we're talking about clinical grade application here. This whole lake, there's always some shit where people want to pepper in some cues that totally distract you or nothing to do with it. I hate this stuff. Scott, here's another one. Keep your core tight. What the fuck does that mean? Why? What's going to happen to my core if I lift nothing over my head? Cuppotter here. Scott, did you think this was going to be the video that brought us back to the old days of screaming at the screen? I did it. But I love them here for it. This is terrible. Great. Keep it up. I love the total. Scott, this is this face says it all right here. Can we put this on the screen? This is amazing. This is exactly the NPC face. I was going to say, when she was like, keep it up. It's like someone's motivating you in the Wii, but like they just have zero even like digital emotion programmed in. You're doing great. I don't care if you live or die. You're like, oh, wow. It's very motivating. And yeah, once these things these video game exercise people are powered by modern AI, it'll be way better. But honestly, getting a human personal trainer that like disrespects you with their eyes, that's the best way to motivate yourself. Let's work on toning those apps. Scott, if they're standing up for this, I'm going to walk off the set. Extend your legs back. You guys, we have another video you might want to see about probably right here somewhere on the screen. It's going to appear. It's about exercises that do hardly dick and people do them all the time. Rank one is the plank. The plank is stupid. The plank is symmetrically contracts your abs, which is probably the least muscle growth promoting style of contraction, and the one that transfers to activities of daily living in general mobility, also the least. You want to do dynamic ab work. You want an ab wheel and do some rollouts. You want to do some crunches and some sit ups. You want to use an ab machine. This is almost always a gigantic waste of time. As a worse thing they've done here because believe it or not, they've done worse things so far in this video. But yeah, this kind of sucks. Also, if your abs light up red and the yellow and orange when you're training them, you need to go see a doctor. But for real, the way you get abs that you want is mostly through taking three month period, using the RP diet coach app and dieting down about 12 to 15 pounds. Your abs are going to be way more clear. Your waist is going to shrink because the number one thing keeping you for having abs is that thick layer of fat over them. You reduce that. Everyone's got abs. Literally everyone has abs beneath their fat. You just got to burn the fat off. You can do these exercises in a waste of time or you can not do them. And you see the RP diet coach app shameless plug either way. One of those will get your results. The other one will get you to have what now appears to be gray hair from this angle, Scott. And she's kind of got an older on us. Good job. You really pushed yourself. Keep it up. Keep training a little every day to improve even more. That's just wholesome advice. A little bit every day is nice. Every day is kind of like, I don't love that. It's nice. I think people who try to train every day and up skipping a day and then they get a little depressed that they're like lost their streak or whatever. And then they sometimes just burn out. So think a better suggestion is to keep training every day or every few days. And if you fall off the wagon, just come on back. And you'll be good to go. So I love the encouragement. I mean, if you were to train like this every day, you just get really disappointed after a few weeks. But that is what it is. Nice. Come on. Nice. That's a great. Alright. That's a great. Alright. Well, hey, and I've never heard that in my life. That's for God damn sure. Mostly they say, oh, what do they say? Um, that's it. Gross. Gross. Gross. Why are you in my bedroom? I have a taser. I've heard that one a lot. Um, Scott, a common one I've heard is that if you're interested in training as hard as possible, but you want your grip not to be a limiting factor, you can try versegrips. They're an amazing grip product that take a grip out of the equation, allow you to train your delts and your hamstrings and your back musculature to its limit to get amazing gains. And there's a link in the description for a code where you can save some money on versegrips. That was a weird one. Strange girl somewhere in Ohio. Um, she told me all that. And then later we made sweet love. And we used versegrips and our love making. And I don't like to talk about this too much, but the versegrips make an excellent SNM tool. Think about it. It's grippy. What up, Romeo? This is the other gun. Dude. Okay, so first of all, he's got a gun. Oh, this is like the green gang, huh? Like they got to wear their street colors everywhere. And then also their, that guy in the left Scott is not actually grabbing the bar. Yeah, he's grabbing. He must have versegrips real tight in there because with versegrips, he actually don't even have to grab the bar and they still work. Um, damn. Oh, and a mad smoke. I love it. The technique for pull-ups is very good. The animation. Very early 90s. Or sorry, very early early 2000s. Early 90s, this would be revolutionary. I love that he's working out and is like, in his essay homey shit at the top button shit. It was crack and boom. Dude, kicks up. Rock a core. What have you say, bitch? I love how he talks to random people and even to no one. He just likes as random shit. Those dips are terrible, by the way. I mean, there's this a graphics problem. Thought she was my homey CJ. What up? That's damn me. They're really good technique. He's getting his legs up. He's control the eccentric CJ nose, man. Whoa. So this is actually really tough to pull off in real life because typically you're just going to have your feet come up. But if this was somewhere where he had his feet kind of under some kind of implement, this is actually really really good set up technique, full range of motion, control and everything. This is awesome. All right, CJ. Hey, homemade. I love the homey in the background, like sort of motivating. Maybe, but he has a gun, open carry and public, whatever. Hey, man, can you stop swinging that thing around? I'm doing crunches. Yeah, man. I mean, you're CJ listening to me. These are good pushups. I think he couldn't go a little lower, but he's getting nice full lockouts and everything. Dude, this is some of the best video game lifting we've had in a while. Yo, give me some love. I'm worked. You ever done pushups on the peripheral with the arm? Yes, but only a late 80s beater. This is so LA 92 vibes. It's unbelievable. Well, does he keep the white the same on the bar? I can't believe that Olympic weightlifting was made into a video game. Is there any more boring of a video game to make? Here's who's going to agree with me, weightlifters. The first attempt was on successful. It's an interesting point in strategy this. Oh, oh. Huh. Is he strong enough? Oh, right now his arms have broken from lockout. And so the lift is automatically disqualified because even if he presses out after this, it's called a press out and that is instant disqualification. So you actually can't keep going. Let's see what the video game thinks about. Let me say it now. Second place. There he go. Well, this is a healthy amount. They did do the walk up pretty well. Didn't they sky him? He's like getting his groove going. Oh, chalk. Then you know this is going to be too fast. So you're not actually building power in this part of the lift in real life. You're just kind of trying to get the vibe right. Weightlifting is so explosive that you're building power as you move. So you get into position, take a big breath of air in and then start easing the bar and off the ground. And as soon as it starts easing, you start getting really explosive pulling as fast as you can. Getting your hips under the bar. And then dropping under it. Yeah. It's wrong. Techniques good. It does very well here. This is already disqualified instantly. Holy shit, really. A lot of weightlifting. If every weight class absolutely can do flips because they're athletic freaks, that would have been a totally disqualified lift. Although we've got the German flag, the UK flag and the Russian flag back there's caught isn't that nice? Yeah, it's nice. And of course this guy is from Romania and his name is Nikolai Kordesha, which is of course a very Romanian. I love the background conversation. Yo, this is pretty good technique. Chin way over the bar. Yeah, okay. He could be going lower. He could stretch out lower. And he could hang at the bottom for a second, but this isn't bad. All right. Let's see what else is going on. Oh, dude. Literally. I was going to say the same thing. I was like, damn. There's a bitch with titties. He can't resist my man. Hey. I was so with you. Hey, sweetie. Folks really quick. Grab your controller. Look at pixels and other video game stuff. And give a thought to our members area. There's going to be extended cut of this video. Every other exercise scientist protects video. We're done tons of community content. And both myself and Jared Father, I feel they be be be be be be be be I FB be pro training our balls off. Give that a look. Just a little bit of money. Got a ton of great value. All right. Back into cyberspace. I'll kick your cool. What are you? What are you all right? Cheat. Oh, shit. Yo, most workouts aren't this bad. Scott, who are these guys? Are they a little rival gang or something like that? Yeah. Yeah. Damn. This is tough. You can't even get a workout on these streets, man. Hey. I like the idea that you can have like a 10 weapon load out. But still be mobile and look like you have no weapons. Scott, isn't the one thing missing from combat like an extra dimensional treasure case of weapon. You can have a lot of stuff. Just to go pop that out of nowhere. Right. And then you can have like 100 rounds of ammo for everything. And you're like, you weigh 700 pounds. You're not going anywhere. So you went to gym. Hey. If you can run it full speed with 295 pounds in one arm, I believe that you can also miraculous the carriers 700 pound load out in an extra dimension. Holy fuck. You're a bitch. You're a bitch. What's cracking home. Did he just say he owed bitch? I love it. The upright road technique is sweet, man. Oh, you probably shouldn't turn your head a lot when you're lifting that kind of gets funky. But he's definitely upright wrong with elbow sky high. This is respect. I let you be the judge. I've said it right now, man. Next level shit. All like these days he's pussy and egg whites. Very good diet. The egg whites get you the protein that you need. The pussy gets you the vibes that you need. You will absolutely eventually die of not having enough essential fats in your diet and most vitamins and minerals. But that aside, my man's well on his way. And Scott, he's looking to shreddy Kruger. Damn. Oh. All right. Let's critique this. That whole wrist thing he's got going on. Highly unrealistic. You're going to feel a little weird if you jut them out like that. You can totally cock your wrists back, but back not forward like he's doing. He's not locking out, which is okay. He's getting pretty close to his chest, which is cool. But the one thing he's doing in this can sort of inform you that this video game designers don't have an accurate world model in the physics sim is that he is benching in a completely straight line. And there's a natural arc to how you bench. When you bench you're going to touch lower and you're going to come up towards your face. You bench in a straight line without an archer attraction. You're just going to dump the bar onto your stomach. And that'll be light out. The other thing is Scott, I'm not sure if I'm going crazy, but isn't floating over the bench. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you're right. He's not on the bench at all. Oh. Wow. That sure complicates things. Big on small balls on a right bro. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Huge faux pas. Oh, shit. This is what it looks like Scott. Well, you're like a planet fitness and it's Tuesday at 7pm. And there's 900 people in the gym. Why not a percent? It's fist fighting. Folks. That was really fun. I mean, look, GTA training's pretty good. That Wii game is like some of the worst shit I've ever seen. And the GTA training obviously, no one thinks it's real training. No one's actually trying to get jacked. Unfortunately, the Wii training that we saw is like, gives you the illusion that you're doing a workout when you're actually not. And if we're trying to get people into fitness, we should try to get everyone from this. It's good that we're being open and inclusive and permissive with how difficult the bar of entry is. But it should still be difficult. It should be challenging. Purpose of working out almost definitely is challenge. So I give the Wii workouts a, Jesus, one out of 10 or two out of 10. GTA and all that other stuff gets a 7 out of 10, good attempt. And in general, video games are dope, but get you a nice workout in. Get your swollen on. Come home, have a nice meal. Then get to gaming. Keep the two separate. You're probably best off for now. Dr. Mike, and I'll see you guys next time. Woo! That was fun. I feel digitized. I need to be a gamer. Anyway, here's another video that might also be fun. See you next time.