This is fake. This is real? Scott this picture. This is filtered to show. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for the RP Strength channel as always. I am a former, super, heavyweight, professor of exercise and sports science. A current holder of a belt that's a little bit darker than brown in Brazilian jujitsu. Yes, yes, it's a black belt. Yes, what could I? That is real jujitsu. Scott, what else is cool about me that I can brag to people? Yeah, balding for your old man with no hope. Let's, oh fucking. Okay. Wait. Yep. That'll get back to you. Okay, back to you. Yes, thank you, Scott. The video guy. Scott, the video guy actually has a lot in common with a person that we are doing a video about today. He has a full head of hair and he is generally very attractive. And women actually speak to him without people paying them off the forehand. All things that are true for Mr. Scott, the video guy and a Mr. David Lade, who exactly to his last name, must be getting laid a lot because he's got like 80 abs and 50 cheekbones and all the good stuff that we want to learn about. So let's dig in to one of the OG YouTube fitness influencers who are around and what maybe is a fan of his, see men is that too soon to say in the episode 321 men. Scott, there is a teenager half naked with his broccoli hair. And weird TikTok team music is playing. I'm 40 years old, Scott. Explain to me why this is here. Yes, I can actually explain that max the other, which shows this footage and that's the true. Max the editor boy and to talk later, the presence of an adult. Oh, Scott, this is weird. He's really young. What are we doing? So this is David Lade in his teen years. You know, I got to say objectively, just like a skinny kid with a bit of muscle, a objectively reference to being a teenager, really impressive. And this is kind of one of these things that if you look like this as a teenager, the probability that you're going to get pretty damn jacked when you get older older is really high. It's not 100%. So maybe look like this one of the teenagers and this don't look a whole lot better after. But now this is one hell of a good start. And so I actually attribute this mostly to David Lade's incredible work ethic and dedication, but some large fraction to the fact that he as far as I can understand from researching on the internet and boy if I research David Lade a lot. Matter of fact, if the FBI ever busted me and opened up my computer files, they would find zero of anything suspect, except for Scott thousands of pictures of David Lade. What if I say David Lade is a belief of Estonian descent? And generally, so we need everyone's kind of mixed together a little bit. So some kind of USSR Eastern European, which means like, and you kind of cheating bro. Like, you know, his grandma probably squatted 400 kilos just like recreationally. I don't know what squat is, but I know it's easy for me, huh? Oh, Scott, can I do Russian girl impression for the rest of this David Lade video? Yeah, God. God. This is fake. This is real? Scott this picture. This is filtered to shit. Or he has feces smudged all over his neck and upper pecks. Oh, that's kind of hot. Scott, you don't have enough pictures of you with that facial expression. Or another. But Max. The editor boy, if you can throw up Jared Feather, IFBB Pro's equivalent of this, there are levels to this sir. So Jared does the duck face and has even more of a ridiculous shoulder to waste ratio, but David Lade, this is a really good look. Notice, notice, notice, notice. You can tell he's just got an excellent physique, right? Why? We can break this down. If he had smaller traps, would it be okay? Probably, his traps are cool, but like, that's not doing a lot of work in this physique. Pecks. Pecks look great. If they were much bigger, be a different look. Maybe not a better look, but they look awesome. Shoulders. You guys shoulders are doing the heavy lifting here. Not literally sounds because shoulders are not that strong. In the figure of sense of like, man, they really build that silhouette, that X frame. If he had even bigger shoulders, it would look even more absurd. And his arms are clearly jacked, and that's clearly helping his appearance. And super importantly, lean and small midsection. Small wastes are the number one component of aesthetics, which means that if you're carrying a considerable amount of extra fat on your waist, getting leaner is definitely an experiment you can play around with to see how it affects your aesthetics. Usually, it's going to be a good time. Small wastes, big shoulders, big arms. You're halfway there. You're way more than halfway there. That should be a huge focus of every program to try to be aesthetic. What? Okay, real talk. So it's got told me a little bit about this video before we started watching it. And he was a gag. He like, deadlift 675. And I'm like, hey, David Lane was like one of these gym shark influencer kids. He wasn't actually strong, just looked really cool. Boy was I wrong. 675, you guys, it's no joke. That's a serious, serious deadlift. Let's appraise as technique and see if we can take anything away from him to make ourselves feel better. Running gun set up is really intense. You guys see how we just basically grabbed the bar and started going shortly thereafter? He must have really strong forearms and really long fingers. And he must like just be ultra confident in his grip because like if I had to get into that kind of weight, I got a cinch myself in for like 15 seconds and get the bar kind of underneath my calisess and stuff. So I had a really good perch. But man, you got to be really, really, really strong. You just run and gun 675. That's ultra ultra impressive. If your forearms are ever limiting you and you want to lift big weights outside of competition and prepare the rest of your body for big weights in competition, but in early off season with high repetitions, you're just going to have to deal with the fact that your forearms are going to be a limiting factor and you won't be able to get a strong as you could. No, no, Scott, I said that wrong. You have the ultimate secret killer weapon in your gym back. And you didn't even know about it. Go ahead, pimple, wait, open up that gym back. What's that fresh package in there? Oh, is that a Versa grip you found? Oh, shit, big homie. Wait a minute, is it safe to open the package? Scott, a Versa grip safe to put on your hand? Barely. Riding the pitch. The very edge of safety. Why? Let me tell you a fun story. People consider, I'm from the Soviet Union and so is David Late. And during especially the 1970s, the Soviet Union and the United States were both at their relative to each other kind of peak economic power and spending the most on their militaries. And it got kind of wacky because, you know, arms races get really insane. The incentives are kind of crazy. We got to keep up with the Joneses. We can't let America punk us out and vice versa. And the Soviet Union is not known for its reservations about doing unethical things. And so they got into some kind of wacky research. They would test nuclear weapons and violate the Test Band Treaty and test them close to population centers. And who's just tough to say. They tested a lot of nukes in the Siberian forests where lots of bears used to live. The scientists would come in and they would do the research. They would do the testing. And it turns out that a lot of the bears just, they were just gone. I mean, you know, 18,000 degrees Kelvin you're done. But on the periphery of the nuclear testing, you had bears with weird mutations. You know, five paws instead of four. It should like that. Weird brain thing. Super smart bear that also happened. That's actually my dad. Scott, a few of the bears they noticed were able to scale trees even faster than the normal bears. How? Their paws were made of an as yet unknown material from genetic modification via nuclear testing. That material is what is now used on the Versa grip. You guys, the Soviets researched this and they were like, we can't put this into production. I mean, communism means hell for all people, but even we have our limits. Let the Americans take it. They'll use it. They'll make it into a strap kind of thing. They'll be able to lift more. It'll make them happier. And happy America not paying attention to world geopolitic. Then Russia's Thrike. Yes. Yes, Valery. Let's talk. And they started getting drunk. And so Americans got it. We made Versa grips and the communism shot itself in the 1989 and 91 came along. Now we out here, baby, we got Versa grips. Boy, is that a stupidly long-adry to know where Scott did we hit a PR on a relevancy? So, hell yeah. Anyway, Versa grips are dope. There's a link you should buy them. Let's get back to getting laid. Today, actually, talking one, three, right? Pretty much like a little bathroom to fill with one, three, dime, then it's on caffeine because. Yo, one, three, dime, math, maybe. That's the stuff that was kind of just like pretty much math. Scott, that's not legal anymore, isn't? I'm pretty sure no. You would have some, if it was one. My back's been insanely, yes, they're actually getting two PRs. I'll show you guys later. Now, once the 4505 squad, and once the 375, then. 455 squad for a lengthy gentleman is quite good. He went very deep, very much powerlifting depth. Excellent technique, very good setup. And Scott, the most important part here is the orange and blue combo just carries weight. Yeah, it's fine. It's Jim's line. It looks like he's in the air traffic control wing of an air-caf carrier operations crew. But boy, you know, I'd suck him up into my engines anytime. And actually, hit the bench after my squad. So, I'm moving today because I'm taking pretty work out. I'm going to have a lot more energy beforehand. Oh, touch and go, 375. That's really good. Scott, do we know what he weighs roughly? Like 200 pounds? There's some shit. He's 6 to, I suppose. He weighed just over 200 pounds when he achieved the 390 bench press. Wow, very good. That's a very, very good. And, you know, he's got really long arms. And so, it's really impressive that he can bench that much. He also, you can tell from this situation. I mean, with a pause, it's going to be a different story. So, but touching goes a cool training technique. You'll notice his technique is very good. His feet, his hips and his knees are spread out really far. His feet are anchored deeply into the ground. He has his butt down on the bench. But his back is arched to give him a very strong, very safe, optimal pushing position. His shoulders are way back. He's stuck at shoulder blades, way back behind himself. That raises the chest. And it shortens the distance to the after move. It also puts you in a power position. It's also probably safer for your shoulder joints. And his bar track is good. He's got a totally full lock out. This is a really, really good bench technique. Obviously, if he was going to do it in competition, it'd have to take a pause at the bottom. We'd have to pull probably anywhere between 20 and 50 pounds off the bar for that. This is still an unbelievable bench. His squat and bench and deadlift numbers are way higher than any of the shit I've ever done. And I'm a midget, Hobbit Manlut short, balding, pathetic looking guy. It's like, what is it that he's a David Lade's better at everything than me? Fucking Estonians. Okay, 390 Scott, what are we rating the swag here? It's good. I love that the wears the B&E and all seasons all times. Yeah, I don't understand that. I tried to do that in college once for fashion. And I was like, my head is hot. This is dumb. Then again, my head is like, really big. It gets really hot. Also, I had headlice. What I'm kidding. Scott, are you kidding? Never can't tell. Awesome. So like, a for gym lifts, this is great. It's a big bounce, which is totally fine. I would say this. This lift, I'm taking nothing away from him. If you want to lift like this and use David Lade's like, I don't know, 9.75 out of 10 bench technique. I mean, this is just damn near flawless technique. I'll say this like for safety and to be able to tell people what you actually bench and have power lifters not squint at you when they hear you do it because they know that you did it on video and it was a bounce press, which they don't respect ever. Unless you're doing like 600 and then dope respect, but might as well pause the shit. That's the thing. If you're going all the way through the shit, it was totally cool to just do the bounce press. But pausing will be like, man, you really did your best. And you have a way to measure up against true competitive bench press. With a total pause, I think David Lade is probably good for like 350 to 370 somewhere, which is. Pause to bench for 200 pound person in incredible feet. And if you don't think that's incredible, you either really strong or delusional from consuming too much social media content of only the strongest people about time. Remember, Scott, I think the average like male. TikTok, YouTube, watcher, and fitness, thinks Larry wheels is like pretty strong. Yeah. But it's like, no, Larry is like one of the greatest of all time. And anything above a 300 pound bench is a objectively really, really, really awesome. So this is dope. All these recent bench bars that I could recently have literally all been done on a text level bar, right? First of all, just want to say that. It doesn't count. No better, you know, probably the Federation allows you to use a text level bar for bench. Scott, this is dope. He's cutting himself zero slack. He just said, like, don't count. But also the mouse doesn't count. But yeah, no, it's going to be really easy to bounce and get that rebound if you time it right, especially if you train with it. A bar that flexes a lot. If you bounce it properly, it actually launches itself right off your chest. And then the first two inches are easy. Ah, eh. Um, and then it really is a big advantage because the first two inches are typically the hardest. Eh, eh, two inches, the hardest, you're welcome. The text level bar is longer and it also flexes. So the moment of bouncing up your chest or you any type of aggressive touch and go. Scott, was what we did last weekend and filmed for our other website. Technically aggressive touch and go. Very aggressive. Oh my god. Hey, um, you don't like getting any feelings about that, did you? No. I mean, either. Good. And all, at all, not at all. No, bro. No. Shhh. I don't want to get one of the bars bottom of the chest. It's literally going to flex and bend like a rainbow. That was a wholesome analogy of all the things rainbow. That's it's interesting. And then all the way up as you're pressing, it's going to straighten out and as it's straight Touch and go. Rainbow's straightening out. Scott, it sounds like that one camp, our parents sent us to. And we were friends with kids that prayed the gay away camp. They told us to think of women when we fap it. This prayed the gay away camp, of course. And so it was kind of invasive like psychologically. They would ask you like, hey, you're fap it last night. You're like, yes, and I go, what did you think about it? I was like, oh, yeah, easy. Women, they're like, oh, tell us about it. They're like, okay, like five, three. The waist from some very thighs kind of kind of fit kind of not, you know, little buzz cut haircut, little daddy's little rebel. Tidys and shit. She walks into this bar, right? Oh, yeah, she's got like high heels on. Yeah, and I'm just fucking wagging it. And then the bar is just all. Shirtless mustache, fire fighter muscular guys. She kind of fades into the background. They're just making love to each other. Scott, there's oil. And it's just just the bar like the bartender's just spring, soda and beer like everywhere everyone's just dancing. Just imagine like a hundred guys to the beat all up and down. They're groping each other like that scene from the matrix. And that's when I'm not. And the camp counselors are like, okay, is Rito. I 401's your seven and room for improvement. Mike, you did great. I love the early part, the later part needs work. And I'm like, oh, not bad. Walked out. That was gay camp. Yeah, but did the opposite, didn't it? I worked for me. Does anyone believe that it worked for me? Folks, if you're having trouble getting laid, you might want to consider joining our member section where you can watch an extended version of this very video with lots more racy jokes and stuff we can't post on public YouTube. And you get a ton of high quality, deep, nerd, informational videos about how to get jacked and about how to change your damn life so you can finally get sex with people who like to have sex with you back. All right, back to the video. When it comes to natural programming, a lot of people tend to have an misconception that somehow strengthen high pressure between your mutually exclusive and reality. They compliment each other perfectly. Natural programming is almost the same as drug programming. There are very few differences. Really with drugs, you just have to be more careful about lifting too heavy because your tendons will snap because your muscles are too strong for your tendons and many cases. Otherwise, it's mostly just adjusting volume and your genetics and training experience have a much more to do with how much volume you can tolerate than your drug use. And so, natural programming really is just programming. And if you make a special case for natural versus enhanced, there's a teeny case to make their bridge mostly the same. As far as strength and hypertrophy has the same overlap for drug programming as a natural programming, which is to say a lot. If you train generally for strength and hypertrophy, lots of sets of three to ten repetitions, you're going to get tons of strength and tons of size. If you want optimal attempt at results from either strength or hypertrophy, you have to understand that the training conditions for them are quite different. Scott, how many strength versus size training videos have we made at least two big ones, right? Can we link a few of them? I'm here. Give that a click. Look through those videos because there are differences that if you really really give a shit about being your strongest, you're going to want to train specifically for strength. If you really care about hypertrophy and you're strength is cool, but you really want to get jack because Stacy doesn't care much you've been, but she loves your deltane. Stacy is going to really help you out if you just do hypertrophy specific training. So give that a look. If you are good with yoloing both of them and getting amazing results at both, you are one harpsing and get them, but even then, several month phases of hypertrophy specific training stacked with several month phases of strength specific training are the best way to go about that. Can you train them both in the same workout on the same week? Yes. Will you get amazing results? Yes. Will they be your best results? No, not quite. So remember that our differences between them that are notable and being maddie doesn't somehow unify these differences. That's total BS. DEP is pretty much what allows me to retain as much of my strength as I possibly can when I'm getting lower and body fat when it becomes the most difficult to maintain your strength because I'm on a regular basis. Just handling at least 85% of my max and my CNS is always on point. Scott, do you remember people who say, on point a lot? Yeah. See, that's the song point, bro. As I'm point on sleeve. So the core concept in daily undulating periodization is basically having a completely different stimulus every time you go to the gym. So do you be daily undulating periodization? Daily obviously mean that it happens on a day-to-day basis instead of weekly and monthly. Undulating meaning basically changing. That's the just of it and pureedization, which is your systemic programming, right? Yeah. So this is me on my sports science high horse. Daily undulating periodization was named wrong from the get-go. It is a form of programming. It's not technically a form of periodization. Daily undulating periodization is something that exercise science researchers in the United States had to have a name for and research journals because they weren't using technical sports science, terminology and a technical terminology would be like in-traum-microcycal volume intensity variations, which is like a very heavy term to lift. And it does explain what's going on well, but it's a little bit confusing. So DUP kind of went to the forefront. DUP is cool because variation is dope because doing the same thing all the time kind of sucks. And it works pretty well, but a more focused approach is almost always going to be better in the long term. So every program should be using a form of daily undulating periodization quote unquote, which is to say you shouldn't be doing the same exercises through the whole week. In most cases, you shouldn't be doing exactly the same rep and set ranges for every single day that you do. But you guys know that's just an extension of the variation principle and you probably already know that. So DUP is kind of like a mid-20 teens sort of vibe that has thankfully faded and just use enough variation to still get yourself some different looks through various ways. So you don't get super stale, but also constrain your variation so that you're still training for one thing that you need. So if you're training for hypertrophy, doing sets of five to ten, certain parts of the week, doing sets of ten to twenty, a certain other parts of the week, and doing sets of even 20 to 30, a certain other parts of the week, even on the same week or the same month, even in the same year is really awesome. It's a really good idea, but notice every single one of those is in the hypertrophy rep range five to 30. If you're daily undulating periodization gets too wacky and the variation gets really high in lowers the specificity, you actually reduce the training effect that you want, which is to be jacked because this is all about being jacked, right? So if you have one day of the week, which is sets of 10 to 20, go to hypertrophy range, another day of the week, which is sets of one to three for strength. And another day of the week, which is sets of one to three for power with a lighter weight, then oh, you're training generally and it's working pretty well on a great way to manage fatigue. It is not going to optimize your hypertrophy results because the volumes are too low and the weights are too high in the stimulus is too erratic. Alright guys, that was fun. Learned a lot, hopefully this was a bit more insightful than our typical dick jokes, banana that we do on this channel. David Leade is an OG man, and you guys should check him out. I'm pretty sure he's still very popular and very handsome and very stonium. All good things. David Leade gets a YouTube early influencer days team body out of 10 squats at rating these little ones. And yeah, if I ever see David Leade in real life, I will cover and avoid eye contact because he's an adult height and I'm still a child vertically measured. I've been Dr. Mike and I'll see you guys next time. Woo! That was fun! If you want more fun, you can just kind of do whatever. But if you want to stay on YouTube, maybe this video right here will be continuing your joyous time. Hey, see you next time.