And while you're doing this exercise, you want to make sure that the body doesn't sway back and forth. You want to make sure you keep your core engaged. Somebody says, keep your core engaged one more f***ing time. You're going to be honest, man. I didn't want this to sound mean. But the guy just has no f***ing what's going on. Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike Gözertell, creator of the RP-High-Protrophy app, and a professor of exercise and sport science, leaning college in the Bronx and New York City, of a PhD in sport physiology, which is exactly the science of taking great athletes and making them the best that they can be. So Mr. Tom Brady, you're going to be looking at your weight training today and finding out how sciencey it really is. Roll camera. Am I watching training footage? Or a commercial for a pickup truck via the music? The world will never know. Same demographic really. The Chevy Tundra. It gets what you need done. Yes, I know it's Toyota. Oh. Tom and I have actually been training together for the past 15 years. So the work that we're going to do today is based on Tom's in-season workout just to kind of keep up with his foundation on the program. I don't know how much of that makes any sense. He said it's doing his in-season program to keep up with his sort of foundations. Okay, I don't know what is this off-season or in-season though. So those would make a whole lot more sense. Let's find out. Things that we've done in the off-season to make sure we can maintain them during the course of the season. So we're going to run through nine exercises. Say they're going to cover the full body. I exercise this full body. Interesting. Of course, it's forever warm-up coming up here we go. Any bad sign? Any bad sign? How long this warm-up will be? Half a third. A fifth. If you're really daring and bold. So before each of our exercises, what we typically do with Tom. That's not Tom. That's Christian Bouché. We will just do an active warm-up. It'll just be a quick little banded run. Just so we can stimulate the nervous system. Yes. That's what banded runs do. They stimulate the nervous system. Juno else does that. Whatever exercise you're going to do next, but lighter. And it also stimulates nervous system. And almost the exact same way that prepares you best for that exercise. General warm-ups are usually a waste of time in the weight room. So we're going to do here is we're going to get these heavy bands. That is not a heavy band. That is the f*** lightest band in the gym. And we're going to cross them over. So it's going to form an X over your chest. And then we're going to do a quick-feat quick-hands. And so we'll typically do this until he just feels warm, slightly exhausted. Lightly exhausted is too much for warm-up. Feeling warm is fine. This is a fine way to get the whole body moving. I have no problem with it. You can get almost the same effect by not using the banded all and just jumping up a little higher. But that wouldn't look cool. And your titties won't poke out like this, guys. Big pecks. So this exercise is standing rows. And what we're going to do is we're going to take our... Okay. Let's just cut right to the chase here. Mr. Tom Brady is an all-pro quarterback. He is an elite male specimen capable of truly man-strength if there is such a thing. Definitely exists in the national football league. If you are strong like men, as we say in Russia, then you cannot possibly benefit from standing rows because you are rowing at least your body weight. In standing rows, your body weight is vectored at potentially zero actual perceived load for totally vertical. Or if you lean back a little bit like these folks will, then it's vectored at I don't know. 15 degree cosine that shit. You are rowing like 15 or 30 percent of your body weight. That's nothing. It's not challenging. It's not overloading pro athlete. Pro athlete folks. Also, note one set to failure. Tom Brady is an explosive athlete. Failure training has demonstrated time and time again to do disproportionate amount of fatigue deposition and actually slows the athlete down. Pro football players are the last people you want to train to failure. Maybe after like sprinters and high jumpers. This is nonsense. We're going to get into our correct position here. So again, make sure that our spine is straight. You got to make sure your spine is straight. Even though there are no force factors going through your spine, what are you going to do? Pull your f***ing spine apart. What is this? Knees are bent. Got to bend the knees. Otherwise, who knows what can happen with such insane forces? Tight core. Tight core. You got to crunch out the core. Everyone knows this. Because the vertical forces for the heavy barbell that goes through your spine need to be stabilized so that you're able to translate forces to your legs and back up. And also keep the spinal column safe. Oh, wait. There is no barbell on his back. He's just rowing some tiny percent of his body weight on a f***ing band on the wall. Tight glutes. Tight glutes. I rest my case. And we're going to simply bring these back. We want to make sure that our elbows are tight to our body as we do these rows. Otherwise, who knows what will happen? And what this exercise is going to do is going to engage back muscles. Going to engage posterior delt muscles. That's all very true, but watch this. I just engaged my forearm muscles. Isn't that cool? Am I getting bigger or stronger in my forearms? No, because there's no weight in here. God damn it. He can probably do this exercise. For like, I don't know. Hundreds of reps before he gets to failure. So when he said do a set to failure, this gentleman will not be doing that. Because he can't fail. Look at how fast each velocity of movement is for each repetition. That is some insanely tiny fraction of was run repetition max. You could do this forever. Notice he did not go to failure on the video. Is that what have been p***ing impossible? You'd be doing it right now still. Banded push-up. Once set to failure, I'll just cut right to the chase. For a pro athlete, banded push-ups can be effective. You have to have a high degree of band tension. And the goal that the athlete should have is to try to result every single push-up. He's leaving the ground and coming back. If against a band, you can create that much explosive force. You're really training something quite sport specific. The ability to push m***ers really, really hard. Super helpful in American football, stiff arm, one arm, two arm, do the swim. Whatever it is, explosive upper body is awesome. So if I was doing these banded, I would be doing them for sets of three to six. Mega explosive, tough bands trying to come off the ground each time. That's a train for power. So this exercise is our resisted band push-up. And we do this so that we can isolate peck major and minor, the delts. Why the f***? Why would you isolate anything? And a professional athlete that moves in a super coordinated way. They do basic movements pushing and pulling and grabbing and throwing. Isolation work is for body builders. People who train for aesthetics. Are we still training football players? Yeah, I can't tell. And the core. Got to hit the core. You know this already. The most important thing in life, me. And the idea of time this movement is to be able to do it at the speed of sport. So it needs to be a functional movement. Which is a lot of the things that we do here. Everything is based on functional stability and functional strength. You're not training for function, generally. You're training for a specific kind of function. Herding other people on a football field, performing and staying safe. Training a profile player, remember? This is functional for people who just need to get into a position. Learn how to move their bodies around for the first time ever. And during the season for Tom it's one set max reps. Also this is during the season. This is stupid as f**k. He's actually slowing him down. One set to failure. Luckily isn't much from his Tom Brady. He's been lifting weights. Probably his entire life or so. But it is also going to marginally slow him down. Wow, getting him only some mild muscle retention benefit. Except for those rows. Those rows do nothing at all. So this exercise is going to be a good thing. So this exercise is going to be a good thing. Those rows do nothing at all. So this exercise is called core rotations. And to begin this exercise, we're going to start with rotation towards the band spine. And keeping your arms straight, you're going to rotate about 180 degrees to the opposite side. Because he's now rotating much. He's mostly rotating through his shoulders. And that actually through the mid trunk, which is where you want to rotate from. You're going to also want to be able to pivot your legs when you rotate. Because that's how athletes rotate when they're actually doing athletic things. This is general fitness for housewives that don't actually want to work out. Combrady trains like this. Unfortunately, I don't think your trainer is an expert in training. You know what I know? I just have a PhD in the shit. You want to make sure that as you do this, you're looking to only rotate your upper torso. You don't want to rotate your mid torso here. Of course, why would you want to rotate your mid torso? Just the most athletic thing you can do. This one makes sure you're just getting good shoulder rotation, engaging core, and making sure that we're staying nice and stable. This is the least athletic thing I've ever seen in my entire life. Is he practicing to clean up a window or some shit like that? I still can't figure out what this is for. So for this exercise, Christian's going to demonstrate our deadlift. BAN did deadlift. Do you know how many BAN tension you would need in order to make this challenging for Tom BAN braidi? One set to failure. My ass. He's not doing BAN did deadlift to failure. Nobody in that gym is training to failure. All right, folks. If you want to see the full uncensored version of this video, much more extra content. Some stuff we did not put into this video. Our members area is a for grabs. Give that a shot. And maybe you'll see you guys there. We want to make sure that your knees never go over your toes. Whatever happen if your knees went over your toes, you could die. By the way, quick, myth, rubuddle. Your knees can totally go over your toes. And if you're used to the movement, it's actually healthy for your knees. It makes you better at sports. And that your nose doesn't go over your toes. Okay. The hell is there to know is have to do with anything. The reason why this is so important is because really for an aging quarterback or any aging athlete. Aging athlete. Here we go. Here's some signs. We want to make sure that his legs stay really nice and strong. Okay. I agree. It's nice to have the legs stay as you say it nice and strong. Very analytical. How about this? A strong as possible since he has an entire career depends on his legs. Weird. When you decide to get strong and you go to a serious trainer, at this gentleman, apparently, you are taught to do heavy barbell training. The BAN to deadlift is not one of these things. Because you're going to do about 500 reps before you tire out. Which doesn't translate to the sport of football at all. The play doesn't last that long. And actually imposes fatigue on your legs and interfering potentially with them being a strong as they could be if you're an advanced athlete. Folks, this is general, mumbo, jumbo fitness training. But for one of the best athletes of all time. This is a sad time. I'm sad. So this next exercise that we're going to be demonstrating is the Byset rule. Does he not have weights in his gym? You're training Tom F***ing Brady. Nice and weights. What's this band bullshit? Grab the band with your hands at about waist level and then we're going to proceed into a Byset curl. So you'll notice that he's bouncing right back down after the top. And he's not milking out the slow eccentric, the negative. And that's actually a very muscle growth promoting part of the movement. So even if the goal here seems like it's to get bigger Bysets, which I assume is the only possible reason they could be doing this exercise. It's a fine reason not for an in-season athlete, but whatever at this point, even the stuff they are doing that's the wrong stuff. They could be doing it more correctly, more properly, more effectively, more thought through. There I say more hypertrophically. And while you're doing this exercise, you want to make sure that the body doesn't sway back and forth. You want to make sure you keep your core engaged. If somebody says, keep your core engaged one more f***ing time. Guys, keep your core engaged is kitch from the 1990s. It's nonsense when you have a sufficient amount of weight on your back or in your hands and your off balance. It's very easy to teach you how to keep your core engaged. It's very hard to teach you how to keep your core engaged when you're doing nonsense band movements that don't require your core to be engaged. You don't just turn on your core for pretend. You turn it on when you need it. If you have like 4x4, 4 wheel drive, you don't have to have it on pulling out of your driveway. But when your Jeep is almost off the side of the road, you will know it's time to turn it on. God dammit, this is pretend lifting. Then to try some extension, one set to failure. Again, all of these lifts will be better done with dumbbells or barbells. Because bands do not allow the highest forces at the stretch of the movement. They allow the highest forces in the contraction and point of the movement. And we want the highest forces at the stretch because that's been shown time and time again and the direct scientific literature to cause more muscle growth. Again, it's very important to maintain feet shoulder with the part. That's not true. You can do this with your feet in a variety of positions. Your abs are always going to be engaged, glutes are engaged, knees are slightly bent. Ideally, you would not bend your knees at all. That's extra energy drain. You should actually lock your knees out on the stretcher size. If you're lifting to try to accomplish the most tries up growth that you can have. This exercise is the deceleration length. And as you get into that lunge, you want to make sure that you control the deceleration of the lunge. So you've got to activate your core to help control that movement. No, wrong. Your core pulls your forward. This is a fine exercise to do if you're into adult fitness. You're untrained completely. You have no equipment or access to equipment. These are all the opposite of Tom Brady's reality, by the way. Let me tell you guys about the RP Hypertrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app, you can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they were written by eight person on this app programs. Everything for you. Exercise is weights, sets, reps, frequency, thought, whole thing. After every single workout on every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now, you're pretty interested in the app. Download the RP Hypertrophy app today. So again, the bandage holder press, he's moving around really quickly. He's not focusing on the mind muscle connection. He's not controlling the centric, the negative. And this is just going to result in a higher degree of effort for a lower degree of growth than you could otherwise achieve by focusing on properly moving. Sadness grips all of us. Expand squat. We can do it two ways. One, which is the way Tom does it, is we will put one band around your knees. Then you're going to take these bands, you're going to put one in one foot, cross over to the opposite shoulder. If you can put on a band like that using your arms, it's not strong enough to challenge your legs. How do I really know that? The lower you squat down the less the band's actually do anything. That's the opposite of how it should be. Take this band, press it up to the opposite shoulder. Do you like the music? Are you ready to do a band workout? Yeah, I guess man. Yeah, Tom Brady does it. Do you like the music? Man, he is bands. And by the target demographic yet. And what we're going to want to do here with this exercise again is we're going to want to make sure that your knees never go over your toes. Okay, knees never go over your toes is a pure undedal traded myth. If you are promulgating this in the year 2023, I can tell you there's a very low probability that you really know what you're doing. This is starting to sound like an insult video to Mr. Guy here who trains Mr. Tom Brady. And I'm going to be honest, man, I didn't want this to sound mean. But the guy just has no clue what's going on. And that your nose doesn't go over your toes. This exercise is meant to strengthen quads, hamstrings and glutes. The squat does not strengthen your hamstrings. Your hamstrings work antagonistically to your quads and the squat. It would be very challenging to train in both at the same time. I'm the remension of biomechanics should make that realization obvious. You are paid to coach a professional football player to peak of his career. And wonder how much this guy gets an hour. It's got to be over a thousand dollars an hour. Is there justice in this world? Oh my god, finally, the liability. So at the beginning and end of all of our workout sessions, we always do liability work. One is to stimulate the nervous system and activate good blood flow. You can tell he's making shit up. So before we do any of our exercises, we'll take a few minutes and we'll use our vibrating liability roller here. High-braining, liability roller. Now you have my attention. Doesn't it? How big is it? That's a... That's a... I'm just saying. Before every exercise he does this, that's really insane. That's a huge waste of time. And what's nice about the vibrating on aspect of these rollers is that what it's else should do is it's stimulating nervous system. So we're getting a great nervous system response to the aspect of the tension of the rolling. That's make belief nonsense. What does that mean in nervous system response? You guys, why see my nervous system response? Touch detected, touch detected, detected detected, detected detected. So there you have it. This is Tom Brady's in-season workout. That ended really anticlimacticly. In-season workouts, folks, just to reiterate, need to conserve strength and power and a minimum local muscular fatigue going very far away from failure, producing either high velocities or high forces, but never proximity to failure. Because we want to conserve muscle and strength, maximize strength and power. And at the same time, do it with a very low systemic demand because Tom Brady has to work out from practices and in-season play. We need to be really recovered because every game matters. This is a workout that is instead targeting very general fitness for people that maybe never been to the gym and just want to start working out with man's at home for the first time ever. It cannot be a larger separation between what would be optimal from Mr. Tom Brady was actually illustrated. I have no idea which weight is up anymore. Mr. Tom Brady seemed like a nice man. Mr. Tom Brady's coach, you also seemed like a nice man. Best wishes to you find gentlemen. See you guys next time. What's the rating? How's shit rating? Why not a 10? Why not a 10? For a professional football player, why not a 10? The one is for like, hey, you're doing some workouts. That's good. That's it. See you guys next time.