Oh, Scott, I've never seen this. Oh, yeah. He's basically touching his clavicles in the screenshot here. Oh my god, it's like a belted leg extension. Low incline Smith machine Gio-Teen Press. Yeah, if you're having trouble growing your chest, doing some of this art all stuff is I think a really, really good idea. Hello. I'm Arnold, that's right. I'm your favorite. And even though I'm considerably shorter and bolder than my face looks really weird, I'm still talking like me and that you know it's me. And guess what? I've got all sorts of videos you've might never seen before. They're little archive footage is, no, they're my great Italian. They've got the video guy. He broke in to the congressional library to steal this footage. No, that would be legal. But he did it for you and that's and now he's in jail. But good news, we still got the footage. Let's look at it. Let's talk about it. Oh, and one more thing. Yeah, I know the eye. This is gonna be a long video. It's a long video, you guys. Anyway, we're gonna look at cool Arnold footage that we haven't seen before. I'm Dr. Mike, I'm a professor. Something I think. Anyway, let's get to it. Yeah, listen, I want to exercise in which I can really improve my ability to back and slap somebody. Yeah, shout-up. Oh, you just like, yeah. This is the kind of exercise that the bros today be like, man, science-based, f*** these are f***ing reinvading the wheel. Runny Coleman just stared at a wall and his delts grow. It's a dope exercise. It offers a, what the hell's going on? Arnold lying down. It's got next to what looks like an old bed frame. You know? I love the old gym equipment in this house. I don't even know what that was for. All right, the lie is that there, it's awesome. And so what you end up having is he's lying down and avenged something you can do yourself. And he's lengthening the deltoid substantially, but still under load. And then coming up and getting all the way to the point of the top where there is no load on the muscle and all the way back down, this allows is one of these rare exercises that allows you to train your side-doubt and your rear-doubt at a stretch, which means a bigger stimulus. Eh, try it. Some people really like it. And Arnold kind of doing a little bit but, realistically, you might try to be a little bit more controlled the way down. Nice and quick on the way up a little bit more controlled. You can try this exercise and it's damn good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Because screaming at me is, you're the best Arnold. You shot stupid bullshit fake professor with your giant head and what happened to your ears. Yeah. You're a freak. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's got as promised, right? Low incline, Smith machine, guillotine press. I don't know what you guys know about the French Revolution but I know almost nothing. What I do know is that they employ the guillotine to do one of two things. One is executions of leaders that prove to be not good enough to lead the new French state and two execution of the guillotine Smith machine press to give some of those French leaders the biggest upper packs of all time. My God, it's got a very not well-known fact about the French Revolution is people were just stacked up, bro. Oh, I didn't know that. To leave Lefonce in hold on a sec, I have to balance a coffee cup and my upper deck imminal. Classic line said often in France by real French people. This is a really great exercise especially if you control that way to the bottom and gently touch. It allows a very safe range of motion that zaps the out of your upper packs by stretching the meton and being at a sliding line. It's also been shown that a low incline like this gives probably some of the best overall pack activity for the whole packed arouser exercise. The careful easing into this on your own if you want to try it because that high incline position with the high clavicles and the really flared elbows can be a little weird for the shoulders and the packs start nice and light. Something you can comfortably do 15 reps with. Do like 12 or 13 instead of 15 do it for a few sets. Come back a week later, put a little bit more weight on the bar. Maybe add a rubber tube and just keep going like that. How about we do a 15 on this? It's going to get your cropped on a hypertrophy but light enough that it's always going to be really safe. This is a ghetto ass myth machine situation. Yes, so they have to watch how he has to rack it. We get to see when we're going to just wait. Oh, yeah, that's barely a machine at all. Once you can't lift by yourself, you need a training partner for that. Whoa, Scott, what is this? Oh my god, it's like a belted leg extension. Weird. You have like belts on the top and belts on the bottom too. You know, Scott some machines they just made like shit back in the day and I'm glad they don't make him anymore. It was all that stuff stacked on top of it. Yeah, just like the bed frame again. Dog shit engineering. Yeah, they were trying their best. I guess the classic Arnold squats. So I actually used to program these squats into my workouts when I was like 19, 20 years old and I called them Arnold squats. It's just super upright. He's way well over the toes, but you're only squatting kind of about two thirds the way down, maybe halfway down. And if the reason Arnold did that is because I think you wanted to go heavier, but he wasn't really well averaged for squats, shorter torso longer legs. And it was a very tall. And so these squats were pretty challenging for Arnold. So I think he did these sometimes just to get a feel of bigger weight. And then this is a pretty classic bro training. Is this the best way to squat? No, no. Is it better for Arnold to put something under his feet to have a heel chew and then squat with lighter weight all the way up and down, especially at that bottom? Yes, it would have been better 100%. You're about to use the belts for squats, right? I wouldn't know any about that. What I got. Yeah, okay. So Arnold, using a belt. Now here's the thing. That's a really good belt. It's a classic leather belt. Probably a little bit thinner in the front, a little bit wider in the back, adopted from the sport of weight lifting, snatch and clean and jerk. The purpose of a belt is if your legs are so strong that you have a back core. That is now the limiting factor on squats. It gets tired first. And the weight is so heavy that the core is kind of unstable. It goes a shit. I don't even want to turn on the legs maximum because they'll snap our shit up. I'm the only factor here. What the belt does is by wrapping around your core, it just actually increases the intribedominal pressure inside your core. It supports every single structure and it keeps the spine really stable. And that enhanced stability allows your body to go, you know what? Actually, I can push my legs really far on this because my lower back, my mid back is not a limiting factor. And ideally, the way this pressure is applied is through most of your lower torso, your abdominal region, not just a three or four inch belt slice, but maybe like six to eight inches. And 360 degrees around. And ideally, a belt like that should also be a little bit mobile to conform to your natural movements, but still give you that massive improvement in intribedominal pressure and safety and enhanced neural drive. And the way I'm talking now seems like I'm talking about why I wish we had about like this we do. The hypervelt from the people that brought you versegrips is here in Israel, Jared, and I have a lot of other IFE pro and I designed it together. While making love to each other, think about that scene. Now stop thinking about that scene, wash your brain out with soap and come back to the belt, the hyper belt. Here it is for sale, it is designed for hypertrophy training. It is the first belt ever designed for muscle growth training. That's why it's taller, it's thinner, and it's 360 degrees of support. It also doesn't have a latch system, it just has one of these pull situations where it's velcro so that on some sets you need a belt really tight. On other sets, you need a not as tight and between sets, you can loosen it, to just have a really cool, conformal looking structure and just still walk around with it. You don't have to take it off and put it on all the time through your workout. You can keep it on most of your workout, you just tighten when you need it. The Versa grips hyper belt is here, there's links, there's descriptions, there's savings, if you buy through us, then just going on on the site raw. Give that some thought, all right, back to Arnold. No, shut up, stop doing your bullshit belts, stop nobody cares. Look at you, you're 4 for 10. Scott, am I really 4 for 10? Yes, you're actually telling the truth the time for once. Finally, it must be hard for you to tell the truth as a Jew, you know, whether it was going to save it, but they can save it because if it's good to German accent, 9, it's us 3 and it's the German shot. Whoa, you don't see Arnold, Barbel Press too much in some of these videos. Okay, so notice his wrists are not even on screen, his elbows are so very wide grip bench press. He's got his shoulder blades tucked, he's got an archer retraction just like you would empower lifting, he's touching right at his nipple line. This is a very, very good wide grip bench press and here's the thing, I don't want to put too fine at point on this because there's so much uncertainty. But when guys back in the day, we're doing lots of inclined Barbel Press wide grip, flat Barbel Press, lots of heavy dumbbell flies, heavy sets of 10, 15. Lots of dips as well. Guys seem to have on average better chests compared to the rest of them than they did in the kind of late 90s, early 2000s era of if I can do it with a cable or hammer strength machine, I'll never use a Barbel or double ever again. And I don't know if there's a cause and effect there, maybe I'm just hallucinating the whole thing, but I'm not the first person to say this. I really think there is something to good technique, very careful moderate loads, not sets of 5, but like sets of 10, sets of 15 with incline and flat barbell pressing and classic dumbbell flies. I think that if you get stronger on those over time, the amount of raw stimulus and stimulus to fatigue that they bring in for the pecs is pretty magical. If you're having trouble growing your chest, doing some of this Arnold stuff is I think a really good idea. Notice, he's getting a full stretch every time, but it's 2-3rds of the way to lock out that allows him to get his chest real close to failure and for that range of motion to be mostly under the stretch position, which probably grows you a little bit more. Yeah, these are all these reps are real close to failure now, you can tell he's slowing down, he's grimacing. You like that inside rack bench press? Yeah, that's the first thing I know. Confusing. Yeah, yeah, what was I saying earlier? Huge stretch dumbbell flies, this is kind of a press fly combo, a little bit more repressive than the bottom, more fly at the top. Let's use slightly heavier load but get a big, big stretch, big stimulus. This is the kind of stuff punishing the chest with these kind of deep, deep reps with 3-8s progressively overloading over time, that I think is a pretty magic secret of chest training. I would highly encourage you to try if you haven't before. Yeah, that's 70's chest. This video could be longer because actually Dr. Mikey talked about it a long time, but we've got a condense this in the polisher 20 minutes clips for you because you don't have the attention span because tick the crud your brains. But the good news is to do the good memories area. You're going to click on it and you're going to do it now. You should get the better videos of this and there's also something about you had feather training. So yeah, members area, click around now. All right. Yeah. So Arnold really liked to curl all the way up to the top. I think what he was saying is that it helps work on your peak. We're not so sure if that's true that from my mind muscle connection perspective, I think Arnold kind of invented the bicep mind muscle connection. And I think he think he would say this exercise really helped to express that mind muscle connection. There was a bit of swinging at the bottom. I'm not going to say I love that, but some really good control at the top. Very interesting that it's a close grip elbows are all the way in. This is similar to how Jerry does his, my wife, we pro Jared feather does his Jerry curl. Scott, do you think we could throw that up on the screen? Yes. Yeah. The Jerry curl. The Jerry curl. I would never call it that because I don't make sure after myself. A really concentrated way to zap the biceps. Arnold kind of combining that with some swinging and some brochure. It's going to be a great stimulus. Is it the least fatiguing thing in the world? No, probably not. Yeah. I mean, yeah. 22 or whatever in charms that Arnold had is just wild. Yeah. And notice he's not swinging just for the fences. He's swinging a little bit at the bottom to get the weight going. And then it's clear that his bicep contraction is controlling both most of the assent and the decent as well. And so this allows him to get more reps, which gets him more jacked. I would prefer my own training and you guys should consider just doing strict work, but just taking more rest breaks and just doing the same number of reps you would. But with bit more rest breaks and strict reps, but this is definitely a way to get the job done. All right. Pretty ballistic upright rows. Lots of people do them this way. Is this perfect? No. Do I think it's a good idea to have more control? Yes, it reduces how much spinal fatigue, axial fatigue you get, how much systemic fatigue you get if you just mostly use your side delts and not as much of your swing ability. But is this going to drive a lot of raw stimulus into the delts? Absolutely. One hour per cent, he's using a weight and rep combo. He wouldn't just be able to do with the upper body. His legs have to help a little bit, which milk's the living shed of the upper body makes him use a lot more of the fast twitch motor units and his shoulders than typically. So this is going to be a raw brutal workout. I would recommend making the technique a little bit crisper, not using as much swinging. But other than that, this is a great movement. We also have amazing range of motion. You're coming really high up all the way down. Scott, do you notice the back and Arnold's day? They really like assumed you're supposed to be doing the big range of motion for almost all the stuff. That was actually the one thing that surprised me, because I assumed it would be like the 90s all middle range hammer press stuff. The 90s really ruined a lot of shit man. Is that actually how they had it figured out before? Yeah, in the 70s they trained pretty well. In the 80s, almost everyone trained with this fundamental really good technique range motion. Richie Gospari, we had Lea Labrata, Lea Haney, these guys when you look at the training footage, they all trained really, really well fundamentally. Then through the early to mid 90s, a lot of guys still did that. Kevin Levron phenomenal training, just basic, good full range of motion controlling the weight for most lifts. Then in the mid to late 90s, you got to use the air for some of the folks doing lots of camera machines, partials and stuff. A lot of these guys are so big, they could barely move their own body through a four-inch motion. I got kind of wacky there, early 2000s mid to 2000s, kind of weird. This is a dope era. Again, a lot of swinging, but fundamentally very good stuff. Nine, shot up, bullshit. Arnold definitely got after it. Very beautiful women sometimes feel that they're admired for the wrong reason. Is that happened to you? If they just want to want me for my body, it's great, you know, I get the same satisfaction out of it. I mean, there's no sexual relationship that I have with the woman that she gets everything out of it and they're nothing. Damn, Scott, he's wonderful. Exactly like you promised. Look at my hair. I'm gorgeous. So I'm perfect to satisfy. If she just wants me for my body, you know? This is like, Scott, telling a man this like, hey, okay, okay. I have a girlfriend who wants the tear or clothes off and just suck on every part of you. That's kind of gross, right? You feel victimized, you're like, wait. What? Where is she? Please. Does she have a number? I can text her at. You know, my being a sex out of shit. No, no, no, no. I don't feel like I don't. The channels outless courses will great in a way because it may be what exercise. But the advertising campaign did a lot of harm to bodybuilding. It may be will believe that man trained with weights for the simple reason of embracing girls. Damn, Scott, this is some social criticism from Arnold. Yeah, I mean, the ads were like just the most like, man, someone bullying up the beach and you're lack reproductive opportunities with women of the property agent, gender. Yeah, I do. Sir, I'd love to be able to stand up myself with the beach and thought, get the same. And kicked into my face, man. Yes, and as this child else, protein, powder, and dumbbell set, then the RP-i-perchrophy app has dozens of pre-made workout templates to help you build a plan faster than any other training software allows. But you can customize each plan exactly to your needs by prioritizing and depray-ortizing any muscles you'd like to train, choosing the exact exercises you'd like to use, and customizing the volumes you employ at every single step of the process. If you're looking to bring up liking muscle groups, look no further than the RP-i-perchrophy app. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Then you'll be having lots of an across and no time, even with ladies. It might pictures in the of the guy looking in the mirror and posing, which again, gave you the narcissistic image that the image of bodybuilders being narcissistic. I never look in the mirror and pose constantly. I don't do this every day of my life. Are you sure about that? It's also gave the image of bodybuilders trained with weights only because they want to punch out people, and because guys who trained with weights have an inferiority complex with the body. I don't know where he would have gotten that one from. And therefore they pick up weights. And yeah, little shades of gray hair folks, a lot of people get into lifting for their own reason. And many people get into lifting because they were bullied. No names here. Because they couldn't get the attention of girls. Also, I would have nothing to do with that. And because they wanted a sense of agency and even like literally increasing their combat power. That's a lot of why people train with weights is not the only reason. But I think what Arnold was trying to say, and a view I hold really highly is that while many of us get into lifting for that reason, what it gets us into bodybuilding per se eventually is just pure artistic endeavor. The ability to forge your own sculpture and live inside of it is like so fucking cool. You guys, that's why I do this shit real talk. Basically the only reason I bought it at this point or kind of ever is to like embody my own weird psychotic vision of what I could do with my body as a sculpture. And I think that's the stuff that has nothing to do with girls, nothing to do with bullies, nothing to do with revenge or anything like that. It's just you, the artist perfecting your craft. That's what Arnold was and always will be, or the absolute greatest physique artists of all time. And he is golden. He gets a 10 out of 10 at every scale. Okay, fine. Yeah, you got the same nice things about me so that maybe I see you clip and then to the ground and the go to the guy and shout-up. Yeah, it's kind of what I think I was thinking. Scott, do we have anything else to say or am I shutting up now? Guys, I'm about to shout out. You ready? Three, two, one. See you next time. You