WOOOOOOT HUM HUM HUM HUM HUM HUM! Typically for breakfast, I will have a bowl of porridge. If I am not bulking, I'll skip lunch. And then, for dinner, every night, I'm going over to my brother Sam's house. And eating whatever it is that he's been cooking. Sshhhhhh. I'm just kidding, I'm ridiculous. I love that this was supposed to be informative, but he's like, yeah, I'll search for it. I eat like a decent breakfast, I call. I don't eat lunch, like, okay. I eat whatever that want for dinner, my brother's amazing cooking. It's very, very fun stuff, so that's why I've been doing this in it. Oh, I'm great. They weren't so much. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength, I am a former professor of exercise and sports science, a jujitsu black belt and a bodybuilder. And a person who has been struggling with balding, but is unwilling to admit it yet. And that gives me zero things in common with today's real star, Mr. Tom Holland, who is believe it or not, not from Holland. But because he's gorgeous and beautiful and perfect and a wonderfully accented, posh, British man, we are going to his own inn and lens in, whatever that is, onto his training a little bit of his diet and some of his tips and see if we can expert our way into relevance and clicks. Let's go. What should go to work out when you're sure on time? I do a CrossFit workout called Cindy. One of my favorite things about British people is that they don't say named. They say called. You were named Scott, no, no, you were called Scott. It's called Cindy. And okay, who is Cindy and does she have big titties? Let's find out. It's five pull ups, 10 push ups, 15 squats, as many times as you can in 20 minutes. And it's great. Like you don't have to think about anything, you just count your rounds. Sometimes if I'm feeling really tired, I'll do one round on the minute every minute. This is a really good workout to do at a pinch. Why? It hits many of the muscles of your legs. It hits a lot of the muscles of your pushing complex, chest shoulder triceps with the pushups. Lots of the pulley muscles back, biceps rear delts with the pull ups. And so we're left with like posterior chain, like lower back hamstrings, is really kind of the only thing super missing from that, maybe traps. And so if we were just to add one pulling movement into there, that's a relatively heavy, like a high rapid deficit deadlift, or stiff leg head deadlift, this workout would be amazing. And I love that he's doing rounds of this as many as he can in 20 minutes. It's a really cool to be able to cap your workout time. You're like, I'm leading in 20. Now let's get after it. Minimal rest, crossfit is awesome for this specific purpose. If you want to tune that high-perchrophy up a little bit, making sure to take every single one of those sets, not two, five, 10, 15, whatever the number is, and then going and resting and then going again, but close to failure. So if you can do pushups very close to failure, pullups very close to failure, body weight squats very close to failure, whatever kind of goblets squat, and then some kind of stiff leg head deadlift close to failure, and then do rounds of that. It's gonna maximize the metabolic stimulus, minimize the time spent training, and get Tom Holland to show up to his next, golla, I'm the red carpet wearing a little something skimpyer than usual. Scott, do you ever look at male actors and you're like, my god, I mean, never, like, never, I'm so straighter. I'm, and the internet. I'm, yeah, guys are gross too, right? They got guy stuff. This is a great workout. Could be modified for optimality, that's why we're here. This is awesome. He is okay, so he's doing some gymnastics stuff, looking like a little iron cross attempt, maybe. Whoa, look at that control. Yes, yeah, look at that control. Wow, okay, so iron cross is actually quite dangerous. Like, they're just physical activity in exercise, they're not crazy dangerous, safer than basketball, but, you know, there's a crap load of tension on your triceps, your biceps, your pecs and your lats, especially the tendons, all the way in that bottom position. This is something you have to get well conditioned for. He did an absolutely great job. Is it a good way of training? No, this is a way of showing off, but hey, when you got it, you got to flop that shit. Plus, you know what I'm saying? You got to wrap out for the 50,000 girls you can never hook up with, because just just not that much time in your life. Oh my god, he does gymnastics things, and he's twirling. Is he getting ready for an ice dancing film? Oh, cool, that's one of those things that people do. Oh my god, is the wind really high and it blew him away, because he's so small. This is cool, man. Yeah, this isn't just like Hollywood Jacked. This is like real life competent at movement. Very, very impressive. And if you want to integrate, what's that? It's like real spider-man. Like real spider-man, bro. Like for real for real, man. I hope I get his web shot at me and I'm... But it's white, the story I've done. Oh. Oh, let's go with that. He's like, you think I'm doing overhead squad. Or head lunge. Ha ha, JK. I'm doing something else. I was wacky. You know, there's nothing wrong with doing some fun stuff. It's kind of weird. But if you want the fastest results for your physique and your ability, everything you do should probably have like a good reason for doing it. Like someone should be able to come up to you doing the lunge thing and be like, what are we targeting here? And whole body's totally good answer in context that sometimes people just kind of do wacky stuff and they sort of expect results. I think in Hollywood and in real life when you need results results, you don't want to do stuff that for sure causes like the most muscle growth, the most fat loss, the most range of motion, expansion, the best effect for your joints, your strength. And then like if you have all those situations sorted to where you're like, I'm in a really good shape. Doing other stuff, crossfit workouts, gymnastics stuff. What a lot of conservative gym folks would call, gary, uh, all, and good fun. Um, I think that then opens up the world to all that stuff is just participation for good vibes. What I don't like to see people doing is people who don't have maybe amazing genetics, people who really need results kind of sooner than later, although motivationally tend to try to quit. They get invested into training philosophies that have all these kind of random movements. And unfortunately random movements give you sort of random results. Not as great as could be. And so a few weeks persisting into these movements. Like it's fun, it's wacky. They don't see those results. And then it's gonna be like, ah, this exercise is dumb. So just a cool friendly reminder like, um, saying, get yourself the RPA, purgify app program all the shit like, you're very, very logically, you get awesome results. And then after that, you can take your cool, new awesome body and do a lot of other stuff with it as well, because maintenance is a lot easier than getting there. Just kind of a quick, real thing. All right. We got pull ups. Whoa, what's up Marissa, Linda? Hey, Max, can we get a Marissa, Linda plug into this? Because she's actually really, really good at this. Um, again, perfect example of like this is dope. It's gonna have a training stimulus for sure. But just do and regularly go to all fashion controlled pull ups for sets and wraps and adding weight over time. Really interesting or ability over time is gonna work better. Then this kind of stuff, this nothing wrong with it. It does make for really good clickbait videos. Here's the other thing. When you're doing that demo exercise, it's really dope. And you can hang in for a long time. But if you're trying to get better at pull ups, the weight and the reps are gonna go up, up, up over the months and the years. That's a great thing. This is gonna get your back jack. You're gonna get that V-Taper. You're gonna be really competent. A pull-ups, your joints are gonna feel great. The thing is though, as you get really, really good at pull-ups, especially if you're trying to be a little bit more of a heavy muscular king, your grip is gonna be the limiting factor. And they actually, um, we're gonna have spider-man have built-in Versa-Grips, which is a product that we're promomiting and we use all the time. And it's amazing. Woo hoo hoo hoo hoo. Mike, it's me, it's you from the future. The future! Listen, uh, two things to tell you. One, um, Versa-Grips also makes the hyper belt, which is an amazing belt. And the first belt ever designed four-high-perchrophy training for muscle growth. It's super adjustable, it's super snug, it's comfy, it doesn't bite down into you. And it's taller and thinner, so it contours your waist so you look sexy as hell, while you're getting sexy as hell in the gym. And the other thing is, um, uh, Jennifer, do not go on a date with Jennifer, do not do it. All right, um, buy more in video stock. So right now, I am actively trying to put on as much weight as possible. So for me, a cheap meal is actually a really good thing, so I have cheap meals all the time. Isn't that fun to say, Scott? Oh, yeah, must be nice. Must be nice. Why, why say, must be nice. Most people can gain weight really easy, losing weights really hard. Very few people, but they do exist, have trouble gaining weight. And then for them, eating a lot is actually some combination of challenge, plus also like, nuisance. Um, when you're stuffing yourself and your body's like, now you're good and you still have to keep eating to gain weight for a roll, that sucks because if you think about it this way, if you're dieting, if you know all your meals for the day, you're just your job is just just do what you're just do that and that's it. It is a hard eat to meals. But when your job is to eat a certain amount of food that you can't get up to eating that much, you can't just quit. You're like, well, I had 2700 calories. You're supposed to have 3,000, you're like, it's midnight, like, get through 100 calories somewhere and you're like, oh my god, eating when you're stuffed sucks. Eating when you're already everything about your body, saying don't do it, is terrible. And I know a lot of people are like, oh my god, tons of girls are like, oh, I can't get my thumb. Okay, baby, you're at it. Why are you bald and like your ears look weird? What? I can eat middle school flashbacks. Scott believe it or not, it wasn't bald and middle school. Hmm, prove it. I try to be strict and healthy. I travel a lot so I find it really difficult to get into a routine of cooking for myself. The routine of cooking when you're traveling is basically a waste of time. Big thing with traveling is you have to figure out what stores, like in London, and the UK, you have like Tescoes and St. Barry's and all those great places. You can just go downstairs kind of anytime of the day or night and get like amazing macro food. There's tons of lead protein options and all this other stuff. Like that, the rest of the world necessarily, but it's tough. And so a lot of times if you really want to be on your pees and cues when you're traveling, taking some protein supplements and bars with you, you know, finding out guillotine advance kind of where the convenience stores are and if they have protein, that could be a big deal. And if you're Hollywood rich, you can get somebody to send you a care package that has like tons of macro friendly food for you and maybe scope out the area in advance that that's asking a lot. I'm always trying to have a healthy amount of vegetables and when I say healthy, I just mean a lot. Excellent idea, vegetables are awesome for you. They have vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals, which are special plant various beneficial chemicals we keep finding out about and plenty of water as well. Just kind of like all of the micronutrients all the same time veggies are go to. My girlfriend's a vegetarian. Name drop. Which is really helpful because it means that more often than not. Yooo! I'll be having a veggie meal. They just keep showing these pictures, Scott. It's cool to be around vegetarians because they a lot of times figure out the veggie shit. That is if they're health conscious vegetarians. Not health conscious vegetarians, you guys are dope, ethically you're doing the right thing but sometimes you eat a lot of junk food. So I would say like not dependable to being around a vegetarian and enhances your nutritional intake but it can be a thing. Scott, I guess just being around Zendaya is probably pretty nice, huh? I think it would be swell. What if he all jokes all over his back? What if she's a f***ing banshee in real life? Like just terror, just pure just pissed. What are percent of the time? Like in just vengeful and just won't let you sleep crazy shit. Kind of like more? How you say that? I knew you'd be like that. Tick-tickly for breakfast. I will have a bowl of porridge. Scott of all the British things you ever heard, the bowl of porridge. What the hell is that? What the hell is porridge again? And according to man's health, nuts are a great way to eat more heart-healthy fats. That is actually true nuts are very, very good for health. Get crazy with the calories so watch your shit. But the kinds of fats that are in nuts are some of the best fats for your health. With a bunch of fruit nuts, a company with a shake. You know he's gaining because he's putting that shake my man. So that would be that lunch. Typically if I am not bulking I'll skip lunch. Scott, how's this for a testament of low food drive? Do I have to eat this like no, like I'm getting really? A lot of people can't wait to eat lunch. And then for dinner, I'm so lucky my brother Sam is a really talented chef. Scott, do you ever brother names Sam that's a town to chef? I have neither of those. That's unbelievable. Look at what's eating. Wolf can jibble to a gravy. That looks amazing. Shut up Scott. So he's been building all of these amazing recipes. So really every night I'm going over to my brother Sam's house and eating whatever it is that he's been cooking. I love that this is supposed to be informative, but he's like, yeah, I'll just check this out. I ate like a decent breakfast that I'd call. I ate lunch, like okay. I ate whatever I want for dinner. My brother's amazing cook. You'll have to like with a no pad like things I learned from Tom Hollins diet that can make me jack you're like, this is why I left the sitting. This was like a man's health exclusive. I left the site to his diet. And it starts out like yeah, that's in the site. And no, it's like a truck when it's full-divine. Like the guy learned actually. I'm not sure. But I've been using this container of meat. I don't give a mean the whole thing. Oh, you're going to die. So they used to be a sign of wealth and strength if you're like, like that. Nothing's of very intelligent. Which can range from sticky bowel. One, it's getting a ridiculous amount of food. It looks great. You know what I'm saying? To a traditional roast dinner. Scott, on a scale of one to British times a thousand, a roast dinner. A porridge and a traditional roast dinner. Nothing like porridge and a roast in it. Any haul comes out of nowhere. Eat some haul into it. Now that's British. You let a wank. Now he wouldn't say that. He might. So, you know, a chicken very unique. Chicken what? What? Scott, how come we all hear eating chicken and broccoli and suffering and crying in our food while he's having chicken beer and ease? Is that appropriate of? Should we be worried about that? Did the beer and ease peoples have no choice but to serve the British chicken? I think it's chicken to fair on eat. Which is a bad situation. Wait, wait, wait, wait, did the very neat people have to know choice? God, he's eating French food, my man. So, it's very, very fun stuff. So that's why I've been doing recently. Cool. Ah, great. We learned so much. Thanks, Matt. Thanks, Matt. Thank you. Thanks for everyone. Guys, we have more video right after this quick message. Here's the message by the way. We have a member section, a longer, less cut-up version of this video will appear. Tons of training logs, tons of other science stuff. Get the member section, click on that. Alright, back to the video. I'm very lucky. Flash this and I'll be sure to hit him. That my default setting of my body is there. Is adorable Harry Potter look alike? If I don't, yep, train an eat, I lose weight. Yeah, very rare. Um, I'm very rare. I would say off-hand, fewer than 10 to 20 percent of all humans can pull this off. Most people when they just do whatever in a very modern, obiesogenic food environment will gain that sort of infinitely based on the data for a while anyway. And so, it is kind of cool that if he just kind of backs off, he just gets skinny. And then if he, if he like eats more protein, eats more calories, starts training with weights, he gets a little more jacked. The thing is though, you say, oh my god, this is all loss on us. No one's like this. If you are trying to get bigger, you have pretty decent genetics for eating food. As you get bigger, bigger, huge genetics sometimes can't keep up. So like if between 150 and 180 pounds, you had no problem eating to gain. Between 180 and 190, you might run into be like, dude, I used to be able to put it down. But now that instead of eating 2700 calories to gain, after you 3500 calories, you can turn out like that's really hard. And so, Tom Holland's tips for like eating taste to your food, making sure to add some protein shakes into a few meals, and most importantly, being consistent about it is actually really, really helpful. Even for folks who are trying to get really, really jacked. That whole consistency thing and the knowing thing is a really, really big deal. Because a lot of times when you're busy and doing cool shit and dating is an endire, you can like forget that everything exists probably. And you're doing shoots, you're doing signings, whatever famous people do, going to Epstein's Island, you're like that. And like, I don't know if they have like a protein snack section of Epstein's Island, probably not. And so if no one's reminding you, hey, you got to eat it for PM. If you're not naturally inclined to it, or if you aren't actually inclined, you've been getting weight for a while, stuffing yourself in your no longer natural inclined, can be really tough. It's that thing of like, for me, Scott, do you have this internal thing now in your body? Where every like three to six hours, you're like, part of your brain is like, hey, I don't care if you're hungry, but you should eat protein. Do you have that? Okay. So this is just like habit formation over years of the shit. That habit of like, hey, every three to six hours, something goes in your brain. Like, I should be ingesting at least protein. Like, I'm going to have four meals a day. Come, out of high water. That's a big deal. And Tom Holland is really talking about how important that is. And it is critical because a lot of people say, man, I'm going to eat. And then three months later, like, sort of pretty similar a little bit more jackal bit leaner. And you're like, how's the weight gain? And they're like, oh man, you know, let's just start it out good, but, but, and it's always the same thing. I've been missing a few meals here and there. You got a fast metabolism. You don't have a ton of hunger. You miss a few meals. There's no mass game phase at all. Big deal. I take supplements depending on my fitness goal. Oh, this is easy. Scott, should I just guess them? No, go in. Based on his physique here, I can tell he's not a lot of growth hormone. You can see his puffy eyes. He's going to get in that REM sleep. I can also tell who have a little bit of his like forearm veins. He's on wind straw. You don't get veins like that until you're on wind straw. And the way he's answering the questions kind of seems like, Skye, see is kind of looking off like to the left. He's like not having a yeast. And pist, that's at least a gram of trend. So I would say it's probably what he's taking. Otis the assessment though. Whatever bullshit he's going to lie about. He's probably eaten ties. Skye, he's probably like, liquefying tires and injecting them shifts. You know what I'm saying? These Hollywood. So right now, I'm on a pretty steady flow of creatine. Great, creatine's great. Um, and creatine, five grams a day. My hydrate is awesome for everyone. I'm protein. Ooh, here's a question. Do you need to supplement protein to get jacked? You actually don't. You need zero protein supplementation as long as you get enough protein in your daily diet. You don't actually get any more jacked from supplementary protein like powders and shakes. Then you do from just food protein like chicken and steak. However, getting in enough protein can be very challenging for many people. Sometimes challenging to like technical constraints like logistics like I don't have any protein here with me and a phantagena shot or phantagena. Vard's all good to go. But a lot of times it's an appetite thing. Like, you know, or just eating with friends like you go to a dinner you go to a breakfast drought to lunch, blah, blah, blah, and you're like, man, if I keep this up, I'm at like 100 grams of protein a day or 80 or some shit. Two shakes through the day. Two 40 gram way shakes. You're at exactly the amount of protein you need. No problem. So shakes aren't just magical thing that's going to pound muscle on you. Scott, the first time I ever tried like a protein shake, I was like, get rid of the relationship, bro. I was like, yes, yes, I'm no longer natural. You know, like a taste like chips. So you knew you weren't natural. You know, like, this is definitely medicine because no one would ever make a chocolate shake taste like this. Unless they were just being around or it's literal medicine. And I was like, hell yeah. But it turns out like just get the same thing from chicken. I also take a protein shake in the morning. Morning. I'm done filled with all the minerals and vitamins. Oh, he said it's got to be vitamins. Vitamins. If I was a female of reproductive age and let's say Chris Williamson said to me anything front to back that included vitamins. By the time he started saying the S part of vitamins, I would be completely naked and clutching him. It's reasonable. reasonable. That you need to be living a healthy healthy lifestyle. Yeah, that's kind of about it right now. Protein, creatine, plenty of good food. I'd say this is can swell, man. This is really good stuff. My mission often on this channel and on this show is to have some fun. I mean that kind of just ends up happening. And to take some of the really good insights and gems that people have in really let them bloom, really explain the science of why. And then take some of the stuff that's maybe wacky, maybe not so effective and say, hey, that's really cool. But another way you could also try to do this is this. And that's how I'm allowed to sleep at night because I maintain the illusion that I have a positive attitude and I'm not just a piece of shit, grifter, trying to sell hypertrophy, abs and subscriptions on videos that used to do a lot better than this quite frankly. It's got an idea of what to do anymore. Guys, this is a cry for health. This is not a joke. I have clinical depression. Scott, what else is cool for me to have that gets me sympathy? Oh, yeah, depression trauma. Trauma. I'm traumatized. Because of my depression, think about that. Anyway, all jokes aside, you guys. This has been super fun. Tom Hansen is a really nice guy. And if you see him, tell him I said hello. I rate this. Many Goddamn logical shit out of 10. I've been Dr. Mike. And I'll see you. Wait, wait, wait. It's my item man. I got you, baby. Please, home. That was fun. I feel like spraying people with my web. No, that doesn't make you sad. This video will probably make more sense. See you guys next time.