I'm O and W. Meeeeyyyy, I'm superman! What next fun? It looks really fun. It's just not an effective way to train. You're giving yourself a problem with actually getting a stimulus if you do this. Now if you're very overweight, maybe it's a way to get you into the child and all that shit doesn't f**k work. Just get in the gym and do some goddamn good work. It's got him died. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I'm a former professor of exercise and sports science. I'm a competitive Brazilian Jutsu Grappler and bodybuilder and also a man with an amazing haircut. Oh my hair's gone. Today we are covering the worst. Well, I mean, I've been out the worst. Some of the worst of TikTok fitness. No, it's crazy. I thought TikTok fitness videos were all excellent technique and perfect training and intensity and logical programming. But who knew a some occasional videos are a little bit off the mark. Now before I get into this mood of mine, which is a ranting, raving, pissed. I want you guys to know something. It's all love and respect. It's all banter as they say in the United Kingdom. All good vibes at the end. So we're just having to take in the piss a little bit. Poking the bear. If you see any videos of mine and the internet exposing including this one. Be afraid to tee off on my dumb ass until the cows come home. All for fun. All for jokes. All of them are spiked. Let's do a little clowning. Three, two, one. TikTok is a clown show. Oh, what the fuck? 52, 100 times every day for 10 days and see for yourself. Okay. Let me tell you this right now. This is a lie. You can tell it's a lie by understanding the time course of hypertrophy. The time course of muscle growth is measured on weeks, plural at the minimum. And months at the intermediate to see some visible results. Let me put it to you this way more scientifically still. Weeks. We can start to detect muscle growth is occurring with the finest tuned MRI equipment. Months we can start to detect that muscle growth is occurring with our eyes. Years is when muscle growth is causing such a change to your external anatomy that people are like, Whoa, that looks really different. If you look at the day one and seven day, she's now at Scott one day, seven days. I mean, it's literally just Photoshop or just like both damn. Ridiculous also and the first one that that young lady is contracting her glutes in the second one. She's getting a Lordotic posture and just pushing her glutes out. It's actually a different pose. In addition to that, the waist size, if you can tell, is completely different. So this is just literal lies and it's got 131,000 likes and 64,000 shares. And the problem is that like like whatever, you know what I'm saying, like get out there lie, bullshit sell your crap, but like real actual people real humans just don't know any better. We're going to do this and they're going to do 50 to 100 times every day for 10 days. They're going to see nothing in all the stock cases and then going to have wasted 10 days. That's the shit to get me real riled.fels. I don't give make your money sell your bullshit sell your something. You feel me, but like you're ripping people off and giving them false hope. And after a while, people try not fads that just think exercise doesn't work for that man. The shit takes weeks and months. Got body here. Except, you know, I've got Dan and let me just watch the video. Duff. She's just like the easiest exercise in the world. Also, it's mostly a quad exercise. The lie extension. I mean, if you're weak enough for this to be challenging, dope. This is like a squat with half the load missing. Will it train your glutes? Normally, does it activate your glutes? Yes. Is it a lot of tension? Absolutely not. Again, the only way you're going to get results that they show here in the top right hand corner is if you do a Brazilian butt lift in that shirt. The last shirt takes a whole lot longer than seven days to heal from. This really got really as the worst of TikTok bullshit. Oh, yes. My hourglass abs. Workout routine. Which is the profile. The profile is called Stars for you. Very well. Alyssa, oh my god, I'm a flower. Long awaited workout routine. Exploding star. Guys, let me know if you would want more workout content. No. Please don't. Just getting out of here and see it again. Let's find out how this works. Worming up with a plank for 60 seconds. Okay, plank sort of just largely waste of time. She's also sagging into the plank. You guys can see that she has a profound amount of curve in her spine. What you really want to do with a plank is she should pull her elbows back a few inches. Lift her tummy and butt up so that she has a completely straight line in her spine. That's the difficult version of this. It means your abs are contracting the entire time. If you sag in to her lower dot of curve like she is, it actually makes the movement way easier and way less effective for the only muscle that's involved, which is your abs. Okay, plank dips. It's a neat exercise. This is a little bit of the obliques mostly trains an internal spinal muscle called the rototores. So you just never see it. It is really good for getting people to masturbate to your videos because it shows off your asshole. Number one benefit. Means. That's a swell ab exercise. It would be even better if she let the abs aight take the lead. Whichever combination you use, your results will climb higher than ever. All you have to do is bring the effort. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. But if these are tough for you, then this is a fine exercise. Good stuff. Twisted knee ends and it's just variation. Side plank, cool, trains do a bleaks. So if you want a bigger waistline, this is how to do it. Plank till failure scot. Wow. Sure. She really pushed it. That was it. Me. Got shaky legs. I want to prevent injuries. Use these bocobal exercise. This is great to work on balance or knee. It was. Scott, you ever have a program that just doesn't address me or ankle? Or my shaky legs. Shake your legs. You're sitting there and you're just shaking. Oh, this again. Also, you're practicing shaking even harder. Yep, bocobals will to some extent improve your balance, especially on the task of balancing on a bocobal. Outside of that, it doesn't do a whole lot of other. One of the best ones right here, single lift squats. You hold it down there for five seconds. Down where I'm out of the front, you ain't down anywhere. That's a third of the way down. It's working on nice and metrics and really shrieking those muscles and joints around the knee and knee. You know what else does that? Lifting weights. But much more. If you're really going to push yourself, add some weight. Make sure it's light and you're moving it slowly. This is going to be a chilly challenge in your vision. Why is he doing lateral raises the same time? That is nothing to do with your knee. Because you're going to want to lay for the unspoken surface. You're going to get your body for any day. And by anything, you mean just balancing on a bocobal, right? Because I'm going to prepare you for shit. Go try grapple after this. Try lifting weights. Try running a marathon. You will find that you were unprepared entirely. This isn't preparing you for dick. Because I'm for being a little bit better about it. Even this for good. It's a flow of force. Scott, I'm dying here man. Yeah. These videos are always fun for like the first six and then you're like, You think you're okay? We also realize like, there's a world of this shit, you know, and they just keep going. I collected these for months on and off. Oh, I just goes and goes. Because I want to make sure I got like a good sampling. You know, it's a never ending haul of these videos. Man. This looks fun. Are you getting too good of shape? Yes. Well, maybe gravity is the problem. That's a good point. It'll be good to reduce gravity by putting it into a bungee cord. Oh, nice. That'll be able to have more fun and get less out of it. Yeah. Great. That's so cool. You guys should check this out. The way the bungee works is it creates much fewer forces for you to have to push off the deeper you go. And as you come up, the force wreck was it becomes higher. So it actually flips the force curve into one that causes you less muscle growth, less Challenge to your body, less calorie expenditure. This is one of these fit gym kind of like, you know, trends that is just like really fun to do. Like Scott, wouldn't it be dope to like get really drunk or high? Get into the bungee cord and just around for a bit? Dude, I want to do it so bad. So bad. I want to feel like I'm a fucking astronaut. The thing is man in space, the astronauts have trouble maintaining their muscle because the forces are so low. You're literally like making yourself, you're giving yourself a problem with actually getting a stimulus if you do this. Now if you're very overweight, maybe it's a way to get you into the, I don't know, all that shit doesn't work. Just get in the gym and do some goddamn good work. Do a couple reps, really challenge yourself. Put yourself in the bungee cord. It's going to be fun. It's going to be most important. You also have to like remember how to do all the patterns. Scott, it's like a dance you remember. Yeah. We, I'm super man. It looks fun. It looks really fun. It's just not an effective way to train guys precisely because it is easy because the band is there. Take the band off, try to do some of that shit with your own bodyweight. Now you're having a hard time in hard times. But what caused you to actually get the results to you. Believe this was the meme exercise. No doubty were there like white women will do anything to take. Still void working out. White women will do anything it takes to avoid working out hard. One hundred percent. Can I just like, what do you think about like the bungee thing? Does that like work? I do with the green top. That's a great color. Folks, there is still more video to come. But we have a members area that if you click on and subscribe to and purchase just a little bit of money. But you get the unfiltered version of all these videos plus a ton more science. Nerdy stuff. Give that a look. It's somewhere on your screen by stuff to make us more wealthy so we can buy more unfiltered water that's raw. And it makes you healthier, happier somehow monetization. I don't know what I'm saying back to the video. Don't let me catch a hold of a scientific based lifter. Why? What are you going to do with us? Motherfucker. I don't even know who you are. I'm off. Your face is blot it out. Come on in with that real shit. I want this guy to run into Jared Feather and tell him, Hey, I'm going to catch a hold of you. Have fun with that. Have fun. Oh, one great comment. Scott gear is science. Literally it's chemistry bro. You are literally science based in the physical sense. I think people who don't like science based training come from one of two perspectives. One is they think some science based influencers over complicated things on purpose and they're completely correct in many cases and so lives total respect. The other one is they're just dumb and they don't understand science and they have to be against it because otherwise they would have to be like for it, but bad at it and they don't want to be part of that. What are you doing with that? I don't even oppose. Getty. Is he in a burglar mask? Yes. I hurt me. STONEphalt None of them did anything, this is a person leaning on a chair and hopping around. And also, your rectus abdominis muscles are functioning as a one unit at all time. Upper and lower abs are not a thing, unfortunately. And so, this is all fucking bullshit, and let's see if the obliques are involved at all. Yeah, I guess nominally, though not even. The leg race stuff actually trains your hip flexor, this is all fucking nonsense. I've been hate everything. Yeah, like ladies, if it looks like a bunch of bebop or hopping around bullshit, looks easy and fun, it's not going to get you in shape in an efficient manner. If it looks full range of motion, brutal, multiple sets to failure with compound progressive resistance, it's going to get you in great shape. But that does not appeal to the TikTok crime, doesn't it? Take this your only workout routine for a week and watch your entire body change. Your body won't change in a week. Guys, stop doing shit for a week or ten days or two weeks and expecting results. The shit takes weeks and months, come on. Dancing is fun, I'll give you that. You will not lose 114 pounds just dancing. Almost always and almost ever have to control your diet as well. Or a p-diet coach app, link in description. Kill me. Lose your back fat, spot reduction doesn't work, losing your back fat can only happen if you eat a little bit less, keep your movement going and lift weights to prevent muscle loss. This, 100 reps every day for 14 days bullshit guys. If you see XYZ reps every day for XYZ days, you are being scammed. This is the worst of TikTok scamming your ass. What the f- was that? Also the muscles involved aren't even your lower back, your lower back is isometrically contracting to position you there. You'll lose more fat, you know what f- me, I don't even know I bother. But I thought King Sugar was healthier than the bad industrial sugar. Oh no. How do they get the color in all these? Well it's with our good old friend, artificial coloring like red number 40. Which is vetted in multiple studies to be perfectly safe and has no interference effect on almost anything. Which is actually abandoned other countries. Oh my god. Do you guys know that civil liberties in their entirety are banned in half of the world? Do you guys know that they throw gay people off of rooftops in Iran? Should we start doing that here too? The banned in not a country's argument is the dumbest shit I have ever heard in this world. What about science? Is this just a popularity contest? Oh but you know in the countries of Europe we don't allow this to not do gannick stuff. Yes you guys also banned AI and now you have one frontier AI lab in the whole world is leaving you behind. Oh but we can still smoke a cigarette good. Because it's derived from petroleum. Scott anything derived from petroleum because I don't know any chemistry and I just know alchemy. It's gotta be bad right? It's petroleum bad. Bad. It's like drinking gasoline or something. But you might be having the sugar free alternative. Well those are made from superlose and ASK. We didn't know how to say that we're dating. Too horribly devastating, artificial sweet. They're not horribly devastating. There's some of the safest artificial ingredients ever made. There's some of the safest food ingredients ever made. They have no dependable downsides. Period. You're a f***ing liar or you're just dumb. Which one is it? You p*** liar? Uninformed. I shouldn't have said dumb. Three categories. One liar, blissfully ignorant, though confident, and an idiot. One, two, three, a shit man. You can even mix and match Bobby Parish. No offense. All vibes all love and respect. All jokes man. Open up a science book for the love of God. I'm back to my old bullshit, Huskot. I knew what would get you here, honestly. We're all about positive behavior and this channel. There's a certain amount of f***ing bullshit and lies. Which gets us into war mode. We're in war mode. This is me. This is us earning our singing for our supper, how daddy. Yes, sir. And then today I home with this singer, Chess. Yes, I'm killing man. I knew we had to get to this one. VR calistetics. When real calistetics are too hard, you simulate them. Okay, some kind of dildo, double dildo apparatus. Absolutely love this thing. Hashtag, Chess, Hashtag, Arms. Hashtag, Chess, Workout. Hashtag, Armworkout. Absolutely hate you. You can hit the middle. You can do the upper chest. You can do the lower chest. Okay, zero tension with the stretch. Tiny amount of tension with contraction. Try using this to get close to failure. It's impossible. You've been doing a thousand reps. Insufficiently loaded. This is essentially a toy that has no function whatsoever. If you want to switch it up to simulated peck deck, cold the outer ones and do some chest flies like this. But not only that, it's a arm trainer too. So just put these. Great, so it's the hardest at the top. No force at the bottom. Again, this is the opposite of the force curve we want. So this is dog shit. Also, what happens when I get stronger? How do I make this harder? The answer is there's no way to do it. Wait, but there's a spring sale, Scott, and I can help this gentleman monetize. It's a nice bicep cruise in here. You know, Scott, that it's a good workout when you can talk through it without losing your breath. The contraction you get with this thing at the very top, that's the most important. Literally, it's the least important. Got to make sure you're squeezing. Scott, when you're giving someone a device for how to give you a hand job, make sure your squeezing is excellent advice. Isn't it? No. Nice. Not too much. Not too much. Unless I'm in that pain area of my life, and then too much. Ha ha ha. As well as with the chest, make sure you hold in that contraction to get the most out of it. Now, okay. To get the most out of the worst part of the movement, thanks buddy. That's it. Ha ha. Ha ha. Folks, I've had more than a few people ask me how to become a content creator. You need content to create. We zoom in and what is that content? It should be scientifically based. Sorry, not even scientific based. Effective and well communicated. The communication I'm here is just fine. The effective part is completely missing. Moving around in dumb ass ways, pointlessly, gets to a teeny teeny benefit. Going to the gym, doing four range of motion resistance training with dumbbells, cables and machines, progressing through that to add reps or load, challenging every set to get close to failure. And over time, increasing how much of that you do, plus needing a really good diet at the same time, that is what is going to get your results. Anything shy of that, if it doesn't meet those criteria, is going to get you either no results or way worse results. And remember, your time is the most important thing that you have. If you piss away a lot of time, doing dumb shit, you'll have less time with which to do smart shit and plenty of regret. I know I'm being mean today, because this is stupid and I hate it. Now I hate myself. I rate TikTok, dog shit, pile of flaming poop and rubber tires all burning at the same time out of 10. I've been doctor my, I'm gonna go dunk my face into a whole thing of the ice cubes, make something happen. I don't know, I'll see you guys next time. Ooh, that was fun. Scott, do you feel ticked or talked? Well, definitely talk. Ah, yes, the talk feeling. Guys, if you want more of that feeling in this video right here, you can click on, but if not, then just stare into a white wall and wonder why the hell you ever did this to yourself. That's what I'm doing after this. You guys next time.