Good if a soft hand off, f***ing Christ. I don't know what kind of bar that is, but that bar is permanently bent and will never work after this lift ever again. Three, who'd have tried to stand up with that much weight. He just muscles the ship. This is a person who can press more than any living human. I think ever, and there's no supportive equipment, it's just him. That is a whole different level of style. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I've been a long time college professor of exercise sports science, competitive bodybuilder, Brazilian Gizzi Grappler, and former Mediocre power lifterin. Today, we are going to look at some of the all time biggest lifts in every category in a bunch of them anyway, from the world and time. And talk about why they look different, what's probably more legit and what's less legit, and how to understand how difficult the ship really is. Three, two, one, PR or ER. Okay, this is Jimmy Colbs, 1400 pound bench press world record attempt. You know you're lifting a lot when your spotter has a lifting belt on. Okay, so before I say anything, you could be like Mike Haldam. I thought the bench press world record was like something like literally half of this number. Like 700 pounds and you're completely correct. There is a thing that is not so done anymore, it's quite rare. Called power lifting equipment. This means squat suit, bench press shirt or deadlift suit. These are special, very tight, very stretchy, but hard to stretch fabrics that you put on. And as you go down in the shirt, the shirt's fabric stretches a ton and it's all shrug strong. And so it reduces how much weight you actually have to push yourself the lower you go. So while at the top of one of these lifts, you're basically lifting all 1400 pounds. At the very bottom of one of these lifts, you're lifting actually in oftentimes a negative amount, because you have to pull your shirt, you pull your bar into the shirt to actually touch your chest for it to be called a legal lift. I know, it's crazy. Let's see how things progress. Scott, you see how his lat and shoulder meat is distinctly more red than the rest of him. Equip lifting is f***ed up. Like imagine having half a fork lift on your ass, you would turn red too. All right, so he's going down. We're trying to check to see if he actually touched. It's close. It's close. And then one thing you guys will notice is that the amount of downward bar movement is tiny. The amount of lateral bar movement towards his belly and then back is massive. And so the total number of inches that he's moving 1400 pounds is like just a few. Is that like cooking the rule book? Sure. Is arching in the bench unethical? I'm not getting into that debate. I can get into that debate. We don't have to do it. Is he seemingly following the rules of his Federation to complete a technically successful lift? Absolutely. 100%. Is equipped lifting because it kind of looks goofy in some cases for everyone? No. Really it's for the most hardcore people. But most people like Rawlifting are minimally cool of lifting with a range of motion or bigger. The lockouts and hand-offs are more crisp. Scott, is that what we're looking at next? Yes. Okay, let's see what's up next. All right. Wait, what? Julius Maddox is on his own shit recently. I believe he's Puerto Rican, which helps on these kinds of endeavors. Julius Maddox is the greatest bench presser of all time. I think it's fair to say. And this unofficial word record, though. I know it's going to be super clean. 796 pounds. What? Rawlifting is Raw. This is Raw. He has a tank top on. Julius Maddox is as legit as it gets. This is a person who can press more than any living human. I think ever. And also, his spotter is enormous. He's the thing, guys. If you're going to bench a lot, your spotter is better. He's in Jacked. He's also not using the support rack Scott. Think about back. He's all on him and his really Jacked spotter. Let's find out how this goes. Bit of a soft hand-off. I can cry. So can we rewind that? That's Nirely. Let me tell you right in this video where I know that he's really strong right there. Scott right there if I put, you get all the light drive you want. I put 796 into your hands. Right from that lockout position. He's like third of the way to the finish line. Are you locking it out? I mean, you probably could. I won't. He just muscles the shit. And there's no support of equipment. It's just him. That is a whole different level of strong. Scott, can I ask you a question? Yeah. If you're going to be putting out a banson jacket as Derek Wilcox calls it and doing a lot of prices, do you think that you would ever become dehydrated? It's very possible. Yes. Letting in that suit it's hot in the gym. Yeah, down south. Yeah. And do you think that drinking water would fix that problem totally? No. Because you know a secret that it's not just the water that leaves your muscles and makes you dehydrated, it's electrolytes as well. The proper combination of salts plus fluids is how you rehydrate the best. And with our sponsor element, you can do just that. Did the element folks forget that there are few extra letters in the work element that they missed? Yes. Do we think they still make an amazing product that you just pour into your shaker? Shake up with protein and carbs. And now your shake is ultimately rehydrating as well as an anabolic? Yes. Element, think in description. Awesome. What I typically like to do with it is make a whole bunch of element turn on my only fans camera feed and just pour it all over my naked body in the bathroom. Nice. I'm not sure what that is doing with rehydration, but it makes me feel nice. All right. Let's go do more lifting. Guess who it is? It's Mike's generic Nordic accent. Ha ha ha. Is that one of your favorites, Scott? Yeah. Look, check this out. My name is Haftur Julius Björnson. And if I was to ever catch Dr. Mike Makenys, conjokes about me because I'm from Iceland, I'd repiss to Pajoulex office, to Pajou body. Whoa, Haftur, why you got to make it racial? Because you did it first. You think you have funny accent that sounds sort of Icelandic, sort of Norwegian, kind of maybe Swedish, live bit to Finnish percolé, but maybe nothing in between because you're actually down. This hack could be a real actor or comedian so you sit down. You fat. And you make videos of a very low ROI and nobody cares about you to talk to Thor. Thor, holy shit, bro. Can we just review your deadloft video? Cause you're the best deadloft of all time. Okay fine, but shut up about it. Cool. Haftur Julius Björnson, one of the strongest humans that has ever lived. Six foot nine, four hundred and forty pounds. Hey, Scott, what would you do if he at your girl RN? Nothing. Yes. Nothing is the right answer. So this is Haftur Julius Björnson deadlifting one thousand, one hundred and thirteen point three pounds. Matt Bam, there's freedom units, which is also a very neat five hundred and five kilograms. Breaking is prior record of five hundred and one kilogram, which broke prior Eddie Hall's record of five hundred kilograms and let me say something really quick. Eddie Hall was the first person ever to strong man rules, which means you get a suit and you get wrist wraps, deadlift 500 kilos and thus he is immortalized forever in strength history as one of the greatest of all time. The first human to deadlift 500 kilograms is something no one can ever take away from Eddie Hall. Oh, Scott, unless we get like a time machine or something. And you're like, hey, and he's like, oh, yeah, I'm going to win. Cut it off. And well, can you're like, Mike, that's not even like a sto-contrent accent. You saying all English, it, the, well, Shen Irish people, the same accent. Yeah, sure. I don't care about that. It's me time, it's time for Thor. Okay, fine, fine. So let's take a look at this. He's got a double-plice suit on, remember from powerlifting and he has straps all the way cinch to the bar. This basically allows you to just real lifting strength versus just grip strength. To be completely honest, almost everyone is limited by their grip to some extent in the deadlift. I'm not saying that all powerlifting federations should allow straps. That would be ridiculous. It really is kind of weird. But in strong end edlift, they do allow this. And the cool thing about a strong end edlift is this, which with the same bar and the same height as a regular deadlift, with the same rules for everything else, just the only exception is they get to use straps. And so you really get to see like how strong are these guys with their hips, legs, and back. And the answer is, can we're taking a look at this? Yeah! He just keeps going. In Iceland, there's actually no word for stopping like a little bit of a bitch. And there's 18 trillion words in our language for being a conviking baller and deadlifting God. Oh, thanks. Thanks, though, that was really excellent. Amazing. And because you're a baller-pimp, you stand there to demonstrate that this ain't shit, homies, we out here, baby. I mean, what are you going to do after deadlifting the world record other than like victory pose? Throw away your note pad and your excel sheets. The RP high-perchography app has all of your workouts displayed in one place, with guided videos on exercise techniques and a program that evolves to better suit your needs, the longer you use the app, all you have to do is follow the plan right on your phone and get the gains. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. So now we have some other fun deadlifts of note since that was okay. Okay, biggest one. Now some fun deadlifts of note. Let's take a look at these. Oh, by your request. By my request. What about 1,000 pound deadlift alleged? Yes, so this is Valentin Jekool. Dekool. There's a lot of fun ways to say his name and Russian that would be nice. Apparently, film the 1999 from what I understand, strength experts and historians, though asking someone like Derek Wolkox or Eric Holmes would probably be good at both PhDs, actually. I believe these lifts are fake. Valentin was a famous circus strongman who did lots of not-reel lifts. And so let me see if I can embarrass myself by trying to ascertain based on kind of kinematic properties of how the weight moves. If it looks fake to me. So okay, he's lined up there. All right. Yeah. Sting camera angles to show that. Interesting camera angle. And also the lift is quite fluid. And where he struggles in the lift seems like a faking it struggle rather than a real struggle. You'll have the lift come up much faster from the floor. Really tough around the knees. The rest of the lockouts typically very smooth. He never rounded his back. If you round your back, the lockout can be a bit more precarious. But here it's kind of like that one third of the way to the finish point. It kind of stops and keeps going again. I call bullshit on that. So I think these are fake lifts. If I'm wrong, when you see them, so goddamn sorry, you truly are a pimple. And one of the strongest humans to ever do the thing. But gee, this is kind of why you have to do this in formal competition. Now, see if it's 1999 that he did this. There was plenty of power lifting to be down. There's plenty of world competitions. He could have just showed up and just become the world champion. And one of them, the fact that he didn't do a little bit suspicious, he is wearing an awesome Russian sailor shirt, which is in classic. So he gets some evidence there. Yeah, I don't know how many people would lower the weight like that or have the energy for it. He's also wearing weightlifting shoes. Interestingly enough, which is really ballerweight. It makes the deadlift even harder. But there's a lot of stuff here that just doesn't line up. Yes, Blair. Yeah, cheering to no one. I don't know about this, man. I don't know about this at all. Oh, yeah. I didn't really get one in here. The RIDM Civic. It doesn't matter what you're up to. People in Eastern Europe are always going to find wacky things to do to make you seem like you're just regular. So this text, I copied for made up from this video title. By the way. I love it. It's a nice round year. 1896 pounds. It's like something maybe happened in 1896. Like the deadlift was invented or something. Partial deadlift world record, again, unofficial world record because the partial deadlift is not a contested lift. The best thing about this is a few things. One, I don't know what kind of bar that is, but that had to be custom manufactured. Two, that bar is permanently bent and will never work after this lift ever again. Three, there's only like three millimeters of space where the bar touches the rack because it's already so bent there. It doesn't even lay flat on the rack. This is wild. Because he's going to be able to do this, I'll tell you why. This is an incredibly short range of motion at a massive leverage advantage. This way you better compare to something like the back lift where you basically get under something heavy and you lift your hips up and your back and kind of just push it off. Then it would be compared to a deadlift. So not much to do with a deadlift, but let's see what he's up to here. Wow, yeah, just look, okay, Scott, let's give him some slack. Who would have tried to stand up with that much weight? Yeah, I see. I mean, he did move it like three or four inches. That's like, I legit man, call that. What the fuck? Ruh. Folks, there is still more video to come, but we have a member section where there's a longer, uncut version of this video and tons of other goodies, tons of my training, Jared feathers, training tons of science videos, getting the membership, it's a teeny bit of money, a ton of bit of value. All right, active video. All right, Nathan Baptist, which is sweet name, is squatting the world record, equipped. Remember, different standards, different judging, slightly different rules set. All of 580, 4.7 kilograms, Scott, do you, what do you think about this lettering that was chosen? It's awesome. Very Hitler, but not great for reading. 1,311 pounds. Again, getting under a bar like that and standing up out of the rack with it is something I can't do and most people can't do and it'll crush him kill most people. This is already kind of wacky in the best possible way. And Nathan Baptist been eaten. Holy shit. He probably weighs 400 plus. He has an insert vast design, singlet on, or sorry, squat suit. Probably multiply. Probably has briefs underneath that, making it three-plies total. And Scott, his knee wraps. We could wrap around your whole body like a f***ing mummy and you would still get lost in the shifts. I'm a big ass knees. All right, let's see how this looks. Yeah. Look, as far as total baller manhood strength, that's a year 11 out of 10. As far as squat depth by any judging standard that you can see inside of a rulebook, this ain't it, like, just a half squat. And people say, like, oh, you have to see the side angle. I don't. This is not a full squat to depth. This has nothing to do with Nathan whatsoever. The only arbiter, if it's a good squat or not, are the judges to give white lights or red lights. This federation that he's lifting with should they be having a discussion with their judges? Maybe. Or they're just going on vibes at this point in which all of it are spent. All right. And then we have Ray Williams. Scott, he might have done more than this since maybe, maybe I'm hallucinating that. But this is his 1,080 pound raw squat, which means what he's a knee sleeve, not even knee reps. So he's getting maybe 10 or 20 pounds out of his knee sleeves and he has a single it on. And the rest is made up for with pure black athletic dominance. That's right. I said, don't you dare edit that out. So this is with very, very strict judging. You guys are going to see that Ray Williams dunks this into the fking basement. Let's go. 477 moves well. So let's go. Right. I'm all. Also, it's very unusual for people to spend that much time underneath a bar of that heavy, getting psyched up. Ray has so much strength that he can just do that and catch that mental wave. Because here's the thing, when you get so much weight on you, you have to really come to like a very explicit point of ultra high, oomph in your head before you move it. Because if you go down with that much weight with anything other than a thousand percent conviction of your own superiority and infinite strength, your body's like this, it's just wants to get out. It's not going to lift the weight. This is what it takes to go to that next level. Big breath in. Holy shit. Man, convincingly below parallel. Even did a double knee band line not. And that's it. Wow. Come on judges. This is good way. Yes. Got it. Thank you, God. Yeah, I remember when this happened and it was a really big deal because Ray Williams is like the rebirth. This is maximum human strength that people just don't come much stronger than us. This is totally wild. The number of people that raw with no knee wraps can do some lift like this, numbers into the several human beings ever. So this is totally wacky. Folks, that is all we have for you for today. Every single lifter that we have illustrated gets hard on ending maximum respect. These people are strong. Whether they go equipped, raw anything between unreal efforts. It just takes tons of balls to do this. And all the rest of us can do is, um, I don't know. I'll just be like, you know. But I also have feelings. And I matter, right? Not really. Guys, powerlifting is dope. I would recommend you look into it. It dumped heels really well with getting jacked. It's an amazing sport. Tons of abilities to compete. Tons of great powerlifting clubs around. Check it out. And remember, when you think you're really strong and got a big ego, Google the world records, Google the videos and realize that maybe you're really the man. But it's unlikely. And I'll see you guys next time. Bye. That was fun. I'm feeling strong with no. Oh, Ronnie got out. Anyway, if you want more Ronnie or anything else, really, get him jacked. That video right there might help you out. See you next time.