573 seeded press. There's no context for this Scott. It's an allergy. Woo! Julie's Maddox 700 and 5 pounds in Client Bench Press Fail. Scott, this doesn't hurt anyone, doesn't it? Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP's Strength. I am a longtime professor of exercise science. Brazilian Jutsu Black Belt and I have competed in powerlifting before it was a long time ago. I competed in bodybuilding nowadays and I know a good man. I'm a big fan of the band. When I see me one, I tell you what, brother. And today, our special virtual guest studies and person we talk about behind their back is Mr. Julius Maddox. Who happens to be the human who has bench press the most weight with his own two hands that press. At an astounding gazillion pounds. It's 782 pounds. We're going to take a look at that video. We're going to hear him talk about training. It's going to be awesome. And when I said we're talking behind his back, he doesn't know about this. So don't tell him. He's a very, very large. I would be fearing for my safety. Although we will say if you'll quite safe talking behind his back, because there's like a band in planets and space stations back here. Do I see how awesome his back is? It's enormous. I, it's huge. Three, two, one. Huge. Let me really quickly put into perspective what is happening. Every single video you have ever seen of a weight of this heavy and a ball is done with power lifting equipment, special, supportive shirts. It's called a shirt, but it's really this whole technical thing that have essentially huge rubber bands stretchy material in them that help you on the way down and help you on the way up and add hundreds of pounds to your bench press. The number of people that you have ever seen bench press this much weight with just a single it and a t-shirt on is precisely zero because Julia's Maddox is the strongest bench presser of all time, but I'm not done. It's not that the guy behind him is doing 781 and that five people last year did 780 pounds, no, no, not even close. There are a handful of people on this earth and I mean like in one hand that have ever benched over 700 raw ever. The number of people who can bench reliably in competitions 600 plus raw is a handful of people a few dozen people might be able to do that reliably with an any given one year time frame. At his level in the high 700's, Julius Maddox is all by himself. This is a generational talent playing in simple. Let's watch him work. Hey, and that's our friend Andy doing the hand off. Scott, you noticed that? That huge Asian guy in Instagram. He really is that huge Asian guy and he is enormous and strong but compared to Julia's Maddox, a lot of people end up looking quite normal. By the way, for the record, Andy's like 270. So, how come he doesn't look 270 because Julia's Maddox has got to know how much he weighs. This is a 42430. 42430, a real grown man's weight. We also call the average Icelander. Christ, that commanding lockout. None of this. Okay, take it. Just boom, both in elbows. I mean, to say that you don't see this regularly, I mean, you don't see this ever or what I'm trying to say. Out of this world. Life 73 seated press. There's no context for this Scott. It's an out of control. Yeah. Oh, Russ Roney. Oh, I tell you what man. Yeah, you better impress me by the 5003 pounds. Now, Scott, I forget. How many missiles in here is if I won? With it seven? No, no, no, it was Arnold. No, when the bit of 70 was eight. Do you think Ronnie would ever swear like that? Scott, he's a good person. I've never heard him swear. I love him. Yeah, my impression of Ronnie is much worse person than Ronnie. Cause I'm a worse person than Ronnie. Let's just see this. Ah! Scott, he would touch just chin, right? Yeah. Can we get another look at that real friend? I wonder if. Chin level. Here you go. Here, I would be more impressed, certainly if he's a sender all the way to touching his clavicles or at least the interest in the world. Yeah. That's, this is nuts. And another thing I want you guys to, to take a look at, the amount of muscle size in his triceps, biceps, shoulders and especially pecs. And not the width necessarily. But the thickness, Scott, look at his upper pecs and tell me a bullet would go through that if you shot it. No, he's thick boy. Holy shit, that's what with huge bench pressures you often see is the thickness front to back of their pecs is totally mind boggling, different level. Moving the point that contract altitude was what lifts weights, muscles lift weights. And if you want to be a big boy and lift big weights, you got to eat big, you got to train big, and you got to put on some serious size. You do not get to benching seven-hour pounds, you're shit not damn near eight-hour pounds by being small. Oh, busted. Little cookie on the way to the gym. I've seen it all, motherfucker. God, I'm done it. All right. Press me back in 2003, Mr. Lim, I'm done. Eight hundred pounds. Oh, seriously. Guys, I have a confession. I have watched so many Ronnie Coleman-means of his various gym sayings. I have almost nothing in my head other than that. So like, yeah, butter, pound bleed. Time to show God how's going to be done. Got away from you. Big old fish. All that. Water leaves my head. There is only one king in his name is Ronnie. Julius Maddox, 700 and five pounds, incline bench press fail. Time to show God how's going to be done. Scott, this doesn't hurt anyone, doesn't. Yep, so you guys can see the injury occurred on the descent. That is scariest. That is why side-spotting, by the way, is way better than just having one spotter because at least that guy can sort to push the weight off. When we look at Julius Maddox doing 705 pounds in the incline and catching an injury just barely on the way down, I might add, to you this might seem insane. Like, how the, but he benched like damn near 800, how is he getting hurt on one rep? Because it's 705 pounds. Shit, bees, different. Baddox, press me. Oh, do that guy, Scott, the guy in the blue shirt with, I must admit enormous arms. He's like, alright, I got this and then he's like, wait a minute, this is 330 pounds that I'm trying to curl out of the way. And look at the guy, do who's a sumo deadlifting on the other end there. The guy in the black shirt, he's like, look at his face, he's like, I don't know if we're gonna save Julius's leg from this. Yeah, so there, you can see what happened. The accident happened in 2022, MRI showed a tear of three bands, three bands in his rotator and left bicep. Now he's fully recovered. I'll say that's one of the, worship can happen to you in the bench press. But it's a fully evolved pectendon. You're almost certainly never in the modern times, futuristic bullshit aside. You're not gonna bench again, heavy. It's not gonna happen. Bicep's tendons can be repaired and they're only synergistic stabilizers in this movement. They're not actively generating a ton of force to contribute to the movement. So that's okay. Rotator cuff, that kind of stuff can heal, although it can feel really wacky for a while. Oh my god, this sucks, injury suck. Well, thanks, that nice young lady just did it with one hand. All right. That's like a more stuff. I was wondering, I'm gonna show you weight in nowadays. I'm gonna go forward, roughly between going 30, 40, 40, 40, 60, so on between, you know, how tall? 6, 3, and a half. Let's go and check it. No, I'm gonna get out of my face. Check this. And then he's like, check what? And you just stand there, all tough, Scott, do you think that would work? I mean, if you're in Julius's size, yes. Oh, you see. It's gonna do. Throw away your note pad and your excel sheets. The RP-high-perchography app has all of your workouts displayed in one place with guided videos on exercise techniques and a program that evolves to better suit your needs, the longer you use the app, all you have to do is follow the plan right on your phone and get the gains. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. If you're my size, he's like, no, you're gonna do it. I'm like, okay, mister, you seem quite large. Let's do it. About six foreign shoes. I don't know if this is gonna work, but... They might break it work. Let's see if it does. I'm gonna break this. Yeah, that's good. Good enough. So this size, clip we already talked about as size, but this is very important to set up the next clip. Okay, that's the happened. Okay, 430-ish pounds. Okay, I will rest in time. This is a meeting. Okay, I'm gonna go ahead and move on. Okay, okay. Hey, look at these hands. Yeah. I'm doing this, huh? Ah! What? Folks, if you haven't seen our Andre's Maya video, we have one. It's right here. Give it a click. The Russians always come up with some freaky shit. I got the low end of that gene pool. Scott, his 4-finger looks like a banana. It looks like you're holding your grandma's hand or something. Yes, like what? And that's, Julia's the 6-4. Like what? Oh God, that's not his 4-finger Scott. That's his middle finger. Yeah, yeah. Oh my God. Can you see his 4-finger just poking out of it? Yeah. That's sort of you've... Wow. That's wild. That's insane. All right. We're going to work up to about 700 pounds for some reps. Hopefully we hit a PR today. Hey, people that don't warm up. You're no better than Julius Maddox and he starts with the bar. That is my entire argument. Go warm up. Oh. Whoa, Scott, is this accessory work? Is he just warming up so warm up? Very cool. So here's the thing, guys. Warm ups, escalate, potentially exponentially, definitely at least linearly with how much weight you're lifting. Here's what I mean by that. If you're going to curl the 15s, what you might do is nothing at all and just start curling the 15s. What you might do is curl the 15s for 5. Rack little by substratial and moving around and then hit it for, you know, sets of 10, sets of 15, whatever you're going to. Or you might just like lift the 2 1 1 halfs or even the 5s for a few reps that just kind of moving around, rest a little bit, hit the 15s and then go. When you are benching close to 700 pounds, there may be a sum total of like 10 warm upsets to get you there. It might be some stuff with dumbbells, it might be some mobilization drills, it might be starting at the bar and adding a plate for a rep or two each time all the way up to 675, God knows. The amount of warming up physically tissue-wise you have to do when your enormous is bigger. The amount of potentiation of waking up your nervous system, you need for one rep max limits is all of it. So you can't scrape anything by and the safety margin you get off of better technique and the more lifting margin, of course. And off of the fact that you're physically warmer and your tissues are more pliable is enormous and worth every single thing. So if you're looking at this like, dude, it's guys gonna be warming up forever. That's true. You don't need to do that if you're deadlifting 315. If you're deadlifting 315, pull 135 for a set of 10, pull 225 for a set of five, put 315 on, do it for a single or double, leave it alone, do rest two or three minutes, then, you know, put on your verse of ribs, get in there and just start and man handling it for whatever set of eight or 10 that you want it to do. That's totally cool. But if you're benching 700 pounds, I mean, you're gonna be in the gym for a while just to get to benching 700 pounds, I used to do a lot of training with Mr. Chad Wesley Smith, it's one of the greatest power lifters of our modern era. And he, I watched him work up to 700 plus for reps in the squat on his way to squatting, I think 90, 90 at a meet. And I swear to God, I had done half of my leg workout. It was 45 minutes into Chad's workout. When he finally did his last warm-up set before the actual squat sets had begun. It was 45 minute warm-up, guys. He didn't do any kind of weird mobilization, anything he could have and that would have been totally fine as that level, your body needs what it needs. He just hung out in the power rack and put one plane on a side squat on it, rest it for a while. His thing is relative to other big power lifters and Chad at the time, wait about 350 pounds. Chad is actually really high work capacity and moves fast. A lot of other guys move way slower. There's a thing in power lifting where you will do one and a half hours of warm-up plus one or two or three attempts at a heavy lift. And then the rest of the 30 minute at the gym for that sum total of two hours, you do like a couple sets of 10 and accessory work. That's all. Warming up is incredibly important, the heavier you go. Period. Folks, back to the video in just a second, but if you want a longer, less edited, more perverse version of this video, tons of awesome extras, like in the gym training footage of myself and Jared Feather, I-FB pro, you can find it in our member section, which is just to click away. All right, back to the video. What's up? It's so odd Scott to see 225 move like the bar. In the bench press, that's weird. That's weird. Has he, do we have any videos of him doing 225 for reps? No, I don't know if you noticed how that was actually leaving his hand. Did you see that? No, can we go back? No. Oops. No, I'm sorry. I love it. I love it. Listen, out, 315, you guys will notice he starts to incorporate leg drive. Leg drive is a big part of competition benching because what allows you to do is to start, you basically push a pulse of energy, using your legs, your glutes, your quads, and you push into the ground. And the way physics works with every action as an equal and opposite reaction is you get roughly equivalent pulse of energy back up through your body. Like the reason you jump is you push into the ground and the ground pushes back and then you jump, right? So you push into the ground at precisely the time that the pulse is time to travel through up your knees through your quads up through your belly and the pulse of force ends up at the same time at your chest level as the bar is leaving your chest. So what ends up happening is a lot of that energy, not all of it, but some of that energy that you pushed into the ground with leg drive is converted into vertical force off of your chest. So leg drive bounces the bar, pushes the bar, launches the bar, off of your chest, that plus your triceps, front melts and chest is where most of bench pressing force comes from. Here's the thing, probably like man, 85, 90% roughly off-hand of the force comes from your pushing muscles, chest, shoulders, triceps. Something like five and in some really, really elite people that have really worked out of leg drive, 15%, five to 15% of the force to have a completed bench comes from leg drive, leg drive is big. And so at Julius's level, if he didn't use leg drive, he might be good for in excess of 600 pounds. He might even be good for damn near 700, but 782's not gonna happen for him unless he uses leg drive. And the best way to use leg drive to develop strong leg drive, as remember, he's a giant person whose legs are plenty strong enough, no doubt without training legs, he could leg press 1500 pounds for reps, no big deal, he has to walk around at 424, his legs are strong as well. And we're not, it's not a max effort push, cause it would slide you across the bench and everything would go straight to hell. It's a little bit of a pulse, he's more than strong enough. The thing with leg drive is technique. You have to practice light benches, moderate benches, and heavy benches with leg drive to get the timing right and to get that motion right. And if you don't practice constantly for weeks and weeks and recently months and years, you won't get as much leg drive to convert into actual pounds on the bar. Me personally, I barely know how to use leg drive. Back when I was a competitive pilot for, I just did static benches, I never used leg drive in my, when I transitioned to bodybuilding, that didn't hurt because I was just like, well, that's the same thing except for more reps. But if I was going to try to be the best bench presser that I could, leg drive is something that I have to master and there's no way to master it without practicing it a lot. So you'll notice on what's got, is this in my hallucinating or is this 405? Yeah, sure, shit is. So you think 405 is so far below as max, because this is basically like a little bit over 50% of as one run max. So why the f-ca's using leg drive look really using leg drive 405? Yes, because he's practicing for using leg drive for 500, 600, 700 and damn your eight or pounds. So easy. Easy. Scott, I want a neck like that. What do I have to do to get a neck like that? That don't impress me. If you were like, hey, um, might go a go choke him out, I'd be like, but, huh. Christ. You guys can see that hole. You can see the pulse travel through his body and end up in the bar. Love it. Woo. Five, eight, five. Five, eight, five. But we'll have you. Scott, you and I are staring at this through like eight different monitors like two years of time separation. It still freaks me out. Yeah, I mean, when did you ever go in the gym and see five guys spot a good bench press? To pair a phrase net, but in eight days, you don't. Or if it's like some TikTok or an just free and it's not spotting or just bunch of dudes around, this is the opposite of that. Ah! No! My God! Scott, what point do you bench 700 for a rap and you're like, I can keep going? That's, it doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense. And if you're on look at each of this, like it looks like a pretty empty gym here. But if you're like looking on from the side, you're gonna be like, oh my God, this guy's gonna one-remax. As soon as he hits that second rap and then that third, I think that's like that, what's that guy that did, uh, that did all the clock, stuff, the melting clocks, Salvadoranoli. Yeah. That's when you're framed, your vision turns into Salvadoranoli painting and everything just slips out. You're like, I don't know. Just, how is this happening? Here we're doing ice-thometric presses for about five or six weeks out from a meat. So basically, you are pressing against for something that you cannot move. And behind that is, you're getting the most muscle recruitment as possible. We want to generate the most motor unit as we can. And we do that by pressing against the pins. You place up bench and a rack. You set the pins about three to four inches from lockout. You press against the pins. Rest for about three or four minutes. Repeat about three or four times. If you want to increase your bench press and cooperate with these, this is all out, give it all, you got a type of exercise. And if you implement it right, like you should literally leave the gym extremely fatigue and be sore for days after. If it's done, right. Scott, those poor goddamn pins. Like excuse me, sir, you're bending our equipment. He's like, I didn't leave a bunch of weight on it. I get it. You're strong enough to bend it with a bar. Like, I'm sorry. This is wild pin presses in this fashion absolutely do work. The real cool story here is the risk to you injury wise from your own muscles pulling apart under the load is there. The risk of the weight hurting you is G-0 because 45 pounds under any, truly, it's not as lost as arms. He could still bench 45 pounds. So the good news is it's really easy to set up. It's really, really safe. And it gives you an opportunity to just, getting a work that'll lock out. Now you can do it at the bottom too. Work that maximum attempt to generate as much force as possible without any of the downsides and risks and honestly with zero spotters. So if you're a person that's training by themselves and kind of like a little shaky setup, you can do reps on your own with some good safety supports. You can do sets of two or three on your own, but maybe unwraking for singles is something you only like. Do you know in a case you when you have a spotter, you can still do high level neurological work. Joe has managed to talk about motor units, completely correct there. You can recruit the highest threshold motor units, synergize and synchronize your whole nervous system to press as much as possible for like, well, six seconds at a time, which is the total length of time you would be moving. You know, when you're an accident, that will have an effect. The only thing I have to say is this fatigues your nervous system like crazy, the nervous system including your brain, because your brain's like, dude, I'm trying my hardest, hardest, hardest, hardest for a media. I don't know, 18 total seconds in a workout, guys. That's a lot. Max muscle recruitment is incredibly fatigued in process. So be careful as to how you dose this, start with just a wrap here and there, every few weeks, and it may be impressive and something that seems to be benefiting you. And this is also a thing that transfers its training most when you're closer to a competition. Like Julia said, five or six weeks out, this is the time to incorporate that careful with the dosing. You don't want to do too much of that, and actually have your bench press go down because you have too much fatigues. But in a right balance of bench pressing and doing pin presses and things of that nature, your overall stimulus could be amazing. Your fatigue and the joints could be a little bit lower and thus the total result can be really, really good. That don't impress me. Folks, Julia's Maddox, phenomenal to get an insight on a training, phenomenal to see some of his best lifts. This is a generational talent and is the greatest bench presser of all time. Out of 10, that's the rating. Look him up, he's got great social media and honestly he seems like a very nice man. But if I saw him in the street, I would run in cry because he's scary and that's exactly what you get for Bencheng, damn near eight-harm pounds. Folks, I've been Dr. Mike, Julia's Maddox, you're the man, and I'll see you guys next time. All right, that was super fun, you guys. We got bigger chests, we benched more, we woke up and realized it was all the dream and Julia's Maddox did that all by himself. Wanna see some other shit that you could do by yourself or with a friend? This video right here might have the hook up. See you guys next time.