And up. Are you shaking? I am. My arms start to shake. No, they don't. You're not shaking. You're not in pain. You're not even working. What the f*** is going on here? What is this exercise? Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike Isrtele, a professor of sport and exercise science at Leeman College in the Bronx. And I am going to review the Kardashians training. And it's going to be amazing. No doubt. Let's get into it. And then we're going to do a little bit of exercise. Abs and upper body. Heart one. Fitt in your jeans by Friday. An interesting piratization model. Just a week long. Assuming you watch this. What did you watch this on? If you're watching it on Thursday, you're like, no, no, no, no. You guys challenge accepted. Show me what's up Kim. Alright, so we're about to work out. You can see that we got our weights. That weight is the weight of two large markers that a kindergarten would use. And she has a friend. Her friend is quite a bit larger. More robust looking. Larger bones that also has the same nominally weighted dumbbells. It's fine. What we're doing with these. Also, the workout room is an open concept luxury apartment in Venice, which is my preferred gym of choice as well. Okay. Great. Remember Kim, this is upper body. So not only are we working our arms, but we're all going to work in right here to get a nice sleek tummy. That's what you get from working out. No weight. No, that's what you get from dieting. You want a sleek core. You go to the kitchen. You walk out with a healthy snack instead of the entire world. Sorry folks. Had to pop that myth early. Which is you're very dressed appropriately. I know. I wore a corset on purpose because I always forget to suck in my tummy. Huh? Huh? My brain. Yeah, and you want to be careful to not just sucking in, but once you gain that strength, you're going to be pulling your belly button back to your spine. That's called sucking in. If you want to have this feeling of wearing a corset, that's why I always forget to hold in my core. This is a nonsense. I don't know what the point of this is. It's kind of like vacuum training, I guess. Maybe if you're really good at sucking in, you can like always be sucking in when you're in public, so that when like vanity fair snaps the wrong photo from wrong angle, you're still like, oh my god, I'm so skinny. Ha ha ha ha ha. So you go over and up. Good. Keep those hips square. Kims not keeping her hips square, but I'm just being pedantic. I'm trying to listen to the trainer lady. Legitimately, Kim is screwing up this already pointless exercise. She's doing some kind of half lunge knee bend, and she's keeping perfect eye contact with the camera, which I believe is where all of her attention is. I mean, she has like several thousand dollars of hair and makeup on. I guess put the camera where the money is. All right, both elbows hands up, crunch it front, four. It's like a standing crunch. It is. Danding crunch. Folks, sometimes I also get confused. I'll have Samarawan edibles in a, I'll forget which way gravity points. No, wait, I never forget which way gravity points, because it's a f***ing apparent. The only thing that's working in this movement is the back musculature, which is the anti crunch. This is a good way to relax your core. If you simply relaxed everything, you would be doing a crunch because gravity is doing it for you. This is pretending to lift and not actually lifting. No one is betting thinning from this at all. I'm going to have you do four more. And you really, again, you're doing a great shit. Is this the funky chicken dance? Or you just do this? It is. This is good practice for the club, but not for fitness. I see how her belly is going right back to her spine. Belly is going right back to her spine. Hey, kidneys and liver. Ah f*** out of the way. You have reach. I want you to reach beyond your foot. Feel that stretch. Use the oblique. Kim is, again, disregarding instructions. She is currently failing it even the nominal tasks assigned to her. But God damn, she looks good doing it. I feel like she tried a little fitness. And after this, she was like, let's just do it with surgery. And the doctors are like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't worry about working out anymore. Like Kim said, it's like you're doing it without the mat. It's like you're doing it without the mat or the resistance or the benefit or the challenge or the effect. So you want to make sure you're not pulling on your neck. Oh, that would be a disaster. If you pulled on your neck with dumbbell holding fingers, who knows what would happen. You could break your own neck. Just trauma surgeons are overwhelmed after this video comes out with women that have broken their own necks. My God, the humanity. And over for for keep those hips square. I like that the trainer lady finally noticed Kim wasn't keeping her hips square. She's like, look, pause the video. Kim and no were bullshitting people with this work out video. But we have to at least get the bullshit right. It comes like, how much longer am I here for? By the way, from an exercise science perspective for the general fitness enthusiast, a first time or to the gym, what has been done so far does not even qualify as a warm up yet. Not that sinkin. You're going to bring the hand to the shoulder in and out. Oh, so this I love this exercise trains what exactly? Yes, it does prepare you to do the macarina. However, again, gravity points down. Nothing points that way for swis. So this is a completely wasted point. Let's move it. That does nothing at all. And you really want to think of extending those arms long so you're lengthening the muscles. Which muscles are your lengthening exactly? The biceps and triceps, which are currently under no resistance at all. Good and working through the back. There is zero back activation doing this. No part of your back is active doing this. The back takes this upper arm and pulls it this way. That's not happening. My God. So just by holding these shoulders here, you're working them right? I'm working them. Kim's like, I'm working on. I got me. I guess she did sort of have a good point that just by isometrically keeping the shoulders in place. You're working them, but you're also totally wasting your time, effort and focus doing this bullshit. And it's just like a crime against exercise science. I think we're all witnesses. In and out. Good. Now really resist again. You guys see that? She said really resist against and she put her hand in the way. Bitch, your hand's not in normally in the way when you're also over there. Demonstrating the shit. So I'm not resisting against anything. How am I supposed to resist? You didn't give me anything to resist against. Nice supposed to be bending my knees here. Yeah. You can bend them, keep them soft. Scott's a video I told me before he killed this in. This is something that starts off terrible and gets incrementally worse. I trouble believing him. But now I'm fully in that belief. Kim's question was, am I supposed to be bending knees? I don't know. I thought we were training shoulders. I thought that means if you're thinking about your knees. Something isn't this. It's like Benching and being like, what am I supposed to do with my toes? Shut up in Bench. What the f***? Hold him up. Turn the rest of their open and what are your favorite things to do. I said. She said that sincerely. Ah, ah, ah. It's Kim a real person. I swear to God, like, a little like Bimbodal AI could do all her dialogue for her. Bits of... Your muscle is significantly bigger than when we started this. It is. What? No, it's not. Your muscle was significantly... First of all, it's called a pump. Second of all, Bits, you don't have a pump because you haven't been training. You're moving around with the equivalent of a heavy glove. I didn't even have a heavy glove. Make a winter glove. You're going to hold it out, pull the elbows into the waist. And up. Are you shaking? I am. My arms start shaking. No, they don't. You're not shaking. You're not in pain. You're not even working. What the f*** is going on here. What is this exercise? It sort of trains the front delts and... I don't really know what else? Oh my God. So now when you pull in, think of making that B-shaped. For those nice, backless dresses on the red carpet. What? Oh, they think this is a back exercise. Well, again, gravity doesn't point in that direction. If you start here and gravity pulls you down into the position, that means you don't have to do any work at all. And the muscles of the back that pull down don't do anything. How about four more for extra credit? Okay. You're going to love me when you're wearing this white arm. Get off. Yes, Kim. Your arms are going to fall off from disuse. Conscious movements. So you're not just letting the weights do the work. It's her muscles pulling. What? The f*** that I just hear. You're not letting the weights do the work. I thought that the weights are inanimate objects that sit there and resist gravity. This is nonsense at the highest possible level. Good. You're good. Yep. One more. She's finally has to counter the resistance of a large. She's like, okay, that's I feel my leg is heavier than this nominally weighted dumbbell. No hold it there and take that heel. Kick it back and now. Good. Oh, we got karate kicks. So we're working the glute, the hamstring. Okay. You're not working the glute of the hamstring because gravity again for the last f***ing time points down. What you are doing is simply that it is essentially a weightless condition extending your leg. You would get a better work out of a f***ing space shuttle. If you want to see the full uncensored version of this video, much more extra content. So I'm stuff we did not put into this video. Our members area is a for grabs. Give that a shot. And maybe we'll see you guys there. Alright. Enough of Kim. That's a hard enough workout for me to critique. Let's move on to Chloe. Cloth it. I love it. In the gym with Oh Gunner Peterson. This is a man that people say no things. Let's find out if he knows things. Chloe is a f***ing big person. God damn. I love it. Oh yeah, her ass is fake. I love her outfit by the way. God damn. The deed is just dripping off the f***ing bone. The shit. The same outfit is like an Orlando pill dealer. Adidas cap. Adidas hoodie. I'm saying to hide from the police. This is great. Yo. Legit. Chloe could kick someone's balls off their f***ing body. Like I said, this is a f***ing big bitch. This is a for real type of bitch. I love it. She's sure a ship kick. This doesn't really help you with fitness. It's also not boxing. But as far as nut kicking is concerned, A plus work. Gunner is like better be holding that ship tight and back in his dick. The f***ing up a way. He has an engine like a one foot oopsy. Goodbye, nut sack. Oh damn. She's thrown f***ing hooks and shit. I like how they skipped all the fun boxing stuff. But now it's time for the booty boost. You feel like you have a nice booty? But wait. The boost. That's what you're really in for. 15 seconds. Oh my God. I don't see flames coming off that thing. Okay. So this is an unstable isometric contraction of the gluteus max and the muscles. And all three of the types of muscle contraction that we can reasonably expect in the gym. Concentric eccentric and isometric is theoretically. And probably practical. The least one. Least likely to cause gains. And any training that you make on stable decreases the effect of the so that training. Because your muscles feel your nervous system feels the strongest when it's stable. It is more likely to really use your muscles with hard contractions that cause muscle growth and cause more fat loss and cause more strength. So they actually modified the squatting motion, which would normally be done on a flat stable surface and through a full or deep range of motion. That would be the way to get the most out of the squat. And they put her on a bocobal and had her just stand in place, which basically doubly degrades the effect of the squat. And I mean this when I say this. Only in the f***ing Hollywood. Can you take a movement that was just your bodyweight squat? And with no equipment, that would have been the superior movement. And you made it worse. You should pay money not to do this. This guy owes her like $900 worth of f***ing charges an hour. There is one way to describe her movement pattern here. Spastic. Not something you want to do in the gym. Because I don't really know what it accomplishes. If you could move that quickly under load, it's not enough load. To do anything except have you look like, I don't know, a spastic bird. Oh, obviously. You can't do this at home. The nuclear regulatory commission would never allow such high power outputs in a residential area. But you can put your pants here. You can put your pants here. You can put your pants here. She tried to let me do my job. You do your job, Chloe, which is... Let me tell you guys about the RP Hypertrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app, you can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they were written by E-personals. This app programs everything for you. Exercise is weights, sets, reps, frequency, the whole thing. After every single workout, every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now, you're pretty interested in the app. Download the RP Hypertrophy app today. Top 5 Cardassian workouts. Probably ranked in reverse. Coach Don says you need to work on you balance a little. And they put the avonics right into the ship. You know, this is terrible because there's seem like they're lunging relatively deep for Hollywood standards. I don't know what Chloe's doing, but she is having real trouble making sense of this movement. The whole BOSUball situation could be replaced with just a regular elevated platform, which is stable. And then this would actually be a front foot elevated lunge, which would be a great exercise for the glutes. But just like Hollywood always does, they kind of f*** something up and make it terrible. Don a matrix training is this company. That's a f*** dope name. Hey, so really super partial range of motion with the triceps there. It's also difficult to stabilize on an intentionally unstable surface. This is a jack. You guys see in that car in the background though, who the f*** cars? That's awesome. Where did you go? Wait, are those tiny children's toy cars? Are they in a children's playground for really rich kids? What the f*** is going on? Woo! I'm gonna throw up this random. If you've thrown up from that, you need like the f*** donated liver or some shit. It was made a decision to do playboy. Cames made a decision to playboy. Scott, do you guys have we looked under this? If we looked at her playboy spread? I have not. I just read the articles. Oh, it's Bruce Jenner. This is when he was Bruce. It's really f*** because Bruce Jenner is the greatest athlete of all time or some shit like that. Yes. And he's probably looking at this where I can be like, you guys all suck. How many calories do I need to burn to lose a pound? I don't know where he's about calories. I worry about sweat. Hell yeah, Bruce. Tell those f*** bitches. I don't really sweat that much. That's because you don't train hard. Oh, the thing is you've been sweating, working. Oh, Bruce. Get him. I love it. That's so not true. Oh my god, what are you doing here? Not working out. Yeah, let's go. What the f*** is this? Oh my god. What is that even pretending to train? You're like dripping with sweat. Oh, you're not. God damn, dude. The shit is tough to watch. Because nothing's really happening. There's no training happening. These people are getting ripped off. Hollywood? I got no idea. Why not a ten? Give me the f*** out of here.