I was trying to be nice when we started this video. I can't scot the video guy. I can't do it. This was supposed to be comedic and I'm just pissed. Hey, I'm Dr. Mike Hussertel, creator of the RPI Perchopee app and a professor of sport and exercise science, leaving college in the Bronx. In New York City, in the United States, on-planet Earth and I am willing to be critiquing comedically. I hope the Captain Marvel workout got brie-larsening to Unreal shape for her movie role Ask Captain Marvel. Let's do it. She sure does a lot of stuff. She better, she better re-trained her pretty heart. Re-came to me and good news was as we had nine months. So, nine months? That's long enough for another thing. I'm just gonna quit while I'm ahead. Behind. I will say nine months is a really long time. You can make serious changes in body composition in nine months, which is really really awesome. The sky's really lucky to have had her for that long. We wanted to get that foundational strength and movements established and that's really the best. Oh my god. Typically, when women do hip thrusts, you don't touch their bodies needlessly, you do not mount them needlessly as if in a nude position and they sure shit don't need 18 plates on each side. Most of those are tens, by the way. This is a terrible exercise choice for glute hypertrophy. Lute's typically benefit almost all muscles, training at a deep stretch. Something like a front foot elevated lunges ten times the exercise that this is. And when you do exercise, you do it with weights that are light enough that the person can do them themselves, but you have to go over them and help them awkwardly, I don't know what this is. This is weird. Help. So, we need her to be super resilient, super strong so that she can overhead lunges are cool. But it's a skill builder for overhead lunging. And unless you're trying to get good at that, which you're not, let me tell you what you're trying to do as a superhero movie character. You are trying to get juicy glutes and quads and hamstrings so people go damn because that's what your job is, you're an actor. You're not really superhero. I know it sounds crazy. And thus, just barbell lunges with a bar in your back would be superior because you don't have to do any shoulder stabilization. You can use more load that quickly gets to your glutes and stimulates them instead of having a balance of whole bunch and get good at balancing for no reason at all. And here she is pushing a Jeep impressive, I will say, but also pushing a vehicle only contract the muscles while they're shortening. It's called a concentric muscle action. And concentric muscle actions by themselves seem to not provide nearly as much muscle growth, which is probably the vast majority of the reason you're training in Hollywood because eccentric actions are much more powerful for muscle growth, pushing something is concentric only. This is a poor use of fatigue management in a training program. I just would never do this. And I knew in the movie by talking to the stunt coordinator, what was really going to be presented to her. So I wanted to give her all of the tools possible to get through this thing and really nail it and feel confident. I just I will say it is absolutely nice that he is trying to get her to general movement competency so she doesn't get hurt shut down production. It's nice that he's getting coordinated with the person who does the choreography. But I will say that just doing more traditional hypertrophy exercises like you'll find that are hypertrophy in any case, those work really well and they also provide probably even better resiliency because they are asking you to go through extreme ranges of motion. So it's a very nice notion and I really like where he's coming from in this. The exercise selection so far, not ideal. I use it before the workout and after before because I can get adjustments down my spine and then afterwards it's more for recovery. All right. So foam rolling doesn't adjust your spine. It just makes you feel nice. But if that works to get you more confident about your workout, that's pretty good. The foam roller does not help you recover in any way shape or form. That is entirely illusory. This was supposed to be comedic and I'm just pissed. All right, next step we're going to do the world's greatest stretch. This is great for the hips, mobility, I guess the upper back, hamstrings, he's going to step out and he's going to drop that inside. Why would you name that the world's greatest stretch? Fuck. It's just a stretch. It's a great stretch. The world's greatest stretch. You see someone else doing another stretch? I don't know. I'm clearly have not been able to do the truth. And they're like, what? Do this. It's the world's best. All right, for the next section in the activation, the muscles that are supporting the spine, especially for squatting or hip hinge or anything. These kind of things. I want to make sure that they're turned on before we act. A little bit. You guys know what really fires up the spine to get ready for squats, squats with a lightweight. There is no better warmup than the warmup with lighter weight and higher up to the exercise you're actually doing. It checks every single box and still others like it saves time and is direct technique warmup to whatever it is you're doing. I don't have to change my technique. Feel for this versus squatting or whatever afterwards. If I just warm up with squatting, generally that is the best possible with the squatting. This is total fluff. It's a total waste of time. I don't recommend you do it. Hey, so standard Hollywood trainer circa 2023. Glute training begins with hip thrusts. Hip thrusts are not a very good glute exercise. They miss the stretched position of the glute. And better exercises exist like a sumo squat. The sumo deficit that lift definitely any kind of lung especially front foot elevated lung, genus myth machine, that would crush it. This is not ideal. We're going to use it here to activate some of the stabilizer muscles around the shoulder. Why would you want to activate stabilizer muscles around the shoulder? What is the point of my idea? Is sounds cool? I don't even know how long we are into this video. We've not done any exercising yet. Where's the should I pay you for my other fucker? Devon's a big guy and if he's sweating from two pound weights, trust me, he's going to be plenty for you guys. That hurt my soul to hear. You can sweat by turning up the heat in your car. That won't actually get you in shape. And by the way, when you're 270 pound person, you sweat no matter what you do. So I don't know what that's an argument for. Is Devon being challenged? No, no, he's not. Luckily this is a warmup. You should hope you're sweating in a warmup. That's not a fucking right. My head. One more activation exercise here. This is full. Thank all my God. I thought he was going to brazenly in a responsible and introduce actual exercise. I would have honestly called the CDC if I had a scene if just ripping that poor man right into a brutal workout with only two pointless activation exercise. I was trying to be nice when we started this video. I can't scot the video guy. I can't do it. What we're trying to do is prime the nervous system. Get the body flowing. I love priming the nervous system. But only second to getting the body flowing. Which if I was a professor of sport and exercise science, I probably know with f*** nonsense. I don't even know what that means. Floating where? If your body is flowing, you need to pick parts of it up and reattach it to yourself because that's really bad. Ah, folks go to school. Stay in school. That's all I'm going to say. What I want to do is go ahead and show you some progressions on this landmine. We're going to put 25 pounds on the bar, which is nice and easy. But go ahead and find your movement and figure out how this is supposed to be. Great advice on warming up. I love it. Start light and warm up later. Totally great. I got to cut this gentleman his dick. Please push the hips all the way through. It's really good that they elevated that thing on a platform. Who the f*** knows what would happen if you reached all the way down another three inches? More muscle growth and strength than ability you say nonsense. Spinal injury and death. Grab the end of the bar. That's going to keep it. Ah. So here's how this works. More sports science you may have not wanted to know. The grabbing of the end of a bar is profoundly difficult because it is a very thick handle and you have to two finger grab it and you can't even get good finger overlaps somehow. So you are going to be limited in almost every case unless you are georiatrically weak. No offense. Buy your grip and you will not produce a robust stimulus for your glutes which by the way your glutes are much stronger than your grip could ever be. It's not even funny. This is not a good exercise. This is a movement that looks like it trains glutes to the untrained eye. In reality it's a form exercise. Would you do that shit at home anyway right? What the hell is poor now before? Alright the next one for our secondary exercise is a horizontal push. If you need to you can step through. Step through. Push yourself back up. That was good. That's a good exercise to do if you are not strong enough to do four-ing emotion push-ups. We are totally cool if you are not. We are all coming from somewhere. Now we have got an exercise that is isometric push-up that holds and it lets find out if this is worth on a while. The next progression we worked on with Breed to get her into a point where she could actually do push-ups. She came in not being able to do push-ups. This is good. I am curious. Bring the elbows back, take your chest, about two to three inches off the ground and then drop. Start back over. So you do eccentric control until the most hypertrophic muscle growth part of the movement at the very bottom of the stretch and that's when you reduce the tension. I don't get it. Dynamic push-up, draping some chains over her hips. I think these chains are about 20 pounds of weight. Okay so now we have video of her doing it. The chains are cool. Grab a fine way to add load. Not the best way to add load because it makes the push-up harder at the top and easier at the bottom. The way muscle growth actually works is you want it harder at the bottom. It is easier at the top which a push-up is already leveraged to have you do. So the chains are actually not a great choice. A better choice would be to have her wear a little backpack or to just him finally get an excuse to stand next to her and be in physical contact. Take a plate, put it right under her shoulder blades, hold it therefore her gently as she does the full range of motion. Second thing, what the fuck is that stupid blue pad therefore except to limit the range of motion? So the stretch on the muscle isn't as good, so the hypertrophy results are not as good. So from pex or not as jacks we have less of an easy time believing that she isn't in fact a super heroine. Can we go ahead and show you guys a finisher that we did with B. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. Zi P F. E. Of course, if you put your pencil down, this is gonna be as tough as it is. Pointless. Upt right row. We're going to do we're going to do a snatch, push press, into a bin over row. Back into a snatch. We're going to move these as quickly as we can. So, an overarching critique here with a lot of these videos this one for sure is that there seems to be kind of a mystery as about what it was in the gym to accomplish. If I have somebody from Hollywood approaching me, I want to know what they want their physique to look like for the role, because that's why we're training. exercise and every rep and every set and every structure of the program will be designed to actually train the target muscle optimally so that you look exactly like what you're supposed to look like. This has a lot of elements of like general fitness, kind of pop fitness, aerobics, class stuff, just cool from looking around with weights, but if you're being paid in an order and amount of money to get someone cheap for an unbelievably important role, there will also make them an indoor and modern money. You just kind of, you can do better. This is just really random stuff, guy. This is the state of celebrity workouts nowadays. Random, fluff, nonsense. You guys are being ripped off. Brewered out five days a week with me pretty much the whole nine months. She worked her ass off to get into shape for this movie and really, really proud of her. She got pound for pound as strong as any guy that I know and that's saying something that's really fantastic. She got pound for pound as strong as any guy you know. Well I know a lot of girls that are pound for pound, we stronger than her and a ton of guys as well. Sir, you don't go enough strong guys. Can I use stronger pound for pound than her? I quit my **** job. That was a training video with no training in it. It was just one warm up the whole time. No hate. The train on the video, I'm sure is great. We all have plenty of me. Same weird shit on the internet. I mean, Jesus Christ, you know, the push-up was sort of good. This is so much goddamn fluff. Oh God. Two out of ten.