Oh, he ugly. Hey Scott, can you shut the f*** up? This is me digging it myself. Not you laugh at me like I'm a f***. Hey folks, Dr. Mike, is Rital here for Renaissance Previsation and I am also a professor of exercise and sports science at Lehman College in the Bronx, in New York City. In the York State, I usually forget that when in the United States, in the Western Hemisphere, on planet Earth, in the solar system, in the Orion arm of the Milky Way, and I believe on leveling up today, in I think what's called like the local cluster of galaxies. I think I f*** that science people, tell me I'm an idiot. In any case, speaking of me being an idiot, it turns out I have an unbelievable qualification. I've been an idiot for a long time, and I've been training for a long time, 20 some odd years, and so Scott the video guy and I dug up my old training footage, lurking about in places in YouTube and even worse, and we're going to critique the living crap out of it today, so time to slam dunk on myself. Let's kick it. Alright, so I tell you guys a lot about this video. This is me squatting when I believe is a sum total of something like 529 pounds, I forget that isn't kilos. They come in a hit it for 4 reps, if I believe that correctly is going to be a high bar squat, done not for hypertrophy of the quadriceps, but as the Hale Cacleif famous Russian left for one, so little tree, which is for the soul for the soul. This is just me, I think I was like, maybe 27 years old, or 26 years old, which means it's like 11 or 12 years ago, and I'm just trying to get really big and strong, generally. I was recently not to drug free here, and I was really feeling that swag, so let's find out how awful the technique is, or maybe not. Yeah, you have to bark at weights that are sufficiently heavy. Now, Scott the video guy's laughing is ass-hob, because he thinks this isn't the same. And it is, well I'll tell you guys that I don't do this kind of stuff anymore, generally in the gym, because if I put this much emotional energy into something, my probability of using the best mind muscle connection falls precipitously. My probability of putting out an exceptional amount of effort rises insanely, and so I can crank out way more weight and way more reps, my injury risk increases at the expense of targeting the muscle that I want. So now as a competitive bodybuilder, and I wasn't back then, I had to do my first show. I was just trying to get f***ing big and strong, and just do ego shit, and I did, and I succeeded at it, but now that I no longer do that, I don't get the psyched up for lifting anymore. Was it fun to get the psyched up? Oh, God, yes. None of this is fake. I don't fake-barke at the weights, like I was so inspired to go hard that the bark just comes out. You're just, you know, hashtag going to war, brother. But if these are all genuine heartfelt emotions, nothing for the gram, there was no gram back then. What were we doing with our lives? Hmm. Good setup. We'll smack talk. Why is my face so fat and around? Because the rest of me was also fat and rounder. Hey, Scott, can you shut the f*** up? This is me digging it myself, not you laugh and I'm like, I'm a, anyway. It's like back to middle school again, everyone laughing at me. That was gross. All right. You'll see me looking down at my feet. My walk back was something that requires a lot of thought. And so I'm super amped up with psychic energy, an inspiration and rage, positive rage for the planet. I'm still trying to be technical in the setup. Once the setup occurs, it's just, hope the body does the right thing. Go deep, come back up. That's it. That's one rep. Good depth. You guys can see that my gut is basically spilling over my belt. Now this is a strategy, a very high level. So please stay with me. This is eight D chess. Become fat enough to look grotesque. Have such a difficult time interacting with women that you are overloaded at all times in the game and actually how to talk to girls and pick them up. So much so that you, you don't talk to anyone and you don't actually get better at the game and you stay dry for years on end. It worked. All right. That's the lifting. Let's say a pretty good pace. You guys will notice I'm dipping and bouncing a little bit out of the hole in an athletic weightlifting technique, high bar squat. That's how you squat. This is a factor for hypertrophy. It's very effective for strength. If I was critiquing this from the perspective of maximizing hypertrophy, I would first of all not do a set of four, which was I'm doing here I'd leave. And also, I would pause or at least slow down the centric significantly to be able to use less weight on the bar, but have as much total time over attention and posed on the muscles in a position that is safer and marginally more effective. I saw someone in the gym lifting legs, but now that's really good. But if they were like, hey, do you have any tips on how to maximize this lift-fried hypertrophy over the long term with safety included? I'd be like, oh, oh, God, yeah. I think I'd you asked years like eight tips, right? One of them would be to stay even more upright, push the knees forward more. That doesn't allow you to use the glutes and the hips as much as typically. I would in this situation and thus it lowers the amount of weight you can lift, but it shifts more of the weight to your quads. So, if you're squatting for big legs, you actually squat in a way, but it's super super upright with your knees going really far over your toes, so long as your heels are now, you control these centric significantly more, pause at the bottom and then come back up. And what that allows you to do is to maximize the squat from the perspective of stimulating quad growth. But it does come at a trade-off of squatting as much weight as you possibly could. There are many, many people in the gym, there's nothing wrong with this, to go in the gym to get bigger and stronger at the same time. This kind of technique is perfect for that. If you just wanted to get stronger, you would do low bar squats, I would shift the weight down on my back. I just wanted to get bigger than I would do this squat as I just described to you. Knees four more, much more upright, slow and way down, and a nice posture to bottom. But generally here are the range of motions quite good. There is no avoiding hard training if you want to grow. But if you want to grow the most, your training needs to be hard and smart. The P-hyperrophy app will make sure you're progressing on track, monitoring, and adjusting your workout at all times. So for all that work you're doing, you can be sure you're getting the best results. Oh yeah. So this is me actually at a gym called Boss Barbell, which I think still exists. I used to be quite good friends with Mr. Dan Green, who is Dan Green and it's one of the greatest lifters of all time and beyond jacked. So you guys can see that I'm a few things. I wave so roughly 245 pounds here, but much faster than I am today at that same body weight. I am going to be underhander-rowing. I think like 300 pounds or something for 10, you notice it's the easy bar, which I highly recommend for underhand rows. I used to do them all the time. Then actually got too big to be able to grab an easy bar anymore and get a stretch of bottom, so I stopped doing them for a long time. You also notice that I'm in flip flops. I'll see where you're being lifted as you can lift in flip flops. This is a known thing. And I'm on two wooden blocks. And that's to extend the range of motion and get a big stretch at the bottom. So I think my technique here is pretty good. Big chest before moving, big breath in, straight back, pretty good. Touch the gut. Some people will say, but Mike, you're not touching your torso. Yeah, sure, shenan. I got just to get out so much. I don't have that far to move. Making this lift less impressive than it would otherwise be. You'll notice I'm looking up and forward the entire time to keep my back straight. Good stretch at the bottom, touching the ground every time. I would like to see a slower eccentric, ideally for hypertrophy, but this is entirely. That the person doing it is ugly. That receding hairline situation is pretty dope. That tells me like, this is an older person and this is not a lot of hope left, which was true at the time. Big chest. Not terrible. Not terrible at all. Little body English towards the last few reps. Not ideal, not the end of the world, for sure. I wouldn't do that today, but I don't hate it. Oh, and that's an old school R.P. shirt. I'm wearing the original logo. Can't get that anymore. I just don't sell it. Aha. This was when I was a personal trainer in New York City right around 2009. It was about 23, 24, 25 years old. That's I believe Mr. Nick Shaw spotting me. This is back with Nick and I were both trainers in New York. This is pre-RP. In that gym, which is now known as I think complete body and fitness or something on 19th street in New York City, and Manhattan, that you must be called back then 19th street. Or as we called it, because all the other members called it 19th. No way, 19th. Everyone was more street than we were. So we felt a little bit like vanilla. But it was dope. So this is Life Time Drug Free, Close Grip, Bench, 275 pounds. I believe I did this for like close to 20 reps or something like that. Let's see the technique. I was so fat. Look at a fat iron. 250 pounds, something like that. Big ass gut. I am doing an arch and retraction. I can't bench this close anymore with an arch and retraction, because I've just straight up gotten too big for it. And let's see how it goes. All right. So a couple of things you can notice. Is the speed with which my concentric goes on 275? But I come just a strong. Let's cut me a little bit of slack. The eccentric control is almost not existent. And I am bouncing off my chest a little bit. Is that ideal? Absolutely not. If I saw this, I'd be like, hey, that's really impressive. And old me would be like, thanks to the like, do you want to learn how to lift better? I guess. Take those 25s off my shoulder. Full lockouts. A lot of people will bench in an arc. I actually prefer with an arch to bench in a straight line. It's where I feel best. Yeah, you'll notice that I'm not very stable with regard to the bench in the floor. I should have been wedging my feet better. That would have gotten me a better result. And no, I'm actually not using any hip drive. I never did use a lot of like drive. Woo. That was it. So the reason I rack that was because for me, when the bench starts slowing down, a lot, I'm sufficiently fast twitching my chest and try a set that if I start slowing down, I'm not getting another rep. Hey, original RP logo. Love it. Oh, yes. This is 275 pounds for eight reps in the exercise science laboratory at the University of San Francisco Missouri where the hours of professor at the time. And this is with actually a deadlift bar. I'd prefer, I purchased that bar for the gym and I preferred to overhead press with a skinny bar because it let me get a little closer to my face and actually feels a little better in my hands. And I have very small hands and genitals. This was the absolute peak of my overhead pressing strength. I weighed about 240 pounds in this video 242 or so. And I did this 200 and 75 pounds for eight reps. And I'd probably not have no critiques here. I don't think because these are clean reps. You'll notice that I'm pressing up and back. I'm really rocking my head and chest back and up and then down and forward at the top. That's how you do a proper standing barbell press. And like as I was doing these reps, I was like, wow, I'm still doing these reps. This is crazy. Voila. Oh, yeah. Classic. This is a good look. This is what happens when genetic engineers try to raise a human in a lab and they successfully raise the body into adulthood. But the face and head stay of babies. An ugly babies. So baby head mic is going to squat 405 pounds for 14 repetitions. I think it was going to be 15 but I just miscounted. That's the real truth. This is from a gym in that was close to AppLatch and State University where my master's program. So I was about 22, 23 years old in this video. And drug free lifetime drug free at that point and weighing about 240 pounds or something like that, nice and fat. Oh, nice. Nice. Scott, did you throw that in? You son of a bitch. You're fat. York. I mean, York looks a lot better than I do. Yeah. The skull is similar but the fat cheeks. I got that bitch all fucking day. All right. If you like that, we have way more of it. Ugh, I'm just working me make in the member section. So give a thought to signing up and you can see the extended unfiltered raw edition. Enjoy. Oh, he ugly. You know, interestingly enough, I didn't feel ugly. I felt just fine. I don't know. I had to always had a certain amount of not giving a fuck about how he looked, I guess. So that's nice. Good work. Whoa. Come on out. All right. So you can see the mouth and Russian swear words at the bar. I really like to have a disdain for the bar. Like I like to pretend that not that didn't elaborate pretend just a very surface level of like a fuck you. You know what I'm saying? Fuck out of my face bar. You have a fuck to you know. You know, like a real like disdain for it. And I think that that's helpful in these contexts. That's nice. That's nice. All right. Nice high bar setup. Big gut hanging through. Notice I had some sizable quads back then. Okay, so you notice very exaggerated hip tilt coming back. I don't do that much anymore. Again, that was to get a lot of power out of the hips. Sit back and down. If I was hypertrophy squatting, I would have my chest up higher. I would have my knees go forward. I would go much slower on the eccentric and take a pause. You'll notice I'm bouncing out of the whole each time. It's a dangerous, it's not terrible. It's just a very athletic kind of weight lifting style squat. You see weight lifting or squatting in a back room. Usually it looks something like that. There you go. Come on. Come on. Here you go. There you go. There you go. Right. Employing rest pause. So I was very comfortable with 400 pounds on my back. I could rest with 400 pounds on my back. If I locked my hips and knees out. So I'll do a couple reps. And then when they slow down, I'll rest in breath. I think this is a good strategy for anyone to want to do a lot of reps in the squat. You'll notice that slight hip tilt forward at the beginning of some of the reps to make sure that I know which way forward is. So I can come back from it. Chest upright. Notice when I get in trouble and this is a good cue for you guys to use. If you're getting in trouble in a squat, look up into the sky as long as you're at least a third of the way up. When you get into a sticking point, look up and it's going to maximize your activation of your entire posterior chain. Fire your glutes and your lower back for you so that you have a much higher probability of actually standing up with the weight. I see people come three quarters, two thirds out of a squat, looking down and they'll miss the weight. And I might do you just to look up and you'll have an extra 15, 20 pounds and no problems. So you'll notice I'm using that here with all of these final reps. This point I'm on a breath. I was an excellent cardio shape if you can't tell. Yeah, Russian yelling. And I was very proud of myself for doing this. So I had a really great time. This is a very fun moment. I was actually laughing because I'm like, oh, shit, I'm mad. Yeah, as a gym full of people. But this is the thing is like, this was a multiple times a day occurrence of people lifting my weights. We're even that insane. People lifting way heavier weights, screaming way more throwing stuff. That was just the atmosphere. It was a truly hardcore gym. So everyone there is kind of like, let's just mic doing this thing. Great times with friends. This is me doing pull ups weighing 265 pounds with I think 25 pounds in about. So 295 pounds of total tension. Let's see how many pull ups I get. And I'm going to critique the little f***er my technique here. Look at that gut. It's nowhere. No one's ever had a bigger gut and love handles than me. I maintain a little kit. Full range. Chin over the bar. I need if I was not an idiot at the time, I would have greatly slowed down my e-centred on the way down. Would have to do that. That would be a really good idea. Other than that, I don't have a ton of hate for these pull ups. Now, okay. So I weighed 265 back then. And I was a f***ing nut nearly as muscular. And I was still doing full range motion pull ups, right? I think I get these for like, you know, like five to eight reps or something like that. And you can ask the question of like, Mike, but I see you doing pull ups now. And you might have 25 pound on, but you only weigh 250 or 240 or 230. You might even have no weight on and you're doing kind of similar number of reps. Did you just get weaker on pull ups? Here's the thing. There is a humongous difference in how many pull ups you can do. Based on how your technique looks. If you keep with your feet, it adds amount of force that you can exert on the bar. If you go too quickly down on the eccentric, it saves a ton of reps for you. Just slowing down the eccentric, the descent phase is a humongous humongous difference in how many pull ups you can actually do. So I'm way stronger, my lats are way bigger now. But I can't do as many pull ups so there's much body weight. Because my technique is so different. Even subtle differences in technique. Have a huge effect on how much weight you're lifting. And the purpose of my surgery training is to get the technique so dialed in that you don't need to use as big of weights as you normally would to get the same effect. That radically reduces fatigue. It radically reduces injury risk probability. And it makes everything better, accepted its lesson-pressive extraordinary. Mike, there's a girl up there that'll have sex with you. Look at me go. There wasn't. No sex was had. I mean, how do you have sex with a gut that big? I don't know. I never had any sex when I got what was happening. And this was roughly I think like a year into using performance and answering substances. Or shoes that tied back. I wore some shoes that tied. And then I discovered that I have feet that are basically pointed like this. And I wear out only the outsides of my souls on shoes of souls. And then they get incrementally shitty air. So that like there's a wedge that keeps me even more out this way. I realized after this couple of year period that I need to just wear flat shoes. And they don't have that problem. And that's why I started wearing my flat autism shoes. Alright, time to rate myself. Technique. 8 out of 10. Psychology. 9 out of 10. Getting laid. 25 out of 10. Because your boy was swimming in the shit. Coming up for air every now and again. I was in my dreams. And in reality, I was hopeless in a loan. I don't want to talk to. Just in the case. See you guys next time. Unfortunately Lamborghinis are not free. And I would like to buy more of them. And we get paid when you guys watch more YouTube videos. So if you watch this video right here, you'll make me incrementally more rich.