I leave everyone involved as kind of like Shipe the F-I-I-Y-A-D-A, where in American sport would you ever see something like that? Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I am A, competitive bodybuilder, former professor of exercise and sports science. Co-founder and creator of the RP-Dion RP HyperchV apps and the company RP Strength would also high-cor Apple and have a black belt in Brazilian Gigiitsu, Namaste. But there are levels of grappling. My own BS even though it's a black belt sort of grappling, touchbutt in the park. And then there are gods and kings of grappling and their known as Sumo wrestlers. They come from Japan. We are going to look at their training, at their diets, and at their culture and lifestyles. How many more culturally operative bowing symbols can I make before we get cancelled? Let's find out. The first Sumo fights are believed to have taken place 1500 years ago. Yeah, that's intense. Can't you Gitsu was invented like? I don't know. A thousand years later, probably more? Tryp. The rules of the game are very simple. Make your opponent fall or push him out of the circle. Okay, love. Love. Simple rules. Like if you're falling down, if your knee touches the ground, or if you step out of the circle, are amazing. For at least one reason, they instantly captivate the audience and engage the audience if the sport fundamentally is fun. To gigantic people pushing each other around is already fun. But if it's a really complex rule set, you ever get that. Try to watch a sport like curling or some shit and you're like, I have no idea who's winning. Like how does it even work? Brazilian Gigiitsu, like isn't a guy on bottom losing? No, he's actually in a really strong position. Like what the hell is that? And then some guy taps you like, why do you tap? Really, it's an ankle-occurrency coming with so much really, really straightforward. And that's awesome. And my wife, Chris Lai, have been watching so pretty regularly on YouTube. There's a bunch of places to see it on YouTube for free. And it's really, really, really intense, really intense, amazing sport, and make no mistake about it. These guys are tip-top world-class athletes. Why are they so fat? For one reason, that's called ballast. Fat does not help you move around. It reduces your mobility. Not good. However, you want high mobility and sumo to juke your opponent's advances, to move his weight against him and for your advantage, and to push forward against him and be maneuverable. To also be able to adjust your feet on the fly really rapidly, so that you don't fall. However, if you are trying to push a very large person, it doesn't matter if they have a lot of fat or a lot of muscle, they're harder to push around when they're big. In one something big gets going, the fat acts as a pool for momentum. So if you are sumo wrestler, you want to be as muscular and as fat kind of as possible within some constraints of mobility, but those constraints are fairly low. So you want to be as big as possible so that you can still move people around. And you can still be pretty decently mobile yourself, but you want to be very difficult to move. This is why offensive and defensive line in the NFL are not the leanest people in the world, because just weighing 330 pounds is a good start. And for many of the best sumo wrestlers, we're talking about guys that typically weigh at their peak 350 to 400 pounds. And they're usually right around six feet tall, often a little bit shorter. That is a very low center of gravity, very gigantic object. And another thing I want you guys to pay attention to is the size of these guys legs. Yeah, their upper bodies are fat, though have tons of muscle, but their legs are jacked. You can see glued outlines, quad, inner thigh stuff, and you realize after a while like, mostly these guys have pretty lean legs, and they're enormous legs, and that gives them the ability to push into each other to adjust on the fly. These guys will push anyone you know out of bounds. And that is really, really, really intense. And the way it happens is also trippy. Hopefully we'll see that in a little bit. I like that everyone involved is kind of like, SHIT the f***. Yeah, uh, pussy. The rough leg turns, and you just got wear in American sport. We've ever seen something like that. Like I'm not a pussy, I'm a pussy. I'm a pussy. I did. And MMA, the guy would be covering him to protect the guy. This is like, yeah, he's good. He's good. He already has a cast, you know. Nope. Is this arm limp? Do you know, holy. Oh, finally somebody caught him. Scott, can you imagine like, one of these guys like visits like New York, and some rough hands like two guys get on the subway, and they're like, look, it's this fat Asian asshole, and they try to like take something. Can you imagine him getting out of the subway chair? He's already in his ideal position, and just like, I mean, what would happen? Like through the wall. Like he might just blow you out of the, can train. Guaranteed nine times out of ten. If it's like 150 pounds just like regular do, trying to believe a single guy. Guaranteed instead knock out on contact. Like, your head'll just go like this. You're done. He's like, boom, and it's hit. He turns to the other guy in the other guy's like, Sir, what we were trying to say is we really love sushi, and then he gets a slap. Scott, they slap each other. Do you know that? Oh yeah. Sumo's the shit. It's a baby sumo factory. Something about baby sumo factory doesn't sit right. You know, the police once rated my house for what they accused me of having a baby sumo factory, but I was only smuggling babies. I'm not training them for anything. It's other sumo gems that I'm selling these babies to. Is that a crime? Getting babies the sumo training they need? You know how muscle and fatter-shaped. That kid in the center, the big one. That was this quads bro. He's eight. What? Yes. Do that. Holy shit. Yeah, children don't dream of being the next messy or an although. Their obsession is to become sumo champions. Overweight, and with the body of a mini wrestler, Toki is only eight years old. He is the youngest of the team, and yet doesn't get any special treatment from his coaches. After yet another defeat against one of his classmates, exhausted and pushed to his limits. He breaks down. Oh my god, there's a fatter-y in baby. Come to the Kavara as Retail Household. We'll take good care of you. We won't have to do anything you don't want to, except lift weights and appear at Asmaner so you can break the all-time squad world back. But other than that, the Japanese ended motivation. They completely absorbed it. Fuck, that is so baller. He's like, oh, could you help you out of tears or kids? Any concern with a sword? I don't know where I was going with that. Japanese is awesome. Cry during trading and laughing. Cry during training and the laugh and battle. Now if you've ever seen competitive sumo, they never show emotion in battle, including laughter. But metaphorical laughter is better than metaphorical crime. Sumo is the only sport in the world where professional athletes live together 24 hours a day. Scott, we are work together and you spend the night here once a week to record videos during the night. Why don't we walk around only in robes? As you keep at 63 degrees in here. Right. But don't you crank it up to that 75? I don't think you'll be in a fucking commono for a week. I love it. I love it. Folks, there's still more video to come, but if you want to see even more scantily-clad men and fantasies and dream about them, but for longer, and tons of cool science stuff and real life training for myself and Jade for the IP pro, we'll remember section, give it a click, give it a link, and back to the video. It's 630 in the morning. Fuck fat. I'm the barely awake and hungry wrestlers are already dressed up. These enormous athletes are almost as flexible as ballet dances. And smile exaggeration, but fine. Scott, anything British documentary in man tells me I want to believe. Yeah, he's great. I watched a really fascinating nature documentary once and it was about this really strange fish that lives in a cave, like underwater cave. And you know, scolikes, like other fish, like swim by, and it has this like little appendage, it shoots out, and he's like, and the fish shoots out this appendage in order to insure fish that come by, proving them to be satisfying meals. Scientists have studied the incredibly high friction nature of this appendage to realize that it was actually modeled after the Versa-Grips wrap. One thing that you can wrap around the bar to make sure that you don't have to use your hands as a limiting factor. You can do lateral races, upright rows, stiff leg and that lift, pull downs and pull ups with as much force from your prime move as as possible. And which brings us back to this not-initial fish swimming all the way to Versa-Grips headquarters in Maine to steal this advancement cereal for itself isn't nature, wondrous, cold link in the description below. Huh, Scott, did I just laugh to do an ad read by accident? That was good. I actually didn't see that comment. There you go. I bet you know what else to do either. Versa-Groves baby, we out here. All right, let us look at more men stretching with their almost cocks almost hanging out. For centuries, the training has been the same. The same exercise is the same routines and above all the same suffering. It's probably evolved British documentary in Maine likes to keep things very exaggerated, but it probably hasn't evolved enough. Advanced training and enhancement and training is a good thing. The Japanese are a very traditional peoples and the sports training of Japan is often very traditional as well. And so at times that means that there could be some downsides into staying constrained because advances in understanding, advances in lifting and supplementation in nutrition have radically outpaced pre-industrialized Japan, which is all the stuff was kind of formalized. So could the Japanese, Sumerasa, Trinney, really well? Yes, could they be training better by today's modern sports science standards? Yeah, almost certainly. To achieve this extraordinary weight, the Sumer, the Ristlers have an exceptional diet. Finally, the food! Public service announcement, if you're currently in a fat loss diet and you're feeling very hungry and craving, the following will be highly disturbing to your ears into your eyes. Do you see how fast these eating scar? I don't know how many animals they've eaten. The themselves for years, a considerable part of the weight is made up of fat, but 225 kg their guy weighs 500 pounds. There's for the wreck. But above all of muscle, the Sumer-Restlers are power monsters. The magic recipe of Sumer who is called Chankonabe. It's a hypercalleric stew with a little bit of vegetables and a lot of protein, meat, eggs and fats, lots of fats. Oh, is that like vegetable oil? It's not working right in there. Woo, not the healthiest thing in the world. I sure hope that's avocado or can all oil or something. It's God. The aim is to become heavier so that they can push better in the ring. It's 11 o'clock, a time for a proper feast. On average, Sumer-Restless consume 8,000 calories a day. But you've been gaining your whole life and your body's just tired of the ship. It might take 7 or 8,000 calories to get you to gain to 325 even over the course of several months. You would think like what the hell is going on? A lot of those calories just getting milled through your body and put out his heat. Scott, these guys are hot and I mean sexy. And physically hot. It's so tough when you're hot. And when you train all the time, eating is so goddamn difficult. This might be one of the hardest parts of the job. Everyone thinks eating is fun until you have to stuff yourself for more than about what Scott, a day, not even half a day? A meal is like fun to stuff yourself with. And then someone's like, it's too hours later. You got to eat again. You're joking. Now this is what it takes. You're out there quick. These guys put in work. This rapid weight gain is not without risk. The life expectancy of Sumer-Restless hardly reaches 65 years, which is 20 years less than the Japanese average. That makes sense, man. Getting really, really fat is bad for you. Luckily, these guys are very physically active, so it does make a huge tradeoff. But think of it this way. 20 years off lifespan, adjusting for genetics and perclivity. Let's call it 15 years. Even with a ton of exercise, with mostly good food going in, that is huge. And so the one thing for take away from this is if you want to live a long time being leaner and being smaller, is of really, really, really, really good idea. The first thing I learned was to do is to put stuff in. Sumer-Restless is what the problem is. This is the biggest thing I learned from you. Sumer-Restless is what we learned from you. That's where all of your powers were connected to the ground comes from. But upper body strength is also very, very helpful. Yep. In fact, if you don't have a strong lower body, you can just get snapped up like a twig. Yeah. 200 is 300. Basically, body weight scrap reps per day is not ideal at all. I would say cutting that to one third or four would be really good and supplementing resisted squats and leg presses and deficit dead lifts instead would make the Sumer-Restless significantly stronger and more explosive and better at Sumer-Restling period. Next, I learned Suryashi or foot sliding, also a lower body exercise. Cool. Yeah. So that kind of keeps tension on the quad muscles and it gets the burn going. Again, if you weigh 200 kilos, it will cause hypertrophy and it will cost strength in the handsmen. It is also great for mobility and figuring out how to get your balance going while staying low. But it's inferior, I would say, to the RP hypertrophy app, removes all uncertainty and makes the training process precisely defined. Choose your pre-made workout plan from dozens available in the app, plug in your weights and the app takes care of the rest for months of productive training. Ready? Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Just like the basic shikostans, you maintain a crouching position and move forward while sliding your feet. Suryashi or foot sliding your feet. Step on too far. So you gotta basically mind the border and keep low and back. Yeah. Also, you guys pulling you back and pulling you down. So it requires extra force production. Very good for athletic pursuits, but probably should be mixed with quite a bit of resistive training. A big part of the afternoon is reserved for a nap. Two and a half hours of sleep to recover from training. Dude, this is brutal. And these guys supposed to be comfortable on this shit. Good. Every one of these I've seen this, they're on the floor together and I'm just one room. Yeah, I hope in the future they have like better accommodations. Let me talk about something real quick. Do you see these guys like laying on the floor? They sit on the floor to eat. That's cultural or whatever. They like sleep and like whatever mini cuts that aren't that great. And you think all like that's what it takes to get good. That's actually the opposite of what it takes to get good. Being good is a matter of making your training as long as it's specific to your sport as hard as you can manage and making relaxation recovery as easy as you can manage. So these guys had king beds and cocky buttons everywhere and couches and stuff to lounge on and got massages all the time. They'd be better at sumo than living inside of can dungeon with 10 other dudes and whack into the iPad in the middle of the night. Which really just sums up my Tuesday, but I'm sure these guys go through that sort of thing. Those got it's nice that they have a witty, the poo plushy there. It is I also saw a bunch of fans though. Leeds between relief. This might not be air condition either. It might not be air condition. It's really old school man like it's supposed to be the grind. And the thing is the grind is great in training, but opposite of the grind is a good idea the rest of the time. If you want to be your best, train as hard as you can, you recover as easily as you can. You don't want to make impediments to recovery, like sleeping down here on the ground and living in an odd air condition facility in the summer. All right folks. Sumo is goded out of 10. These guys get mega respect. They're ultimate super legit athletes. They're technique. And even get a chance to talk about much is lifetime trained. And the only thing I got to say is I kind of hope Sumo blows up around the world because I want to see African Americans do Sumo. That shit would be wild. Give me somebody that's about six foot seven, four, 80, used to play in the NFL coach him up a little bit. No, it's what's going to happen. In any case, Japanese people, you guys are awesome. Also, it's kind of really good Sumo athletes come from Mongolia, as they're gigantic over there. And Sumo is dope. Mike, man. Yeah. I did cannot find a single of a single Sumo restaurant, even in modern white guys lifting away. Yeah. You think it happens? If you don't see it, you think it's just they're behind a little bit there. I don't like to speculate a ton, but I do believe most Sumo athletes do not do much or any conventional resistance training because their sport predates the invention of weights and they're incredibly traditionalist. This is not a surprise, Scott, because in high school wrestling, in the 90s, we didn't lift weights. Up until the 1970s, American football players are rarely lifted weights, if ever they actually thought it made you slower and muscle bound. So, wouldn't surprise me at all, and in fact I have good reason to believe that most Sumo wrestlers do hardly any or any resistance training at all. If and when Sumo wrestlers decide to begin resistance training for Sumo, it will 100% have a mega impact on the sport. There are a few guys clearly using steroids in Sumo. They are more jacked, they are faster, they're more aggressive, they have better balance and they win a lot. And one of the number of things steroids give you is more muscle mass combined steroids or not steroids keep the sport clean. I guess trying to diet age 60 might as well in yellow, I say, but weightlifting resistance training compound heavy movements, multiple times a week would be insanely insanely beneficial for Sumo and sumo traditionalists. Feel free to let us know how that's wrong in the comments, but I honestly think that's a big deal in a big unlock. So, does that make sense? Yeah. Anyway, sumo wrestlers, if you see me in public, don't kill me, but if you kill me, eat me so you can become better. I've been Dr. Mike, and I'll see you next time. All right, that was fun, so much mad. It's raining man. Hallelujah, and if you click on this video right here, maybe you can look at more men, see you guys next time.