But if you're fasting that day, you're not recovering at all, you're starving. He folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyridization, fasting. Is it a good thing for you to do? Now, a lot of people will fast for one day through the whole week. And they'll say that day is really cleansing. It's really good for them. And some people will fast the whole day at the beginning of their diet. One fast day to begin the whole thing. Both practices have some advantages, let's talk about them. So, what's the deal? Up sides of a one daily fast, whether it be once a week, or just once at the beginning of your diet, to kick start your fat loss diet. First, fasting can let you drop a ton of blood asap. When you fast for one day drinking enough fluids, obviously, you could lose like five to 10 pounds of just, just bloat just like under the skin, crap, salt water. And that can both make you look way better and sharper, and can make you feel just lighter and freer and more amazing. And if you've been stuffing your gullet with food for the last God knows how long one day of fasting can make you feel really, really cleansed, which is why a lot of the cleanses are basically fast. It can also challenge you to reduce your food focus towards the end of the day. A lot of us were so food focused all the time. They're like, what are we eating for breakfast? What about lunch? What about dinner? What about snacks? If you're fasting, well, there's nothing on the menu, and it makes you kind of re-architecture thinking a little bit, so that you focus on work, you focus on relationships, you focus on looking at birds and shit. Whatever Buddhist people say you're supposed to pay attention to in your outside, shit like that. Leaves, rustling, chipmunks, nature is metal, so don't look too close. In any case, maybe an appreciation for things that take you away from your excessive food focus, which can also help you later on in that diet. Once you become less food focused, it's easy to stay that way. But if you're really food focused on the diet, start your still food focus, but the food amounts are smaller, you can be even more food focused and just a bad time. Tough to be food focused when you're completely not eating anything, at least I'll say it's easy to take your mind off food, because you could just start your self-look. There's no food, there's nobody coming. No one's having to help. That's it. My little not think about it. In many cases, people when they eat a bunch of food all the time, they're kind of in a parasympathetic state, kind of a state of relaxation and digestion, and that's they can make you feel a little bit drowsy and make your head a little bit fuzzy. If you are fasting, it can actually raise your fight or flight hormones just a little bit to keep you feeling really razor sharp. Believe it or not, not eating for a whole day can sometimes make you feel kind of sharper. It can give you a little bit more clarity than you're used to, and that can be quite nice in and of itself. People report this all the time with fasting. I do an idea of fasting. I feel so fucking clean and sharp and focused. It definitely happens to many people. And as a stand alone by itself for your health, at least acutely, your glucose and insulin and fat dynamics in your bloodstream, all improve like crazy. Fasting in one little day is a very healthy for your longevity, long-term health, total inflammation, all that stuff. Really starts to fix up. So definitely some acute health benefits there. And of course, because you didn't eat anything all day long, you burned a lot of fat in one day. So it's absolutely green checkmarking you on your way to your goal of being leaner. So those are all distinct upsides. However, there are downsides with one whole day of fasting, on occasion, or even just at one point. First, some people have this mental clarity experience with fasting. Other people do not. Other people just get annoyed and become very hungry. And someone's like, how did your fast go? You're like, fuck and tear, why didn't you eat anything? What did you think it was going to be? Guess that's what it was going to be like, huh? Other people say it's great. Well, like, fuck all those other people. I'm going to eat those people when I see him next time, and I'm on a fast. Okay, fine. Fasting can's happy of energy. But it's not a mystery as to how this happens. You see the food that you eat that has the energy. And when you don't eat the food, you don't get the energy. Now sometimes your body's on a dog and a system's going to kick up. You get a little bit of a sympathetic fight or flight response. You feel like you have plenty of energy. But for some people that doesn't quite work that way, and they're more on the side of like, if I don't, if I eat everything's a junkie door, if I don't eat, I eat my energy. Level is destroyed and I just kind of moped around all day and kind of sit there cold and a blanket and then nothing good happens. That's totally a possibility with fasting. Outside of the challenge itself, occasional fasting seems to not confer any dependable long-term health benefits or psychological upsides. So if it's cool and fun and you really like it, amazing. If it's something that's super inconvenient, you fucking hate doing it, it's not that you should feel compelled to do it because of all but it hasn't least benefits. Fasting doesn't have any more benefits than controlling your calories for several months at a time and losing fat. If you do it by intermittently fasting and then eating normal, or if you do it by eating a little bit less each day, you get essentially the same outcome. So fasting is not critical. And so there's no long-term upsides that you should be like, like, you're half to fast. We should have, Scott, we should thumbnail and title this video like fasting must do's and it's like total fucking click make. Because like, we actually don't have to fast. Another thing is most of you guys watching this channel at least do good deal if you train really hard, right? You're using the RPH purtrafy app, link in description. Ah, you guys like that? That's called funnel hacking. I think it's what Vichred does. If you're training hard, fasting does not comport with that at all. If you're training hard that day, you want to eat that day to power your training. If you're training hard that day, you want to eat later that day to power your recovery. If you're not training on that day, you could be recovering like, whoa, by eating good nutritious food and getting plenty of rest of your relaxation and sleep. But if you're fasting that day, I mean, you're not recovering at all. Like, you're starving. And starvation does not confer recovery. Not by a little, not by a lot. So if you were in the process of being a physical individual who lifts weights, who does sports, fasting, it does not really a lot of intersections with that because you're much better off actually recovering and eating nutritious food than fast. And to that end, fasting will make you lose some muscle. Now, if you just do it one day here one day there, you gain all that muscle back and all problem. But if you want to maximize muscle growth and minimize muscle loss in any kind of plan, fasting the opposite of muscle growth promotes a lot of muscle loss. Muscle loss, you have to get back later. So really when you think about it, if you're trying to be jacked and lean, fasting, there's no direct route by which fasting is the thing that you should be doing, chairedably. So those are the downsides. As I see it, one of the best practices you can take away from this whole discussion. First, nobody needs to fast for a whole day or two or three, but he needs that. If you do fast, drink plenty of fluids in electrolytes, get rid of zeroes. Don't stand up too quickly, especially if you're not used to it because of orthostatic hypertension, you could actually pass out. That happens. If you don't eat for a whole day, you get up really quick. Your blood sugar is like fuck you and you're like, oh, I'm on the ground now. And I'm waking up and there's blood everywhere. And there's demons everywhere. I died and went to hell. Finally. Finally, it happened to me. I died and went to hell and I'm so excited. I used to be a professional singer. Every now and again, I loop back to singing. And when I sing most people have nothing to say about it because they're so fucking Austroken, how good I am. Other people will talk about angels and about like Madonna. People compare me to Prince. I'm just tired of it. I just got out of the whole singing business. This is too much of this too much gossip about me. I want to support science instead. In any case, careful standing up quick. Take it easy. Don't do too much physical activity. If you do a ton of physical activity while you're night eating food, again, it's going to be an insane amount of fatigue you'll have to deal with later or deal with right then and there because you'll like hit the wall. I mean, I can't walk around anymore. I can't move dehydrated. All that's really bad stuff. And big one. If you do fast on occasion, because they make you feel great, fucking keep doing them. Amazing. Don't go back to binging on bullshit the day after. Right? It's this classic trope of the fucking cigarette smoking beer drinking cheeseburger eating hipster with the little hipster body. Again, I'm working on it. I'm trying to get into Hollywood, but you know, slow roll like sweet, my man. And like, yeah, I'm going to do a fast. I'm going to do a cleanse man and really bad to my body. And I'm like, yeah, that's good. What do you get to do after that? Back to the bullshit, bro. Fucking cheeseburgers and Twinkies and cigarettes. And you're like, ah, fuck. So if you're willing to invest a day long fast to get your health started feeling good, little cleanse, keep it going. The day after the fast, don't just go get pizza. That's what your body's going to want. Go get some healthy food and keep the health shit going. Because eating healthy food in moderation is not nearly as difficult as fasting. So if you fast for a day or two and then you start your healthy diet, that could be a really great transition. But a lot of people who fast for a day or two after that, like, woo, I did it. I'm finally healthy. Let's go ruin it again by eating McDonald's for three hours straight. And I'm going to do it. There is no avoiding hard training if you want to grow. But if you want to grow the most, your training needs to be hard and smart. RP, hypertrophy app will make sure you're progressing on track, monitoring and adjusting your workout at all times. So for all that work you're doing, you can be sure you're getting the best results. If you don't fast on occasion, but you're lean and active, you do not need to fast. And if you do fast, unless it's the psychological benefits, you're just not getting a lot out of it. Especially with the trade-offs of daily energy decline from fasting, the necessity of eating around your workouts, of building muscle continuously throughout the day, no, there is, yes, there is an increase in growth hormone when you're fasting. Because growth hormone has multiple functions in the body and one of them is to liberate fat for use by the rest of your body. That's why the growth hormone's bigger curse. And if the growth hormone spike occurs without the presence of carbohydrates and amino acids, which are things you get from food, they actually does not cause any muscle growth. It just causes fat loss, which, duh, you're fasting and not much else. So don't think that fasting is going to get you jacked because of growth hormone spike. That is a myth would just kill right here and that does not happen. Because to get jacked, you have to eat food. That's how that works. So fasting, it can be cool for psychological reasons. It can feel really cleansing. It's definitely not bad for your health and it can be a slight positive in some context. Do it right. If you're going to do it, but if you don't do fasting, just eat well, train hard, lean, be happy, and occasionally. Just think about exposing a part of your body that you typically don't show in a weird social context, which you could get in trouble for. It's exhilarating. And that's all I'm going to say. Oh, wait. I purchased a nap, link into the description. Just give it some thought as we're trying to say. Send me DMs. I'm waiting for your DMs of your nudity. See you guys next time.