The feeder workouts are not something that typically works on a full-time including basis. You're not like, yeah, I've been doing bicep. The feeder workouts for a year, like that's probably not the smartest way to do. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Feet or workouts, should you be doing them? So, feeder workouts are a thing that I have been asked about. Approximately nine trillion times. That's a rough estimate, but in order of magnitude it works. And what the hell are feeder workouts? First of all, just to clear you guys in that are not in the note. But if you Google it a lot, a lot shows up. Basically, feeder workouts, and I really just don't, I don't understand what the term feeder where that term comes from. And I can commentantly don't care enough to find out. And don't tell me, I don't want to do not tell me in the comments where feeder workouts turn comes from. But I can define it for you. Feet or workouts are when you do like usually one to two sets. Maybe a few more of an isolation movement typically. On your off days from training or on your training days for another muscle group just later in the day. And you do these usually often. So they're kind of extra workouts that are just one or two or three sets of an isolation movement taken close to failure. And you kind of sprinkle them in throughout the week outside of your major sessions of training for any muscle and even that muscle itself. So for example, you would do like three feeder workouts for your biceps a week where you would do two normal workouts. Let's say you train chest and then biceps, which train back and then biceps another day. And a couple of times throughout the week, you get like the 20 pound dumbbells and you smash like two myorepsets or something of dumbbell curls. Like you know, you're studying at home and then after you're done studying like for 30 minutes, freshen up, just do some curls and then go back to studying. That's how I've seen it done before. And so these workouts are like the ultimate hack. Everyone thinks that this is how you get jacked and this is the thing that works. And it's obviously if you haven't tried them, you're an idiot. You just not available to the secret. You know, in cell, read it part of the internet that knows how to get jacked, but apparently never post pictures in the cells. Stay calm, in cells. I am actually yes talking about you. So the upsides, you guys thought I was just going to shit on it. But I know where is there are actually upsides. If you have a constraint schedule and you don't have as much training time for big to our long workouts, just getting in some work here and there, one or two sets at a time every few days can let you get way more volume in in that constraints schedule for a muscle or two that you're targeting for extra growth, totally. Another benefit is that you're kind of always hitting that muscle fresh. I mean, if you do a feet of work out for biceps, you just start with biceps and end with biceps. It's two sets or one set or three sets of biceps, you're fresh. You're ready to go. No problem. The thing is, is that some muscles recover much faster than the rest. So for example, if you're training your rear delts and you train them twice a week with other muscle groups, it could be that they're recovered like later that day. Some muscles can be trained five or six times a week and recover just fine between training sessions. And if you're training them with just one or two sets at a time, they can for sure recover on time. So that's definitely a good thing. A lot of people say, well, feet of workouts are stupid because you train once or twice a week for every muscle and that's good enough. For some muscles it is. And then you know, your glutes, your pacts, they'll take a few days or recover for sure. Maybe longer, but like your forearms, your biceps, your side delts, something like that, maybe even your calves and some, some circumstances. They can recover quick. So if a muscle can recover quick and if you're already recovering enough to train that muscle, then you want the best gains, you maybe train that muscle and then it'll work and that'll be great. And lastly, slower twitch muscles and some people have a proportionally higher fraction of slower twitch muscle and some muscle and their body likes slower twitch biceps or forearms or triceps or whatever. And those individuals with a higher proportion of slower twitch muscle fibers is that really a good dependable way outside of muscle biopsy that you can find out if your muscles are slow twitch or not. But you will find out through a variety of proxies, one is like they respond better to higher reps and lower reps and two, they recover really fast. Like people who take days and days to recover between muscle groups are typically on average by a small margin, have more faster twitch fibers. People who can recover very rapidly or typically slower twitch, which also means they're typically not a strong. It means the joints and connective tissues won't take as much of a beating. They can recover within hours or days instead of days and potentially even up to a week. And they also struggle to grow as much and the muscle turnover rate is faster. So four people who have that muscle fiber characteristic or more of it rather, feeder workouts may actually be just the more logical prescription because if you recover faster and you need a more consistent stimulus to grow, feeder workouts are just that more consistent stimulus. So kind of nobody lost nobody found problem auto-sol. There are downsides however, so let me get to those. First you need to have equipment around. If the fuck are you supposed to do a feed of workout if you're working on an office? Because you're just going to get a fuck too trash can. Bro, and just curly shit. You curl the first one. The garbage and dumps it on you. You're like, fuck, I might as well dump the rest of the garbage. And then that one girl from a hiding lock saying, and she's like, oh my god, Frank, there's the garbage on you. We really can send you and you kneel down. And this is appropriate. In these cases, you're like, I fucking, I'm just garbage in your eyes. Please step on me. And she's like, oh my god, you. Okay, yeah. And then you're in. But if you're not in, it's just like another sexual harassment lawsuit, which is like, I'm saying, figure tape that shit. Your boy's on number 51. Anyway, you don't have barbells and dumbbells laying in your fucking room, your house, you actually go to the gym, feeder workouts, the sort of out. You can do them with bodyweight stuff, but that really limits things. Next, your warmups need to be very limited to save time. Because if you're doing workouts with intense or intense, complete warmups, three sets to warm up, she, you know, this is going to be like a lot of time you spend. Now it's not a feeder workout, really. You're just like training a lot. And it takes a lot of time and maybe gives you better results, but just in the way of saying, hi, frequency. It's not a special thing. The thing with feeder workouts is that you're kind of like, your set is the working set and the warmups set. So a big rule, which I'll repeat again later, is high-wrap training is the only way to do this. If you do this heavy, since it's a 5 to 10, even sets up 10 to 15 to have it, you can get hurt rather, more technically than probability of getting hurt is. I find not reasonably worth the trade off. Since the 15, 20, 25, 30 reps, yeah, you can just pick up some dumbbells. Iceilation movement, especially if you go slow on the eccentric and, and it maybe get a little going quickly on your reps, as you go through the set and feel warmer, then it's totally fine in that case. But a lot of times it's a little bit hard to go hard. It's a little difficult to go hard on a set and really actively some muscle fibers. If it takes, you're not clued in yet. Like warmups really act to be you now to play the dream within a dream, fucking sequence here, if you are more slower twitch, and you want to grow your muscles and the vast proportion of your muscles that you're trying to grow, the muscle fibers are slower twitch, then actually they're fully active and being stimulative hypertrophy without you ramping the nervous system at all. You got to ramp the nervous system at all and to hit the bigger, faster twitch motor units. And if your muscle that your train with heater sets isn't really super fast to which anyway, it's kind of like, well that's okay as soon as you start rap one, you know that hypertrophy gains are coming. So it might be the very small gains, but with higher frequency, using a good dedicated block of this kind of stuff, you can make some progress. Another downside. The literature on this is not ultra compelling, but it's also at the same time pretty clear. Anabolic resistance accumulates in proportion to how much volume you do, and in proportion to how frequently you do that. If you train your legs once every three or four days, it's going to take you like, oh four to six weeks to get pretty resistant and about lead to more leg growth before you deal out or take some time away or switch at your size or something. But if you train like every day for the same muscle or even every other day, definitely every day, you know, just a few weeks later, you're going to be spinning a lot of wheels and more than you are growing. You're still grow, but the magnitude of growth quickly levels off. So feet of workouts are not something that typically works on a full timing, including basis. You're not like, yeah, I've been doing bicep feet of workouts for a year. Like, that's probably not the smartest way to do it. I'll talk about what a smarter way to do it. It doesn't suck, but it's probably not training. I'll try every one to see for weeks and weeks and weeks and months and months and months. Because Anabolic resistance, you're a propensity to grow muscle from further exposure to training, and it starts to fall off. If you choose the wrong movements or your technique is off, and you're training that five or six times a week with no warm-up, you can wreck temporarily, of course, your joints and connective tissues. They just put them in a real bad way. So you've got to be careful about this kind of stuff. And this is distinct downside. Some of the gay men of Fook and Albo's agree I would have been doing like, Fook, feet of workouts, triceps, dynchins, every five hours. I can tell you why they're elbows hurt. It's the feet of workouts every five hours. There's no, there's no run-up to that joke. Lastly, a big downside is, you know, you make a lot of progress warming up and doing basic compound heavy shit. In your actual dedicated two to four time a week per muscle hypertrophy or strength training sessions. And if you do too many feet or workouts between sessions, you're going to be sapped and not recovered and not progressing in your actual sessions. It's like trying to get as many calories in as you can, but for your four meals a day that you got a snatch calories, you're not eating much because you're snacking so much between meals. Either way, ends up the calories. Some people, if they snack, it's great. That's how they get the calories. But for other people, snacks really crush their appetite and that continual input of snacks means they just won't eat them in calories. So you've got to kind of find out which person you are. In this case, some people can recover totally fine from feet of workouts. And it's really from most people a matter of how much they do. But there is a way very easily that many people can get themselves into situation with they just get like what I would call like volume greedy. They go, oh my god, I'm a fucking god or frequency greedy. Then I guess I'm going to do feet of workouts and do every fucking hour. I'm kidding this every day or four days a week. And I'm also going to do my biceps sessions the other two days a week. And after two weeks, they're like go to the regular biceps session and I'm like fuck man, I'm just gasped for all my biceps. I've nothing. And it's like, well, you train them 18 times the last two weeks. The fuck are they supposed to recover? So there's an imbalance with feet of workouts between stimulus and recovery that can really occur. All your stimulus is fucking happening. You're doing it. But your recovery is so low. The adaptive processes might have trouble. And then once you recover, sinks low enough, even preventing a good stimulus is tough because it's just too tired. It's like if you have ever picked up like three girls at the same time at the club. And they're like just do it's just do with dxt. You're just do the thing that you do to us with your with your jadded allus and you're like, well, I don't think my knees. And get ready. Hey, go. You'll get tired. And then girl number three is like, kind of felt like maybe you took it out on all the other two girls. And you're like, well, yeah, six hours of sex is a gift I have from God, but God did not give me the ability to have seven hours of real sound. I'm just going to shut up. I'm going to get myself canceled again. Isn't that right? It's got the video guy. In any case, recommendations. First, before you go to try feet or workouts, try to save yourself. For marriage, see, is turned into a wholesome family channel, try to save yourself for focused hard sessions, two to four times a week. That's how grandpa made his gains. That's how dad made his gains. And then dad, mama dad didn't get along that one time and dad went away for three to six months, but then he came back and he started doing two to four sessions just like he was doing in prison. So the core element here is that great sessions coupled with enough time to get great recovery, to build the foundation for another great session is a formula that works with the best of all of them on average. And it's the one you should try first. But if you have done this for a while and especially on some muscle groups that seem to be really hard to stimulate a ton and one session, like there's only so much you can do for your biceps sometimes and you're like, you know, I train them so hard and I can I can definitely do more sessions per week than I am. Then maybe you can experiment with feeder sets for a mesocycle or something like that just four to six weeks and see how you progress. Right. And in the RPI purge of the app, you can actually put in feeder sets if you like. You just throw extra biceps in that the end of each workout. When you complete the workout, complete the biceps stuff, leave it alone and then later that night you're like, oh, shit, actually, do biceps. I just want to head up. You know, 30 reps of curls and say complete and then you're good to go. Some muscles are going to be better candidates than others. Feet or sets on quads, you're a fucking insane. You're going to blow your legs right off your body or just get so tired. You're not going to be able to recover. You're going to have shitty workouts. Your legs might stretch a shrink and more endurance athlete type of stuff. Chest, back, typically is not a good idea. One of the stupidest ideas I heard was from a bodybuilding coach I won't name about 15 years ago. He said the key to a big back was to do 50 chin ups every day. I don't think a single one of his athletes could have done 50 chin ups in a session that was less than an hour long and I don't think he'd had ever done that himself. I just don't know why he said it. But if you tried that shit, you would grind your shoulders and elbows off the fucking butt at the stump. Stupid a shit I've ever heard. Big muscle groups that are strong do not do feeder sets for them. Do regular conventional training because both from muscular perspective, from a neurological and central nervous system perspective, and from the perspective of joint and connective tissue integrity, you want to have plenty of recovery time between these sessions. However, for muscles like forms and biceps and rear-and-side delts, they're not particularly positioned to take a lot of damage. They're not particularly bigger strong in most cases. So you can crank out lots of volume with them over the course of the week and if each session is, well, stimulative but not too voluminous one or two sets at a time, you can crank away and get pretty good results and you won't break apart like Mr. Potato had. Definitely don't do them all the time. Again, a mesocycle at a time see how your results progress. They're not, they are not the magic tool that everyone is fucking doing. There is this real big dichotomy between shit that jacked people actually do and shit you see on Reddit that people with no profile picture say jacked people actually do. Because if you go out, I'm not to pick on Reddit, you can go on 8chan, 4chan. I was going to say another joke that I say this word and we're going to scan for sure. Easy Mike. There are people that will confidently assure you that XYZ method or food or approach or supplement is of the way to do things. Some fraction of those people are completely correct. Some fraction of those people are marginally correct to sort of nuance to what they're saying. And some of those people are just making shit up whole cloth or just work for them and works for fucking nobody else. There's this community of people who think feedersets are like the answer. Some of them are just repeating shit they heard other people say. Some of them are genetically just not very prone to getting jacked because they are slow twitch and fiber composition and average more than other people and actually for them feedersets work. But that does not guarantee that they're going to work for you. There are no fucking hacks folks. There are no hacks. They don't exist. They don't exist. They don't have a lot of exists at your gym. But after you do, if you set the 10 on that, you realize that is not a hack that is just straight up like, not really hard work. So don't think like a feeder sets. That's the thing, right? If you are struggling with your muscle game, there is no penicia that will come save you. None. An including metabolic steroids. Because if you take them, sometimes you get amazing results. Sometimes your genetics sucked for steric compatibility and you just get like test flu and dick else happens to you and you don't gain much muscle. So don't think that this is the answer, the solution. Think this is an interesting tool. You can try to put in your toolbox and use for about a month at a time and see how your results progress. For these one mesocycle sprints of using feeder sets, if you're going to do them, I would recommend doing them like this. Let me tell you guys about the RP Hypertrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app, you can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they are written by E person on this app programs everything for you. Exercise is weights, sets, reps, frequency, thought, whole thing. After every single workout, every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now, you're pretty interested in the app, download the RP Hypertrophy app today. If you are able to turn it up psychologically after minimal warm-up or no warm-up at all, totally cool. Don't rush. Don't pick up the weights and just start doing this. What I would suggest for feeder sets really is to take a weight that is 20 to 30 percent or sorry, 23 to bring. Somewhere between 20 and 30, RM, right, rep max. You do like five reps with it nice and slow and then put the dumbbells down and weight like 30 seconds. Stretch it out, move around. That's a good enough warm-up for most cases that you just highly likely get hurt. Then crank the set and go real close to failure and I would actually recommend doing my reps like two break my reps. So hit like 15, rest a little while, hit another five. Eight or some shit, rest a little while and another five and then you're good. Nice swollen pump, everything's great. Hyreps only, no rush, one extra warm-up of five reps with the working weight is going to take 30 seconds to do and then 30 seconds later, you're going to be able to go again. That's one extra minute of your day. If you four feeder sets a week, that's four fucking minutes of the week that can take your injury propensity and you're doing connective tissue strain that you put a net because you know the first set always feels like shit, the second set feels way better and just radically reduce it. I'd say that's a really good return investment. If you're getting great pumps, keep doing it, keep doing it. If you're not getting great pumps, it's probably not whole lot is happening. You're just getting more tired. If you're joined to connective tissues or handling it well, amazing. Do not be that person. It's again then, fucking my reps on tries to pick extensions every hour, or early my joints, but like, fucking war out there, brother. No, don't, don't do anything to fuck up your joints. You've got to take care of them, shit. They're going to be in there for the long haul. If it doesn't affect the rest of your program, you're good to go. If you're coming in and you're underhand pull ups, your rosers still go. Your biceps aren't tired because the 16 hours before that you did a feeder set or two, your biceps healed amazing. If they're not healed, push that workout back, reduce the volume, do something to it so that your core workouts for the muscle groups involved are still awesome. And if it seemed to give you good results, sometimes you can visually after a month be like damn, your boys can fucking jack, or your weights and reps in the feeder workouts are going up pretty impressively. And, or your weights and reps in your regular workouts are going up, or after you take a deal with week you come into your regular workouts, you're literally fucking shit. My biceps bigger and stronger. This is fucking amazing. Then you're onto some shit. If that doesn't happen to you in a mesocycle, take two mesocycles back in normal training, come back and try it again. If I want to try something just once, usually, especially if it doesn't hurt you. Try it again. Ultra some things, modify some things, be more intelligent. I would start with something like two extra feeder workouts of one myor upset each per week. Try that for a month. That might help. If that doesn't work, you gotta think okay, it was a too much stimulation or too little stimulation. Because it could have been like yeah, a little pomp and then that and it just not enough. I never got tired and I never got sore and I've got fatigued. My workouts never got interfered with. Try three or four. If on the other hand, you try three or four and I got to wait too much. Try two to three again. Somewhere over one or two mesocycles or maybe three, you're going to figure out this fucking sweep. I got something really good. I need to change something. I need to switch machines or for juxturizers, etc. Or this isn't, and that's totally fine because there's always conventional, awesome training that'll hook you up. By the way, have you downloaded and paid me money for the RP hypertrophy app? My butler's checked. It doesn't seem like your your gold coins. From John Wick, slid under my fucking under the table to so that I can go by cool underworld stuff like John Wick does. It's going to say underworld amber guideas, but I have a room with my botlers. Anything you bring into my home, which is acres of property, needs to be totally legal, especially the Lamborghini's. In any case, link in the description, go get that app and members. We always have more videos for you and they're always nerdy and they're always sciencey or they're just me making penis jokes. But god damn, do I get an enrol? So check out the member section as well. And see you guys next time.