If you train really, really hard, it's kind of always time-each-arched. But shit if I'm not selling hard training with that line, uses no one on train-arch. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSOXPIRDization. Welcome back to another five rules video. This time the five rules of carbs, ye shall not snack. I mean, fuck that rule. Snack away. All right, five rules of carbs. More like helpful hints to understand where carbs are, then rules. But there's the five rules video series. It's got the video guy said Mike, we need five rules for everything. And I was like, I don't think that... We're working like that. He's like, shot up and dough it. I was like, okay, okay. And I just started typing really fast. So here's where it came out. In any case. I'm in the last one. Oh, he looks angry. But I can't say I hate that look. Well, angry man, I should just... I should just give lecture. Here we go. Number one, good to understand that carbs help with energy for fitness pursuits and for work. Carbs are the best fuel for thinking. Barnon, yes, sometimes for some people, low carb diets, cause a sense of mental clarity and mild euphoria. But for most people to get that from eating carbs in a well balanced diet. And if you're going to take a test of mental ability, you're going to be really sharp for an interview. I highly recommend you eat carbs beforehand. The brain's number one preferred source of fuel is drum roll glucose, which I don't know if you've heard is a carb. Recovery is hugely potentiate by carbs. Sleep is helped a ton by carbs. And muscle growth is helped a ton by carbs. If you have a compelling reason to eat low carb or 90 carbs at all, by all means, not must I do your thing. But if you don't, it is a good idea to eat carbs. You don't have to eat a ton of them, but some of them are really good. So if you say look, I mostly like to eat proteins and fats. What are the advantages to eating carbs again? You just heard them. Rule number two, pair your carbs to your calorie levels and to your activity levels. So for example, if you're eating much more protein than fat, your carbs need to come down. Because your total calories are the most important part about your diet. And if your activity levels are coming up and you want to have lots of energy and be able to recover, eating more carbs is a good idea. So for example, if you are on like a walking tour of the monuments of Rome or something, he will carcass us probably pretty sharp. If you are doing a big gym day with two workouts or something, if you have a big event day for cross for something, carbs can help you. If you're lower in activity, mostly sitting around, checking emails on the iPad, watching a Netflix video or two on a lazy Sunday, you can have carbs. Again, if you reduce your fats, for example, keeping a protein stable, but you don't need a ton of carbs necessarily. Unless you train really frequently, maybe six days a week and really hard, Sunday, then if you don't train is a really good time to really get a lot of carbs into your muscles, into your glycogen stores so you can recover better and perform better later. So if you train really, really hard, it's kind of always time to eat carbs. Which shit if I'm not selling hard training with that line, uses no one to train hard. Number three, rule for most meals that you eat and by you, I mean, person who is interested in fitness and health, I highly recommend that the majority of your carbs come from a combination of veggies, fruits and whole grains. They are the most nutrient dense, they are the healthiest, they keep your energy levels the most stable, they keep you regular in the poop place, leave it's called a colon or, you know, or geez, all the jokes I have cut up are not for the YouTube audience. Can you imagine that? Just going to shut up. In any case, they also have another benefit. These kinds of carbs are the most filling, they keep you satiated and not hungry for the longest time and that's really good, especially if you're on a fat loss diet or just trying not to be a total pig and gain weight for no reason. Can you have other kinds of carbs or more processed carbs? Yes, there's a matter of fact, that's my next rule. Remember for, if you're eating a base of veggies, fruits and whole grains, but you're losing weight when you don't want to be or you're trying to gain weight, but you just can't stuff in the food down your gullet because you're so full all in time, take your average carb intake and increase the degree to which it is processed, refined, more sugary. I know it's crazy, it's most to kill you, it doesn't. If you're hard training athlete in a relatively lean, you're totally good to go eating that especially if you want to gain weight in purpose. So for example, if you're typically eating brown rice, switch to light rice. It's your typically eating like actual grains of rice, normal rice prepared, switch to cream of rice. It'll go down faster and more processed versions of carbohydrates just digest quicker, easier faster. Doesn't make them any healthier, but not really any less healthy on average. But just means you can get in more food, also more processed carbs, tend to get into the blood stream and back into your cells or not back in. They didn't come from your cells, getting from the gut to the bloodstream to your cells more quickly so that you can actually become hungry faster instead of wanting to eat every three hours, you might want to eat every two, which if you're trying to cram in the food to gain weight, oh my god, that's a god send. Now, here's the other thing. If you're on a fat loss diet, you're trying to restrict the amount of calorie eating, but you don't want to nod your own hand off with hunger. I recommend having most of your carbohydrates come for veggies and maybe fruits and a few whole grains. So we have processed and the SO veggies, fruits, whole grains, processed carbs. That's how it looks on a fat loss diet. Out of maintenance, plan on my look like this. And when you really need to gain it, it's kind of weight. It looks like that. Not so many veggies. Trust me, you'll still be regular if you do enough food. Seast it amount of fruits, but not a ton. Plenty of whole grains and a crap load of processed carbs. Wala, weight gain is yours. There is no avoiding hard training if you want to grow. But if you want to grow the most, your training needs to be hard and smart. RP Hiperchrophy app will make sure you're progressing on track, monitoring and adjusting your work out at all times. So for all that work you're doing, you can be sure you're getting the best results. Lastly, could not have this be omitted rule number five is sugar is totally fine. So long as most of your carbs come from high fiber sources like fruits and veggies, whole grains, sugar is not inherently bad for your health somehow. It is a matter of fact, in your bloodstream it's all sugar. The only real carbohydrate molecule that's supposed to be in your blood is glucose. If you have other ones in there that could not be a great thing. Yes, fructose gets in the liver and stuff like that and that's totally fine as well. But generally everything breaks down into sugar and your body uses simple sugars and most of its processes, the sugar can't be that bad for you and all the research says it's not. What is bad for you is eating so much sugar that's so tasty that's combined with fat, candies and cookies and ice cream. That's not low fat food group that I just listed there. That's how you get super fat, super unhealthy and super out of shape. Sugar by itself is not a problem. So if you mostly well and you want to have a bit of sugar here and there, especially if you're really active, it's awesome. It's totally okay and you won't die unless you have, you know, like some kind of sugary cereal when you walk out into the street and you know, just trying to clean the streets and you're not paying attention in that street sweeper car just knocks right into you. The bad news is it's going to kill you. That's a heavy vehicle. The good news is it as you get instantly killed with a concussion force and swooped under the car. Well, it might actually clean up your dead body on the way. It's like it never happened. Is that the perfect crime? My mafia instincts or it just drags your ass and the spreader thingies that clean just make this eight foot wide, two mile long trail of blood. Hopefully it doesn't happen on a school day before this kids get out to go to the bus. Some of those kids will never have any other dreams again. I'll shut up now. I'll see you guys next time. But wait before you go, like subscribe comment. If you like more of this kind of insanity, but with much more knowledge, a member area has way more nerdy videos. And if you want even more nerd stuff, team full rom forum, which is a few extra thousand dollars a second, I'm kidding, that's expensive. You can have me answer your questions live every week and we do all kinds of helping each other out with technique and also other stuff. So give it a look. It's all in the description below and I'll see you guys next time.