We're moving our shoulders as a sh**tload. I'm trying to use weight to me other muscles. We're at a 60's heading outside. Like, you're just trying to get it up. The f**k that's sh**t. If you can use less weight and get more out of it, why not? Yo, YouTube, what up? We got... Ork it. We got Dylan. We have the United States of America. And we have formerly Benusuela. And our formerly the Soviet Union, but since communism is objectively terrible, get triggered in the comments. We're here in newly minted American citizen, Lex Lewis is Dragon's Layer Gym. And we're going to train chest and we're going to do it science style. He's guys here. Our team full-romb lifers. They are the pristine epitome of unbelievable technique. Not sure you believe me. Let's go train chest and find out. Where's your feather? Where's the app? He'll be here. He'll be here. I have a feeling about him. Let's go train. Incline dumbbell press for Dylan. For Odeh, it's going to be flat dumbbell press. You guys are going to notice a few things. One is the guys are always controlling the eccentric. Two is they call for a super deep stretch. When guys stop, trying to keep their elbows in for pack activation or whatever, which may have its merits. A lot of times they'll stop way above if you go that extra three inches. Guys know that shit is important. One and a half inches for me. I've never been hard around a woman. Now the music stops. In any case, it's important to get that extra deep stretch and I'm coming out of it to get that full range all the way at the top. Various parts of that are more important than others. The eccentric control is the most important. The next most important, passively tied for importance is getting that deep stretch. If you come up and go almost all the way to lock out no big deal at all as long as you can replicate that rep, you're good to go. You don't have to lock out your chest reps. If you feel a better stimulus to fatigue ratio with that partial bottom arm, if there is zero excuse for not stretching it back some of them at the way. And I eat a ton of, the guys doing it are totally cool. We all have a different way to train, but I eat, eat, eat. When guys stop their chest presses needlessly high motherfuckers, I know you can go lower. And I know you can get that deep stretch on the pecks. And I know that'll cause you more soreness and growth and everything that is good. So next time you want to do partial reps, do them at the bottom and set up the top. We can harden yourself that easy. If the target the pecks that easy, let's go do some more. There it is. Holy shit. Holy shit. There we go. As if another very old you can't help. That's like everything. Good stuff, man. They don't know better than me. I don't know. I'm just looking at cues for my stuff. Now, don't do this a lot. I try and do it up. This is my client for two years. Still not client for a while. Guys, I just thought it was my client. This is spoiling us rock. Hot team, that's not the perfect fuck. Now, press your press by pushing your chest up. You're moving your shoulders as a ship, but we try to use weight to me other muscles. Nice indeed. Press with your chest. Chest in the ceiling right now. It's going to be harder. Chest in the ceiling. Big chest. Big chest. Yeah. Yeah. Good breath. Good breath. All right, go to the sixties. Go to the sixties, I'm going to accept it. I want you to push your pecks to the ceiling and just use your pecks as your press. And you're going like this. Like, you're just trying to get it out. You're fucked, that's it. Yeah. If you can use less weight, you can get more out of the why not. Yeah. We're going to milk that pause, definitely pull it. Brapped. It was possible for us to take each to do even better the last time we've had big chest. Yes. Well done. All right, all right. I think about using the pecks right off the bottom. Chest to the ceiling. Here you go. Big and hard. Just push me. Big chest for a ceiling. To the ceiling, to the ceiling, to the ceiling right now. Yes. Smooth. Sailing, sealing, sealing, sealing, sealing. Good breath. Better. The last time we trained together, month and a half ago, Jared had mentioned something to me about like watching my technique. He's like, you know, how many more weeks do you have? And he essentially told me like, I had to check and go failure with the target muscle. And then I actually like wet my chest kind of cave down and went beyond it. So like this last couple of months, I've just really really focusing on maintaining good technique throughout the whole set. And it is so much harder. Like a 3-R-A-R with like not allowing your technique slipping is like the amount of effort that takes and like the amount of focus that takes. And just like the actual attention you feel through the pecs. And so like front-down tries to absolutely. I mean like the it proves the F-R right, but it also is just like if it just takes a lot more conscious. So I could be honest. Even with the 90s, you did really fucking good job. I was like, oh yeah, thank you. Yeah. Reach. Reach. There. Reach. Oh yes. Beautiful. You did high, you did high. So that you're hard, you got one of cave in. Yes. stable. It chest. It chest, it chest, it chest, it just hold time. Yes. That was your one. Reach up. That was your chest. That will be fucking shoulders. That's it. Yes. Yeah. Your flat dumb old press. So flawless. That if flat dumb old press was women, you became hard to actually know this month. Thank you man. Appreciate it. All in terms. Funny enough, did I improve a ton? Might technique execution. Have to get a huge shot out to Shimi. Shimi fucking had. This is going to get out of it right out. I thought I had good technique. On to the trim with. Respectively, they did flat and inclined dumb old press. That's finished. That's a 10 to 15 for that. That was time to probably again, more such a 10 to 15 with the flat machine press. We are using a model of the dragons layer. Arguably, maybe not even arguably the best human boss is. And there is this press here called the Matrix Press machine, cost $1,000. It's a fucking great machine. Slight downsides is that I personally don't like converging presses. I think because most of the emphasis has to be on the stretch anyway, the converging kind of takes away from that. And makes you focus on a contraction de-lessly. Also, if you're a large, especially for dealing size, you can run into your own packs and you can't even do a good contraction. So that's maybe not ideal. Also, the handles are independent. They can move independently. It's cool to do one arm presses through to that sort of thing. But there's a bit of a coordination problem. A really a lot of your band with goes to coordinating the movement. And I would rather be one fixed pressing implement. So you could really gear in instead of having to do the stability. Otherwise, the machine height is very, veryable. The seat is very, very valuable. So you can get a really good stretch in the handles. Really comfortable. And the machine is very smooth. So if you come to dragons layer, try the Matrix Chest Press, really fucks with it until you can get the deepest stretch in the world on hold it for a minute. Or minute, good. Got hold it for a second each time at the bottom. You might find some really good results. Big stretch before. Slow, big chest. Yes. As if another. Chest up. Chest up. Yeah. Stati. Chest. Stati. Let's go. Big chest. First the chest. First the chest. Then the chest. Finish. Finish. Slow. Yeah. Nice and slow. Big chest. Hold the chest, tomorrow. Good. Nice and slow. Oh, shit. Yeah, well, 19. Yeah. Chest up. No. Mine do. 15. You guys will notice that on a lot of the lifts, we cue the guys in by saying, as if another. As if you're going to do another concentric, you load the eccentric to prepare and then you let go of why. It's not a big deal. But if you did all the work for the concentric of the weight is in position, to give you an eccentric, amazing stimulus. That last drop, you're already muscle fibers are very close to failure, all the fastest motor twitch. Units are on, they're active, their muscles are ready to grow. That last eccentric half rep super deep and pause at the bottom. If you do it properly and expose your chest to whatever muscle you're doing, then it's a lot of hypertrophy for half a repetition. It's probably the most productive half rep that you do, the eccentric part of the rep, that you do the entire set. So why just let it go? Right? I guess terrible analogy is like, you know, finish off a date and this girl leaning in like, uh, and you're just like, and she's like, okay, we put a made out and you're like set up the whole thing and we just fucked off. Now there's a whole point of a date making out of the unknown. You know what I'm saying? There's always date number two. But if you set it up, might as well kick it. If you're already here, last rep might as well kick it. Don't go out there making out what people about their 생각 got down. Get out of here. Don't sink. Mark, it just makes more. Chest up. That way, just that way. We're shaking. We're shaking. Chest in it, chest. Protect me, good tech me. Slow. That's the flow. Open up, open up, chest up, chest up, chest up, shoulders back. Yes. Pause. Yes. Oh, good stuff. It's not fighting the, uh, David. Yeah, the last year of, I don't know. I thought it. I thought it. It's good. It's not good. You're terrible person. Try some push downs. Yeah. Super. Yeah. Down the body. Almost back. That way, you're gonna touch him behind your body. Yeah, good stretch. That way. Almost back. Chest up, rest down the body. Or it should be very close to no way down. Lock it all over, we got all over. We got all over, we got all over, we got all over, we got all over, we got all over, we got all over, we got all. One. One more. Back, back, chest, back, back, beat stretch. Try some, try some, try some, try some. Slow, big chest. Perfect. Well, harder, yeah. Way different. Yeah, thanks. You guys want to roll up your sleeves for the last sets here. I think the people need to see something. Okay, okay. Show us the doubt too, man. Roll up the whole card. Number. Go, as if another, go, go. Go, as if another, go. Right. Load it, slow. Take your time. Pause even. That's enough. That was back, really. Yes, sir. Yeah. Uh-oh. I was back, boom back, boom back, boom back, boom back, boom back, boom back. Down the body, right there. Woo! Yep, come on. That was back, come on, little body. Back, back, back, back, big stretch. Come on, go. As if another slower, ultra slow. You can do me a little back. Yep. It was really impressive, like, super, I want to least see me at a pro-card in the natural. That's a pro-card. You start doing drugs before you get your natural pro-card. I'll pull the drugs out of you myself. I basically told them the same thing. Manually, through your veins. Oh, really? Now you gotta call them, I was like, just load it up, bro. Dren, first cycle. You are ready behind, brother. Yeah. These guys have started age 15 nowadays. Yeah. We've got a start. First start, right? Yeah. Yeah, so, so, ain't a war, right? Excellent. Listen, we've got it all. Natural pro-card. Competa's natural for a pro-band. Yeah, like, the goal. Me and Skobu, Jarabadi, or like thinking back going back and forward between like, why would we be the best move? Yeah. And the goal is 20, 24. For the goal for WNVF? Yeah, great. And then we're working like great. Beautiful. Beautiful plan. I love that plan. All right, folks. Dylan, porque, Jared, Jared, Jared didn't do anything. I didn't do shit. These guys worked. Notice they got their pump covers halfway off, from whatever that makes me. Might be the food. Yeah. So, difference between drug free and not drug free, I'm kidding. There's a ton of different drugs. Just, yeah, he's drugs. He's drug free. Technique, technique, technique. And you notice they're working hard. This is a normal, normal week of training, not equally for them. This is real RINR training. When you pay attention to technique, it's top the shit. Do your best. Technique is number one. Then later, the effort, then later, the sets. And please file these guys on social media. If you want to learn a ton, they post tons of informative content. Tons of content about lifestyle, tons of content about how to do the exercises, right? And they're walking anatomy charts. And they're walking illustrations of basically perfect technique. Jared and I look up to these guys. We want to believe good technique. I don't even look at myself anymore. Matter of fact, I haven't looked in the mirror in years. Should I not? No. Don't look at the mirror. I don't like the person that scares back. Don't get mad or that you think. See you next time.