Hey folks, Dr. Mike Isrtle here with Renaissance Pure Disation. Today's video topic is one of the long topics in our long series of specializing on a specific muscle group. And today, finally, your patient weight has been rewarded by the gods on high. Especially the gods on low would be the devil and other sort of demons. Your patient has been rewarded. Quads, quad specialization is the topic. First question is why would we specialize on quads? Why can't you just train them normally? Totally fine. If you're training your quads normally and they're grown like weeds, hey, you just keep doing what you're doing. If you want to specialize, there could be a few reasons you wanted to do it. One, normal is not good enough. You want your quads to grow faster. For no good reason at all. Another one is you could just want your quads to be bigger than they are proportionally with rest of your body. That could be just because you want enormous quads. That's fun for its own sake. And two, your quads might really be lagging behind especially like your upper body or your glutes and ham's and calves are really big, but your quads are small. That's the awkward look at right now. So you want to train quads in order to really really excited against. And the cool thing about specialization is that if you limit the training of other muscle groups to some extent and you're really trained to live in crap out of a specific muscle group to some extent, then it allows your resources to shift towards supporting that muscle groups growth. Specialization is kind of like your number one ultimate. I'm going to try as hard as possible to grow this particular muscle effort. Whatever it's going to take, I'm going to put it in there. Right. Tier one priority versus the idea that you train, all your muscles relatively similarly. And then you say, you know what my mackards is just not growing like the rest of my body. Well, that's because you haven't tried this. This one weird trick. So what is the weird trick? Well, there's tons and that really tricks. But the basics of specialization, the very reason why it works is a couple of things and they're both the reasons why it works. And they are the things that actually specializations composed. Like armor on a tank is really thick and hard to penetrate. And that's also why it works. The reason it's there. So nothing penetrates it. You folks are familiar with penetration of all kinds. I'm sure you know what I'm talking about. I was talking about penetration testing in computer security, perverts. All right. So a couple of things we have to do if we're saying we're specializing. One is specificity. We're going to take the quads in this case, but really the supply is to every muscle. And we're going to choose exercises that we deem by some rational method to be the best exercises we know of for quads. We are going to choose modalities that we know correspond well to quads training. For example, heavy straight sets might be the thing that really gets us going. Or we know that my or ups work super great for quads. And we know dropsets maybe don't work as well because our lungs are super. The thing that ends up being a limiting factor and there's not a lot of quads training or lung training, cardiovascular training so we could keep those on the back burner or keep them away. We want to stick to our most powerful modalities that work really well. There is a time and training to experiment with other stuff and see how it works. Specialization is not that time. Specialization is the time to use the stuff you know works really well, but in an enhanced manner. And of course, that involves techniques. Like when you're doing a particular exercise, you're going to alter your techniques such that it hits quads the most. So for example, if you're squatting and I can squat back and down as much as you're just going to squat straight up and down. Letting a knees come forward, really taking load for the quads. And this affects things like repetition ranges. Right. Some time as quads respond really well to alter heavy. Sometimes I'll try to light sometimes in middle. If it's all three for you, then you can use all three ranges. But if heavy heavier heavier or lighter works better for you. It's probably good for you to focus more on that range during a specialization phase. Because again, we're really, really, really trying to grow our quads. But we got to use the best weapons that we have. Next, we have to use those weapons early when we are energized and fresh. So if you want to really focus on your quads, it's not a good idea to do stiff like it at first. And then calves first and hamstring curls first and then glutes. And then OIA quads that's right, a hate training them. So I put them in the end. Now in sense, you get too tired and your systemic fatigue limits your muscles ability to contract and stimulate growth. Your local fatigue. Actually, contributes to growth. So that's what we want to be limiting factor. So in many of the days of the week in which we design our program, maybe not all, but many. Quads are going to be either first or second on the dock and every time you step into the gym. That sucks. If you don't want big quads and your whos and you can't harden up training quads, damn it. Like men used to when they were men back in the third year here, the 50s. Unless you're good men. The 30s that 19 10s are real men not like today with TikTok. In any case, quads trained fresh quads trained with their best tools. And it's been shown numerous times that at least in short timesgales several months, higher frequencies that you can recover from generally tend to work better than lower frequency. If you really want to muscle the grown out, at some point the fatigue usually have joints and connective kind of takes off and hangs out and needs to be brought back down. So it's not really sustainable to train with all trying frequency. But the quads, if you want higher frequencies, don't train your legs once a week. That's not a like specialization plan. At least two times a week, quad training and sometimes three. The example I'll give you later is three times a week. And since quads really sap your systemic abilities, they contribute the most fatigue that any muscle group in the body by itself contributes. Like if you just train quads, you look a certain different way than if you just train ham's or just train back, you're the most tired you're the most dilapidated. And thus if you want quad training to go best with specialization, and you want to be able to do as much quad training as possible so the quads locally fatigue and that's what's stopping it from doing more. You're doing the most that the muscle can handle, not the most that the system can handle. You're going to want to bring down other muscle groups to maintenance volumes as the system fatigue isn't over one by them as well. So if you think of your resources, recovery adaptor resources that you have as a pie, if you're going to cut a big ass slice for the quads, the other slices are going to have to be smaller for your other muscles. Very straightforward. You know it's like you cut yourself a big slice and then grandma's like, oh I love cake. It's my birthday and you're like yeah grandma, here's a spoon full of cake. You're old, you don't need to be eating cake. Here's a smell of cake. What what's that? Don't have your sense of smell anymore? What's just called a nursing home then by locked up. Why would you ever speak to you grandma like that? That's between you and their computer screen in front of your face. So higher frequencies, awesome. That's going to impose a shitload of fatigue. So we're going to take some muscles, put them on back burner, how many muscles? Well here's the thing. Since quads have a shitload of systemic fatigue, I would recommend taking the number of muscles you think is going to be enough to lower to maintenance and add one group to that. Right? How many muscles typically in my experience do you have to reduce to maintenance level training? Which is like roughly a third of the volume. G-Wiz, you know, probably two or three if they're the average size muscle. So what I would say is if you want Crod priority, take chest and back, put them on the back burner, shoulders, biceps and triceps. Three muscles, but they're smaller all in the back burner. Quads on the front burner, hands, calves, and glutes on the back burner, totally fine as well. Ultimately, you could be insanely system-systemically prepared and be able to layer in tons of quad training without going down and all of your volumes for all the muscles. Or even many of them. But I would say is air on the side of going easier and more muscles. And if you're like, wow, man, I punished my quads that was great training, but honestly, bro, I think I could have done a little bit more back in chest and been totally fine. Hey, next time do it. But you don't want to do is do a situation where you like lower the other muscles just a tiny bit. And then a third of the way through your quad muscle cycle that's super specialized. You're like, man, I'm systemically just cashed out. I don't even want to be at the gym anymore. But how are you going to train quads? Arguably the hardest muscle to train with combination of how much amplitude and pain and external load it has to be used with. You want to give yourself all the advantages. All right. So when you're constructing your specialized plan, I would give some thought to two time or three time a week quad training frequency, three time as well. I'm going to be demoing here. And of course, ideally put the quads fresh and put the rest of the legs or some of a providing stuff on the back burner. That's probably a good idea. I mean, it's volume roughly a third of what you normally do for exercises. I mean, technically the answer is include all of the highest FR exercises that you know, you know, the top FFR exercises. But to me, that looks a lot like a core of leg presses, hacksquads, and freeweight squats or Smith machine squats or whatever. Sort of compound, heavy-ish, high range of motion leg movements. They're supervised to the quads seem to be the best SFR movements for me. And even if they tie other muscle other exercises first, stimulus to fatigue ratio, what is termed a raw stimulus magnitude like the sheer amount of stimulus they can make for get about fatigue can also be a lot. For these things like leg presses and hacksquads and and various types of squats with a bar in your back, they tend to also be very high raw stimulus magnitude, very high RSM. And if you happen to be a little bit resistant to quad growth coming easy to you, those high stimulus exercises usually the ones that make the big difference. Because even if you have a really high RSM exercise or sorry, high SFR exercise, stimulus to fatigue ratio, it could be like the total stimulus isn't that high, but the fatigue is very low. So you end up having to do looking in thinnity amount of volume to get the same growth. Yeah, it's survivable, but it's boring. It's fucking, it'll just depress you. It's kind of like someone telling you, like, hey, here's this video, obviously, to come dated hopefully within the next few years, but someone could say, hey, you know, you wanted to drive from Detroit to Chicago just to run away from Detroit is a good enough reason. Here's this solar power electric car and you're like, how much is gas? And it's free. The fucking car is powered by the sun. Okay, this is perfect. I'm going to use it. Someone's like, look, how fast are the car going? They're like, 15 miles an hour. Like, how about the fuck? Right. Um, now if you get a Tesla or something that's powered by plug-in, then you could say, how much is the fucking gas? And like, the gas is not cheap. Right. How fast doesn't go like, raw as fast as it's eigenstabbing the panel and trying not to die. Oh, okay, sweet. So if you really have to get to Chicago fast, sort of in an algae, or if you really have to build my quads, Tesla is your better choice, even though that it could be tied on price of gas or relative to speed, you fucking need a lot of speed right at a pay the price. So if some of these exercises are hardcore, compound moves squats and leg presses and all sorts of crazy hacks, squats with a four-inch motion, there's a reason for that. Because they can drive the biggest stimulus and sometimes that just raw ability drive stimulus is what's holding somebody back if they're unable to grow their legs traditionally. Right. Now, if you would like, you can pepper in some like extensions and lunges, if they have a high stimulus to fatigue ratio for you, some people adore leg extensions and think that short-step walking lunges are blocked or quads. Right. If not, they'll be doing. You can still stick to the basis. Set numbers. As usual for all these videos start between two and six working sets for quads per session. Basically, I would stop at whatever feels like a really pretty decent pump and feels like you got nice and tired and stimulated the muscle, especially with something like quads. This is a muscle that is amenable to getting very, very sore and the quads are so big and strong that they damage their own connective tissues quite readily. Not damaging a bad way, just damaging a way that's realistic. Right. If you are like test firing a huge jet engine, it's going to burn the test facility up a little bit. You'll have to scrape the walls. Right. Just what quads are. Because that's the case. I would in the first week or two stop very comfortably, a little earlier than you thought, soon as you get a decent pump stop. Because then ideally you'll get just a little bit sore. You can recover. You can hit that neck session. Because remember the quad plan we're half for you today as a sample is three times a week. You can't, there's no new king the legs at any point. Your legs have to recover for next time, which happens every other day more or less. So start on the easy end, let the summation of the total volume of the week. Your quality of each set and session, your proximity to failure or psychological drive, let that do the work as opposed to 10 sets per session because you'll just fucking never recover from that and you won't be able to do as much quality work. It's the difference between mass gaining on two pizzas versus six meals a day. Could be the same calories in those two, but you're going to eat a pizza in a half and be like fuck that. You're going to get so fucking full. You won't eat the rest of the year just fall asleep. And then what you didn't do, jack shit. Also the quality of the pizza's macros is not as high as the quality of the macros in six meals. Actually quite a good analogy. I'll be patting myself on my incrementally hairier shoulders. Do you guys have any solution for body here by the way, but just don't know what to do. And hopefully in the comments you guys can help me out. Let's see who only watches the video that far to miss the joke that I. I didn't almost everything there was to know about hair removal. And yet I embrace my Eastern European ancestry nonetheless. That's pride. All right. Something you'd know nothing about. Camera. I know you guys feel like I'm talking to you and in my hat I really feel like I'm talking to you as well, but I'm just staring at a weird lens. It's almost like talking to one of those squitty things that kills people and fishes them out of the matrix. You know, the camera doesn't look like there's no soul in there. Scott, a video guy can we get like a human face stapled in so I can pretend I'm talking to somebody. Justin Bieber. Easy money. All right. Loading and reps. Here's the big thing. You want the rep ranges to give you the best as a farce. The most tension in the quads, not the knees, not the hips. The most burn in the quads and high reps. Humongous pumps. Humongous levels of just quad fatigue and perturbation. We're like, holy fucking noodle legs. That shit. heavier is not better unless it does those things. So if sets of six are amazing for your quads because it feels like you're tearing your fucking quads into bits. Amazing. Sets of six it is. But if sets of six only makes your knees and hips feel fucking hurt and your spine is tired and your quads are like, eh, it's not the right thing. Right. So use the rep ranges to give you the best stimulus to fatigue ratio. The most pump burn, et cetera. And the least like joint connective tissue pain and just cheer and nuisance and annoyance at the whole fucking process. If you're going to go heavy, go heavier earlier on average in the session and go heavier early on an average in the week such that you go a little heavier earlier in the week and more moderate and light towards the end of the week. That means you front load the connective tissue shit and then as the week goes on, you hit the muscles really hard but your connective tissue heals a little bit. So the next time you come back next week, next Monday, big connective tissue is something you're ready for because you're not submitting a tongue back to back to back to back. A really decent way to try to increase by a small fraction, your probability of ingerating any one time is to consistently session after session, train heavier and heavier and heavier. So we prefer to go heavy light lighter, heavy light, lighter, heavy light, lighter, all gets heavy over time. But within the week and between weeks, you get this heavy and then relaxed, heavy and then relaxed kind of effect. All right. So that's just setting up the plan. How do you progress? Set numbers. You start at whatever and then you essentially figure out okay, am I sore and really tired in my next session of training? So Monday, I did quads, I did three sets of squats. Let's say Wednesday, I came in and before I started doing hacks, squats are as I started doing the minute I wasn't sore at all and I barely even got sore to begin with and I felt so fucking strong, holy shit. Well, that's sweet, but that's a little bit more showing off than it is doing the hard work. You should feel the burden a little bit. So next week instead of three sets of squats on Monday, try four sets. So add a set if it's really, really easy. If you were barely healing on time like you got sore but you're just healed today and today is the time to train and if you feel nice and strong and recovered but if I asked you like, hey, what about 12 hours or like, nine and nine? 12 24 hours, I was not ready. Then what we're really doing is stimulating as hard as we can until we stimulate it again to recover and then doing that process over and over, that's really almost ideal. Don't change your volumes that. I'll get into a groove where my technique gets a little better every time. I put a little bit more weight on the bar a few more reps and what ends up happening is start quad training with three sets in a session over the course of two weeks that work up to five sets per session. Let's say and then three weeks later, I'm still doing five sets per session but I'm still getting justice fucked up just to sore just as tired because of the qualities improving. So we don't use sets as a driver of progression. We use sets in an order regulated way to ask your body, hey, what do you think you can heal from? And your body goes five sets, Mike's that there it is. We're not trying to challenge it with sets. We're trying to get the appropriate amount of stimulus delivered. The challenge comes in within each set doing a little bit more weight and or a little few a few are sorry, greater number of reps session after session week after week. If you are sore when you have to train again, go back to that workout before and in the next week that workout happens reduce. So if I did four sets of squats on Monday on Wednesday, I was doing hats, squats on my note not recovered. Still feel my knees still feel my quad still feel I should next Monday, don't you dare to four sets of squats? Do three sets of squats and that'll be more than enough to get your go. There is really no polite way to scratch your junk. Here's there. You guys have a struggle with that, like you're in a sort of public place, you're sitting in an airport, listening to your headphones and like flights in 30 minutes. Look, you have to fucking scratch your dick because it's itchy for a hey, whatever reason that's private to me. It could be a lot of reasons. It could be no reason at all. And then you think to yourself, on the one hand, what kind of person reaches down on scratch is Mike clearly like scratching it through the shorts. I'm not putting my hand under the shit, but even over the shorts, someone could be the people I've children. You fucking scratching your dick, they're like, what's wrong with you? You took fucking zoo? But at the other hand, I have a niche you dick. Are you gonna come fucking help me scratch it? No, and I gotta go all the way to the bathroom with my luggage so that it can simply scratch my dick nonsense. We have a genuine conundrum. So if you want to vote in the comments below, here's a hypothetical. You're a roller rink, all genders, all ages. You're putting your skates on, sitting on one of the benches, plenty well at place, at families around. Dick starts to get itchy. Do you fucking scratch? You go to the bathroom, weird bathroom skates, and then you take your roller skates almost all the way to the bathroom, and the ladies like, now a skate, now ranger skates in the bathroom. You have to take off the fucking skates, so where do you even put them? It's a serious mystery. Wait, wait Einstein's asked back up. Einstein answered this shit. He was on his square. That was easy. All right, in any case, reps in reserve started around three reps in reserve. Continue to progress all the way to close to failure. Obviously not total failure. I'm squats that are free weights because you'll die. Don't do that. I ask squats to do a leg press unless you have a really trustworthy partner. In order to make things more challenging over time, I would add something like five or ten pounds each time and or one or two repetitions. Now, the repetition adding is interesting because if you add load and you stay at roughly the same rep range, the stimulus to fatigue ratio tends to stay pretty much the same. If you start adding at sets of 10 and you eventually get to sets of 15 by adding reps towards the end of the month cycle, you look at be a different stimulus of a degree. If you had 15, could just be too high of reps to really get you what you need out of that workout. It's just not enough tension, et cetera. So with repetition additions, be aware of that. Be aware of that. Load progression is a little bit preferred because of that. And of course, load progression is super fucking easy on all these machines and all these weights. You're not like, oh, well, I can't progress because I don't have small enough weights. Like you put a one, two and a half plate on the side of a leg press. And if you can't progress week to week, bad and two and a half pounds total onto the leg press, get your done progressing. And it's time to go do one of the many other beautiful things you could do with your life. Well, they don't have all free new weights. Try playing the violin. I heard it's easy. One point I was actually a violin prodigy. It was H5. I played every Scott once a violin type of shit. Sonata is that a thing? No way, Sonata. As far as I know, Sonata is a type of a Hyundai car, a good one. But anyway, I did all that stuff. And honestly, it guys to be completely honest with you. It was fucking boring. It's weird to become the best at something. So, how was watching cartoons most of the day? And the other day, times of the day, I was like, whatever kind of shit. Yo, yo, my mom was there. He was like, bowling to me. I was like, yo, yo, yo. Easy. I love crouching tiger and drag. I should was the bomb. In any case, that's how all that works. Now, you may be thinking to yourself, gee, whiz, Dr. Mike, that sure is complicated. I wonder if we could see a sample program. Good news. It's right there. This is not something you have to do. This is just to get your idea juices floating. If you have too many of those that you go to the hospital, the doctors drain your idea juices. It's a tough, tough state of affairs. Monday, hackswats. Three sets in the 10 to 15 rep range. Three rounds. There we are. Of course, this is all first week. After that, we have high bar squats. Two sets in the 5 to 10 rep range. Hold on. You said heavier first with the fucker you talking about. This is a bit more of an advanced split for somebody who's so strong that ultra heavy sets of 5 to 10 squatting is just too systemicly fatiguing for them. And because so many other muscles can come into play, glutes lower back, add actors, it's not specific enough to the quads. So stimulus to the quads is, and the total system fatigue is, ah, because it's super heavy. So what do we do? We pick hackswats in the 10 to 15 range. Still pretty heavy. Very mixed stimulus to the quads. Not as much fatigue. Then we go to regular squatting. Our quads are so tired. They become a huge limiting factor for us. We have to use less weight for sets of 5 to 10 than normally wooden squats. That reduces our systemic fatigue substantially. But our stimulus is quite high now because all of our repetitions are real close to failure for our quads. Never mind the fact that because you already have a pump in your quads, your mind muscle connection will be better than ever. Give this a shot. It will fucking work. Do you have to do this this way? Absolutely not. It's just one way to do it. Wednesday, you come in and you do four sets of hacksquads. But notice we're conserving hacksquads, because we figure okay, we got regular squats, hacksquads, leg press, and most of you guys train in regular gyms. This is not half that much leg equipment. So you're going to have to be conservative literally and make sure you get all of the shit you want out of each piece. Which means sometimes many times you'll be using a few exercises several times a week. But in order of pro variation and stay safe, I would alter the repetition range since that earlier in the week when you use the exercise that's heavier later in the week when you use the same one and slider. These hacksquads would be sets of 50 to 20 reps. You can also modify them potentially to be a little bit slower on the eccentric or do a pause where you don't do an on Monday. Just that little bit of variation pays huge dividends. It's a great movement. You get nice and fucked up by Friday healed, Friday, you're like in a position where you're pretty fatigued. Your knees and hips and stuff have taken a little bit of a beating and you want to do some higher repetition work while at the same time making sure to stay the fuck away from beating up your joints. No problem. Two sets of like extensions 20 to 25 reps each. That fucking blows. If you've never done that before, you're lucky. If you're going to do that soon after watching this, I'm sorry. But I promise it works. That's what I. That's why I tell all my clients. That's why I'm Southeast Michigan's most successful lawyer. Yeah, you guys think I should get into law? I can make the fucking scumbious law commercial ever. It's got the video guy right down. Like extensions for two sets, they're nice and pumped as far as quads are concerned and then we do barbell walking lunges. You can take normal long steps, but if you take slightly shorter steps, it's even better. Super deep wrong for the quads. One step is one rep that's high count. So 20 to 25 reps is 20 to 25 steps. You can even stop every now and again when you're running a breath and or your quad structure frees up. Wait for a little bit. Take three or five breaths and then keep walking. That basically transition these lunges into my reps. Hold the fucking balls. It doesn't take a whole lot. And because you might not be used to lunges, I would just start them with one set. And that's why it says one set. Because it start out with lunges if you do any more. But by the way, prepare free glutes to get sore because lunges are so effective for the glutes. They'll fuck up your glutes anyway. Eventually your glutes won't get a sore and your quads will be the thing that gets the most fucked up. Now, what would happen if we were to pretend to do this routine and then in the week before D-load what would the volumes look like? Realistically, this does not mean you have to shoot for them. It's a matter of fact. That would be stupid. Monday, well, you know, we started with three sets of hacksquads. Now we're in five sets. We started with two sets of regular high bar squats. Now we're three sets. Eight sets of of of quads. That's that's a fuckload. That's a lot. Hopefully you can recover by Wednesday. We're now you do seven sets of hacksquads. That's quite a bit of an increase. But if you can recover that's great. Leg extensions for sets, barbell walking lunges. Three sets. We're talking about every workout here being seven or eight sets. That if you are pretty strong, if you are training hard, if you have good technique and you're pushing yourself, then most people will not be able to sustain such an effort, which is why it's the last week before the D-load and then like right after you finish barbell walking lunges, you smoke like the longest cigarette of your life. Like how a French soldier during World War I, when they announced the final ceasefire piece, he's still in the trenches. How long would it take him to smoke that cigarette? He'd be like, like that. Because fuck doing that anymore than once every two months. If you can sustain it, amazing. Most people can't. So add your volume as you see fit. If you're able to recover from a little bit more at a few sets here and there, do you re-get to? The goal is never to do as much volume as possible. The smallest amount of volume that checks all the boxes of I'm training as hard as possible. Same thing. All right. Now this all sounds really good. Specialization sounds fun. It sounds exciting. It sounds like a quadzinger to grow. Finally, you'll be at the uh... It's got to be, I want you to name me a random social place. Coffee shop. And that one girl that always orders the mocha lot of whatever the fuck, and you remember verbatim what she orders because you're that kind of insell. And all of a sudden she walks by you, she's like, excuse me, and you're like, oh I'm sorry. And you shake with your coffee and step back and she turns to you and she looks loyally into your eyes and says, I just noticed your quads for the first time. But then what if she do next? She just does this. You're like job of the hot. It's gross to do even to myself. It's wrong with people. You can't go to a fucking Starbucks and have a normal conversation. In any case, you'll have big quads. You'll be happy and you'll ask the question of, oh I can't, I can't, I can just keep specializing in the answer really is yes. So you can specialize for three NASA cycles in a row. Increase difficulty, that's one mezzo. You can do that two more times and then you will probably be in shambles. Your knees and hips and everything else is going to be like fuck that. Your quads are going to be resisted growth. It's going to take so much volume to even stimulate your quads that your systemic fatiques in a cap you and you're going to be like that. Nope. No can do. Then what you can do is take like a two week active rest phase where you barely train at all. Come back and you can just do another quad focus mezzo or take a low volume phase four weeks longer so maybe you're going to act of rest phase total of six weeks. Come back and do another quad prioritization mezzo. You specialize on quads again changing the exercise a little bit, changing the rep range a little bit and then running more or less a very similar template again. If you want, you can play around between the mesocycles with some rep ranges and some frequencies. So you can start your first mezzo relatively heavy more sets of 5 to 10 to 15. Maybe just twice a week training legs and then as the mesocycles progress, second and third you can add in a third workout in the week and do slightly higher reps than average potentially even a fourth. The most I've ever personally done was three quad sessions a week, Charlie and I tried that a while back and it seemed like we had to restrain ourselves so much during the two workouts just to make the third workout possible and the workout wasn't even that hard that I'd like blah so we just went back to two times a week and for us that's more than enough. But if you can survive three and three is easy and you can recover from it and if you'd have to do like more than 10 sets of quads per session three times a week in order to even grow at a fourth workout it's totally fine. Most people do anything properly will never need a fucking fourth workout three times a week for quads is probably more than most people can survive but if you want to try to play with increased frequency that's totally cool. Right? Active rest low volume phase feel free to repeat or just go back to normal training or go back to maintenance work on quads and try to bring your boots up but anyway this is something that all you need is two weeks of active rest and you can repeat it anytime you want in most cases. So how you know if that woman at the coffee shop was if your eyes and her tongue really did the things they were supposed to do you may just run to the gym right there and there and this continued to specialize on quads. Meanwhile she is DMing you and she's like just come over makes me love to me and you're like hold on babe. Quad workout RN. Stupid fucking internet revisions. Why mind such a bad mood today? Good question who knows. All right that was all good fun but maybe you want to learn more so check this out we got free shit right below in the description of this video free exercise video library because you're like what the fuck he mentioned a few quad movements but I want to know some more we've got a bajillion of them click it's me narrating a Mr. Jared father I've been pro actually doing the demos we have a muscle group train grind guide where it's like 10 pages of very small text of everything you probably never wanted to know about train in your quads so if you really want to dig in and make the best plan you can that's the place to look if you're like wait what the hell is SFRRSM? Motherfucker I hate science fuck this shit cancel my RP subscription hold up just get to the hypertrophy made simple video guide it's like 16 videos each one's like eight minutes long and it really brushes you up on the terms gives you a real basic understanding what the hell we're even doing so if you rewatch this video having seen that or you watch that really quick before building your own plan you're gonna be like ah I think I know a whole lot more than I thought it did and then of course we have a hypertrophy book scientific principles of hypertrophy training people have described it as the greatest thing to ever occur I would say the microwave is still a better invention put the book is close and it's not because my butlers need salaries so that they can show up and drive my Lamborghini's for me butlers don't work for free that would be immoral on many levels and so I have to sell hypertrophy books so feel free to buy one it's a nice book I think I had a hand in writing it and if you want to build a customized training solution for yourself for quads or for anything else you can go the harder way you learn a lot and you can build it yourself or you can go the much much, much 50 trillion times easier way and have mostly our computer program do it for you with our custom training template builder also in the bio that costs money but it's just not that much money and you can reuse the program like as many times as you want because you can rechange the exercises around so if you build a custom training template and it works really well if something you can use for like a year or so and it costs like fucking a hundred bucks so maybe it's worth right you know if you don't want to spend money here just just leave we're trying to run a business things have been so hard okay guys I'm gonna go cry lot cry with me I'm a state feel my universal vibes and I'll see you guys next time for another one of these you