Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSOM's Pyridization. And today we are going to talk about the five rules of abtrain. Now it might also help if you think of these, not so much as hard rules you have to go by, but really, really helpful tips and hints to consider doing your own train. So here we go. Rule number one, normal repetition ranges, apply exactly as well to abdominal training to make your abs bigger and stronger and pop out more and give you more function as these training ranges do for every other muscle group. You ask anyone in the gym, hey, I want a better chest, what do I do? So it's 10 man, I want a better bat, sets 15 to 20, whenever anything between sets a five and sets a 30 repetitions, grows the most muscle for how much fatigue it imposes, and then sets a three to six, gives you the most strength. And then when people go to abs for some reason, the game and you just need to do planks for like two minutes at a time, or like a thousand crunches. Sometimes more realistically we'll say, what's 100 crunches? Raps of 100, exactly what is it that I'm after? Some kind of weird non-sports specific, you know, strength endurance for it doesn't make any sense. Almost everyone trains their abs so they pop out more that they have ravioli abs, sets of anywhere between five and 30 repetitions and I'll even simplify it more. Anything in the 10 to 15 wrap range, just like you would for normal lifting works, best for abs, no weird wrap ranges are required. Next rule, full range of motion. For some reason, tons of people on the gym, curl like this, they do leg extensions with the full range of motion, they try some extensions, and when it comes to abs, they'll do it. So somebody's gonna meme that one for sure, I'll make it easy for you. He he he he he he he. All right, you do that. I don't know why. The abs have a huge range of motion from your hips all the way back behind you and your chest arch like this, all the way to your chest crunched and your hips all the way tucked in, a huge full range of motion, sit up and even a full range of motion crunch. There's a lot of wrong there. You don't have to do these little weird mini crunches, but if you big time stretch the abs out and you big time contract, you are gonna get more muscle growth and more of exactly what it is you're looking for from the abs. In addition to that, through a full range of motion and really good strengthening, the abs end up making you more resistant to injury through more of your daily life and any sports that you do. So people say, hey man, you need a strength in the abs to get injury proof. Let me do this. Strengthen them through the whole range of motion, you'll get way better results. Next, a huge tip to try, as far as exercise types, is the hanging knee or leg raise. Okay, so you hang, maybe with some straps, versus or something, or you do one of these things where it's one of those ab machines where you have the handle handle and you're on the pads. And what you do is you take your knees and curling your lower back, you bring your knees up towards cheese as close to your face as you could get them. And you might just come up to here at first, after you are able to do multiple repetitions where you bring the knees up close to your face and control the eccentric back down for sets of 10, which you are more, which you might want to start doing, is extending your legs out a little bit more. If you give me somebody who in one of those hanging machines can take their legs completely straighten them, lift them all the way from dead hang to all the way up, pointing themselves in a V towards the sky and slowly control that the cent for 10 reps, that person has gigantic or ravioly abs. Rule number four, eccentric control or death, I don't really mean death. What does the centric control? Once, let's say you bring your feet up in a hanging leg raise, if you just let them fall back down, okay cool, you get some good muscle growth and strength benefits from just raising them up, but you get even more benefit. Do you know what I say? Something like double the benefit from slowly lowering them back down, the eccentric lengthening phase of muscle contraction is probably more growth promoting than even the concentric that you got to bring it up. Now, we are usually in the gym really interested in check marking things and counting reps. They go one rep, two rep, three rep, and the way down at some level we don't care about, and at some level like, well, I do want the bar to go fast in the way down, so I have more energy to go on the way up. Same applies to abdominal work in its wrong. If you can quickly or at whatever speed go into the concentric portion of the exercise, if you slowly under control, lower the eccentric, it's going to cause, first of all, more delayed onset muscle soreness, which is a good sign of muscle growth anyway, and it's going to cause more muscle growth over time, more strength adaptations over time, and even this. Actually, more injury resistance over time, but you just control any centrics, a lot of times how your body prevents injury to begin with. So, if you slowly lower every single time, as well as coming up athletically, you get all of the benefits that you could do, not skimp on that big rule. Let me tell you guys about the RP high-perrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app, you can choose to make your own, you can modify an existing program, or you can just run the programs, exactly as they were written by a person on this app, programs, everything for you. The exercises weights sets reps, frequency, the whole thing. After every single workout, every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters, with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now, you're pretty interested in the app, download the RP high-perrophy app today. Lastly, it's totally cool to do to do planks and holds in all those calisthenics. Mostly to get good at them, and for fun, and it will also train your abs pretty well. But it should very serious about training your abs as hard as possible, and as effectively as possible, a abdominal machines that can be loaded progressively, are probably better than calisthenics. For example, if you do like planks where you get your feet behind you, you're on the ground like this, and you're on your elbows, is that good for your abs sure? Of course, but what's probably better in most cases, is an abdominal crunch machine where you can set the selector to a hundred pounds, full range of motion, big crunch pause, slowly lower, big stretch, and again for 12 reps. The next week, you might do 13 reps. The week after that, you might start going to 105 pounds on your 10 pounds, it's that progression. It's a standardized range of motion. It's the tracking. It's the fact that it's a dynamic movement has a concentric and eccentric phase. It's not just asymmetric, all those things are big advantages, and remember, when we want big pecs, almost no one goes and holds pushups halfway down for a minute and be like, that's it, man, pec planks. Like what? But I thought the chest machine and the bench press and the dumbbells were more effective, they are. So if you want bigger abs, stronger abs, more injury resistant abs, abs that pop out of your t-shirt, have the ladies go, oh my God, what's up with this abs? My lady impression came out more of a game-an impression, what you know. It's a good impression, unless I think I'm good at impressions, damn it. In any case, if that's what you want, use the stuff that works progressively loaded implements that can be done through a standardized full range of motion for repetitions that you can count instead of like a time, but you could count the time. And definitely with loadable increments, so you can make it more heavy over time, get the best abs of your life, and finally go back in time, go back to high school, ask the girl if your dreams to prom, and she's still like, dude, it was never about your abs. I just hate your face. Getting in the time machine again feels really weird. See you never in 1982. Anyway, see you guys.