Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrridsation, and today I'm going to talk to you about how to train when you have no equipment at all. No gym, no friends, no family, no one to love you, no wonder whispers sweet nothings in your ears you fall asleep, I got creepy. So if you don't have anywhere or with anything to train, no dumbbells, no barbell, no stretch you bands definitely know gym, what can you do, what should you do to put together a decent approach to training that can get you some kind of results, a few things. Before we get into the numbered tips, cardio is obviously still possible. So if you don't have anywhere to train, you can still jog, you can do all kinds of parkour if you want, cardio is you can definitely take walks, you can hike, so cardio is absolutely on a table, no problem at all. But what about resistance training? What are you supposed to do if you have zero weights, how do you train with resistance training? Well, turns out that there are tons of exercises that you can do that require no equipment at all or something that you don't think typically of as equipment, but you will still use as equipment. For example, you can do with no equipment at all just really a floor, you can do pushups. You can do pushups which are closer and grip and your hands stay closer to your head and you end up doing them called tricep pushups. They're like skull crushers, except for the pushup variation. You can get two chairs together and do dips in between them with your feet. On the front, on the floor, the chair dips are very popular, crunches, bodyweight squats. You can do lunges with your bodyweight, you can do scissy squats where you squat, staying on your tippy toes and you touch your knees all the way down to the ground and then come back up. You can do split squats, you can do single leg squats if you're really advanced and very strong. You can do calf races on any staircase that you have around or even some kind of ledge or curb with a stick for balance. That easy. So that takes care of a ton of leg exercises and a ton of pushing exercises. But what about anything for the back of the body? What about the pulling stuff? Well, all you need is a tree with quite a few large branches, relatively low to the ground, look round for trees, you're sure to find one of them somewhere. And then you can do all sorts of pulling. You can do pull ups. You can ratchet your feet down lower and do face pulls pulling the bar to your face to hit your delts and your biceps and your traps. You can do inverted rows on the lower branches to hit the rest of your back. You can even do inverted curls. You position yourself just under a tree branch, grab it under hand and depending on where you put your feet. It's going to allow you to leverage. You can do almost no gravity at all and you'll be able to curl your body into the branch. Doing an inverted curl, that takes care of a large fraction of your body. Pretty damn well. Not ideally, not optimally, but way better than you thought. Why don't have any equipment that needs a conduzero exercises or you can do a ton? Now you may be thinking at this point, I say, okay, great. But you've listed all the exercises and certainly there are a few more. But what if I run through all these? I mean, I got like one month or two of training, a mesocycle. Ideally, I want to switch the exercises out, but there's nowhere to go. Like you remember any equipment, you just push up as a pushup. That's not true. So that's point number three. By modifying your foot and hand positions, you can create new exercise variations that you can feed into your program so that you don't have to get super bored training with no equipment. Squats can be narrow stance, medium stance, or wide stance. Push-ups can be narrow, medium, or wide. You can put your feet up on a chair for pushups and all of a sudden do decline pushups, which are really, really hard and hit your front delts and triceps a little bit more than they hit your chest. There's a ton of ways in which to put your feet and hands into different places, including with poles, pull-ups, wide, medium grip, narrow, underhand. All kinds of options for you even if you have the bare essentials of the ground and a tree. If you cannot get access to a tree, I'm sorry. But a tree is required for part of this, or at least something you can hang onto that's at chest to eye level. And then if that's good enough, you can do rows off of it, you can do pull-ups off at center. The way you do the variations is this. You pick a variation at a time. You say, okay, I'm going to do pushups, chair dips. I'm going to do bodyweight squats, lunges, some rows and some pull-ups. That'll be a good exercise for me. A good exercise routine. Stick to one kind of grip for all those. Those are wide grip pushups, let's say. Those are wide stance squats, wide pull-ups. The theme is wide, randomly. After those exercises a few months later, get a little stale and you want to switch it up, switch over to medium grip for a lot of this stuff or narrow grip or underhand or whatever it is. Well continue to use the variations as long as they feel good and you're making progress on them. And as soon as they sort of sputter to a stop, you can then switch. That way if you have three variations wide narrow medium, even if you use one of them per month, that means you don't see the next one until three months later, which is usually long enough time for your bite at a field real fresh bottom. But typically it takes two or three months to really run out of steam at a variation, which means when you come back to wide stance squats, it could be six months or longer after you last did them and they're really going to feel different. They're going to feel new. They're going to feel fresh and you're not going to feel in comfort by this total lack of variation in your program, which sucks, right? That's what you solve with a gym. You have tons of toys to play with in just a tree and the ground is just not a lot of stuff to do, not a lot of variation. Next question number four, what do we do about progression? Because this is a tough one. In the gym with weights, progression is almost implied. You just lift more weight. But in a situation where you're lifting your body weight mostly outside or in a enclosed room with a tree in it, interesting perspective on that, how exactly are you supposed to progress? Well, got a couple of hints for you. First of all, you can add reps. Let's say you're getting really close to failure for sets of 12 in a pushup over time. So you can go to 13, 14, 15, 16. If you can do sets of 16 in the pushups, everything being equal after you're able to do sets of 12 at most, you got more muscular and stronger and healthier. Typically, we say don't go over 30 repetitions because anything much lighter than that isn't optimal. But with workouts at home or workouts on the go with zero equipment, optimal is pushed aside a little bit and possible is front and as the variable that is best. And if it grows some decent amount of muscle for us or it makes us healthier in some other way, we'll take it. So what I would say if you're training at home, try to make your lifts challenging enough by leveraging your body against yourself in such a way that you can do less than 30 reps of them per set. But potentially, you'll have to go up to 50 repetitions per set and that's totally fine because it still has muscle growth potential. And for those of you focusing your first two or three years of training, it is a lot of muscle growth potential. So adding reps is great and now we know you can add up to as many reps as we would make 50 reps for an exercise. The thing is 50 strict, good high quality push-ups is something almost nobody can do. And almost everyone that says they can do it, you actually watch them try to do it and you're like, that is the worst technique I've ever seen. That's all half reps. You're bouncing off the ground. You're not locking out your elbows. Do real push-ups and they're like, oh, I got 27 and like exactly. So even if you're in really great shape, just adding sets and reps to push-ups to pull up, to bodyweight squats, adding repetitions can go up for a long time. And if you can really do 50 reps of those movements, a lot of times you're an unbelievable shape and it's kind of like mission accomplished. Another way to take what I just said is this, if you think you're in too good of shape to get some beneficial effect from working out with no equipment, you're probably wrong. And you're probably can challenge yourself even with no equipment at all. Here's another way to challenge yourself. We're just the rest time. Typically you would do a bunch of push-ups and you would stop and rest for two or three minutes. But now because you can't put weight on your back for push-ups, you can't do the bench process. It just has to be push-ups in home or push-ups on an outdoor setting where it's just the ground, you may rest for one minute or even 30 seconds or even as soon as you get your breathing back relatively to normal, then you go again, that repeated challenge to the muscles greatly sums up how much metabolites are in the muscles, the byproducts of their efforts. And those byproducts have been linked to hypertrophy improvements to muscle growth. So if you can challenge yourself with rest times, shrinking them on the margins a little bit every time you come in, for let's say a month or two, that's going to take a workout where you do seemingly the same number of reps and make it way, way, way harder, giving you more of a muscle growth stimulus, which is really, really good. Another thing to try is my reps. Instead of resting two to three minutes between sets, half some exercises in which you do 20 reps of bodyweight squats, close to failure, it was really challenging. You rest for another five or ten seconds and you go again, maybe hitting five to seven reps a few times over and over with minimal rest that can fry you up in the best way possible, causing a lot of growth stimulus. At the gym when you go train, you may only need two to four sets of heavy resistance, barbells and dumbbells and machines in order to drive home a muscle growth stimulus. That's cool. It's really good, it's why we go lift weights because they make a challenge for us in a small amount of time. However, when you're training by yourself with no gym at all, you may have to do more sets. You might have to do four or five or six sets eventually at the end of your program, potentially in a short rest time scenario because each set isn't heavy enough to drive the best adaptations for you to get as much muscle as you can. But we add more sets, constrain the time, we end up working just as hard, except we do more sets and reps, and less weight. It takes the same amount of time as we do at the gym, but you cram more work into that and thus you're able to get a very similar comparable response in muscle growth training. So someone can train at home and say, well, I did six sets of body weights squats and it really got my legs sore. Somebody training at the gym could have done three sets and got their legs just to sore and get them to grow just as much. So there's not really a solution with this added sets recommendation. It is a solution in some sense, but it's going to require you to do more work. You guys can kind of see where this is going through adding reps, to really decreasing rest time, through introducing things like my reps, through adding sets, we're making the stimulus harder because making it hard on your body is how you make progress. Another really quick question, you can ask yourself theoretically before you start trying to put together a program that has no equipment to access. You can really ask yourself the question of how do I make the lack of equipment hard on my muscles because that's what's going to get them to grow and it's going to get you to lose body fat and get stronger and all those great things. Another thing you can do is to decrease the mechanical advantage that you're experiencing. If you're really strong in your squats from a completely flat foot, you're using your glutes, your adactors, your quads, then you're doing more than sets of 50. It's not really doing anything for anymore. What you can do is try some scissy squats. Scissy squats, essentially push your hips forward and your knees have to touch down gently and the ground all the time. That creates a crappled of mechanical disadvantage for your quads. Take your glutes mostly out of the equation and all of a sudden as far as quads is concerned. That's a mechanically disabvenant, it's harder for the quads. That's a good thing because as the quads try really hard, they struggle and that's when they grow. So a lot of times you want to ask yourself the question of how can I make this exercise more difficult on myself? Put myself in a position in which I can't lift as much weight so that I have to try harder to lift the weight that I have because the weight is your body weight. It's constant. Another one is single leg squats. Does take some balance to do and you can't hold onto a chair to do them. But if you figure out that balance, you get something to hold onto. It's a really tough exercise. All of a sudden you're very challenged in a mechanical disadvantage there is. You took one entire leg out of the equation. Stuff like that can really really really help you. Point number five in the last point for this video. The critical factors to making gains. Inside the gym or out are as follows. And these are mostly tuned for outside the gym with no equipment. You want to make sure you check a couple boxes. One you want to get close to failure often in the same workout. With heavy weights getting close to failure for one set of hacksquads in the machine in the gym. That might be a really good stimulus. But with your body weight you might have to do three, four, five or six attempt at something sets in succession in which each one of those gets you close to failure. Then you're going to have a hell of a pumping your quads, a hell of a burn and you're going to know you did something. We have to repeat the stimulus more often because we have less load. Easy fact to understand. Next one is to take limited rest time. If you're long as you're good to go, if you're not breathing heavy anymore, you're ready to do your next step. That'll save you time in your workouts. It'll also hit the muscles in a fatigue state, making things more challenging for them, thus driving up their metabolites that they produce and probably driving up muscle growth as well. If you're in a position where you're doing two or three sets of something and you're like, man, I wish I had a gym. I could really hit my back better. Try three, four, five or six sets slowly working up over time in that matter for your back training. And you may find that one, you know, would just body weight inverted rows and pull-ups. Two, three sets like I do with the machines that have you ate in the gym, they don't do much. But four or five sets, man, they really do light me up and that's providing great growth. So don't be afraid to add some volume. You can recover from it because the loading isn't that insane. You'll be totally good to go. Lastly, just to think about this, try to go in there and make things tough for your muscles. Make your muscles try really hard. Make them have to slow down during their movement. You know that last set of bench press or last rep where you're really slowing down to push it, you should take your pushups and your tricep extensions and your pull-ups so far and your training that they start to grind. And if you can get your muscles to grind, you can probably get them to grow. Folks, if I can be of any more help, please check out the comments below. Ask a few questions. I'll try to answer them. I'll see you next time. Training for muscle growth is never going to be the same.