I don't know if I'm f***** really zealous with the 50th week for week 1. Oh, I forgot to open my mouth. That's not usually a problem with parties. It's definitely not. Here's the thing. Parties aside, which I've never been to have read books about them, we're going to have a real party today because Mr. Jared, for the ISB pro, is going to guide you guys through a workout for the whole back that you can do with just one rack. Do you like backs or racks better? Comment below. In any case, I'm the f***** out by the hair because I'm going to be doing my own training. But you're boy, you're going to slip into the scene every now and again, like I do. Da, da, da, da, da, da. What do you think? Well, you're my guy here, so I can talk about what I'm going to do. So generally, squat racks do have this bar here for pull-ups. If they don't, what I would suggest is setting this, make sure you have a lip. Don't have a squat rack that doesn't have a lip. Setting these is highest possible. And you can put the bar up there and you can use that for pull-ups instead if the squat rack doesn't have this. But since we have one, I'm going to use the actual parallel bar that is on this beautiful squat rack. But I'm actually doing a horizontal, if it's just pull day to day. Pull day, not pull, mic is or toe. So because of that, I'm going to do these pull-ups first. And I'm going to show you guys a good way to warm up four pull-ups without a pull down machine because obviously for this session, we just have a squat rack. I have to do pull-ups first because if I do all my horizontal pulling, I'm not going to be able to do very many pull-ups at the end of the session. So generally my session would be most of my horizontal pulling if I'm trying to emphasize the horizontal pull that day. And then I'll do some sort of pull down or something at the end. Again, doing pull-ups first because I will get like five if I don't do that. So I'm going to show you guys a good way to warm up for pull-ups if you don't have the pull down. Then I'm going to go into my pull-ups sets and then I'll go into my rowing and stuff like that. So I'm going to put this parallel bar. Obviously you probably have something you can stack up here. But again, I'm trying to use as a little equipment as possible for you all. This is going to be how I warm up my pull-ups. My foot's going to go here. I'm going to kick myself up on the bar and then do eccentric space basically. So first I'm going to do a couple of dead hangs. Stretch the left out a little bit. Then I will show you how I place my foot up here. Kick myself up and then do eccentric. Oh my god, the spider webs in this fucking place, guys. First things first, I'm going to do different things here. I'm going to retract. I'm going to do some depression, have the scapula. So you can do that as many times as you want. Two or three rounds. Then I'm going to go into the eccentric pull-up. I'll probably do two or three of those. Then I'll potentially with one or two regular pull-ups. Then I'll go into my sets. So really just depends on how warm you feel, how much warming up you think you need for your pull-ups, like the specific warm-up. And if you can do regular pull-ups. If you can't do regular pull-ups, you can stop in eccentric pull-ups where you're kicking yourself up and you lower for a good three to four seconds. So you would basically stop at this next part of the warm-up that I'm doing. That could be your vertical pulling for the day for your pull-ups. Also, I mean, it's not ideal. What if you have bands for assistance? You could definitely do that. Be safe when you get up here, guys. It's going to be very scary. I'm professional with this. I don't even have to use sport mode. So you can probably put this a little lower so that what you can actually just kind of kick up. Again, if you're going to do this for your final warm-up, you can just do a couple. That'll be your potential. For me, that's my last warm-up before I go into my pull-ups. Or before I go into my potential, set from our pull-ups. So if you're doing eccentric pull-ups for this session, that's your final warm-up, which is your fifth-inch-ation set. So you do two or three of those. And then you can go into it next and do sets of seven to 15 or whatever. Another exercise option. Jared's not going to do this one. He's going to show you some other stuff today. It's definitely possible. You've got to work the king's route and get this thing the proper width and everything like that. But you can do a variation of lat prayers with these. We're basically you swing down and you swing up. Now you'll have to adjust the height of this thing. But essentially what you can do is it all comes down to foot position. But if you can get some kind of lat prayer function going, especially at a higher angle, then it could be a good thing. Another thing is if you're much stronger, this is real challenge. So the weaker you are, the higher the bar goes for these sort of lat prayers. If you're very strong, I'm sure it's shit not this strong. So I'll do a fake demo. But basically you start off here and you essentially, you're going to lap pray all the way down and all the way back up. You'll be leveraged here. So it'd be like this. You come up and you come down. Down and come up. And big stretch and come up and if you get all your foot positioning right, it can be intense. It's going to require a lot of figuring out your foot positioning. It's definitely not ideal. You would prefer this implement actually move. But you can do a lot with that if you put in some time. Next, you want to be a full set. 7 to 10. It's really all I'm going to do getting a little heavy post-contest. So 7 to 10 rep range for the pull-ups. And then I will go into my rows and then an inverted row in 10 to 20 seconds. It will keep those arm всёm. required. there's a ruff i should have sl fry McC73, USA Yep ARC место Stacks I think we're gonna pump though! Good Oh, 16-in. Next exercise, we're going to be doing the bar build bent over row, going to my horizontal, pulling stuff. I'm going to do this regular bent row from the floor. Using 45, you could do all kinds of forms of this. You could stand on the plate for a deficit, just put 25 on to do a 25 bin overall. I'm going to stick to regular bent rows today. Three sets here as well. Before I go into the Intensity Technique, which will be an inverted row, which I'll set up and explain how all that works. But set the 10 to 15. Three sets are built bent over rows. Yes, I'm outside of this bar deck, but I still buy it. My ass is going to be in the squat rack and the bars are going to be out here, okay, guys? It's still one squat rack, one back attack. There happens to be all this stuff with like isolating the muscle to an excessive degree and not pulling in specific planes. We're happening the elbow around the rib cage. All this over-infoscessive really, my new probably not important detail. This workout is actually like how I trained for the first probably eight years of my career. I focus very heavily on just doing compound movements, pull ups, bent rows, deadlift, shit like that. So when you see all these guys doing super altered vans techniques, you should probably be asking yourself how they got there and not what they're doing currently because when you're advanced, some of that shit matters. Put in your beginner intermediate stages. This shit works and it's going to continue to work and over the course of time you're finding your technique and it works even better as an advanced athlete. So I still am heavily centered around like 75-80% and mostly heavy compound stuff, throwing isolation shit in there. So if you are doing stuff like this at home and you feel like, oh, I'm so limited on equipment, I'm not going to give the biggest I can. You're going to get 80% of the way there. Hi, promise. If you can get your technique down and you have access to shit like this, you're fine and you're not behind the curve whatsoever. Even gyms are fucking awesome. You can always buy a cable station if you need to. This stuff's awesome. You learn some stuff in school. We're in the real world. I agree. This shit is real. And you can't think you're way out of this one. No fucking Harry Potter nerd bullshit, bro. This is fucking war. You're combining two separate fatalities. Oh, I got you. You're being a hardcore bro but like with the ultra advanced, this stuff sucks because the bro's would love this shit, right? Yeah. But you don't love it. I'm a smart bro. You're smart bro. You're cool, though. There are two types of downsets that I actually programmed for clients. One is when they follow the rep range for the top sets. Just to stay within a specific rep range. Like I said 10 to 15. That was nine on set one. The more the out of it. And the other downside is to intentionally reduce load to go into a new rep range for like metabolites of frustration. So if I'm doing 7 to 10 at first and I drop the load by 20% to get into that 15 to 20 range. So I'm going to go ahead and do downsets because I fell out of the range. So probably take off like 30 pounds or something. Woooh, You're trombone. Jared's catching a flight he's sitting in the waiting area. I don't know if I'm working on this computer. They're like, pass on Jared. Jared Feather, you've been upgraded to business plant business class. Please receive your ticket, he's in. Jared Feather. Five minutes later, the station is in. All right. Jared Feather, IFBB pro, he's a close-weather. It's man, of course. He wins. So the next exercise. I'm going to put these bars through here. These little beams. I'm going to place this on top of them. The higher up it is, the easier it is. It's going to be an inverted row. The lower it is, the harder it is. Because I'm using this as an intensity technique. Obviously, that's generally in machine-based stuff. So I'm going to make it easier. Because I'm going to be doing either giant set or myroof sets. I wrote something down. Because I'm going to continue with these sessions since I'm doing them. For week one, I'm going to continue with these for the rest of this mess. It's like, oh. So what I'm either doing a giant set or myroof sets, I'll come back and tell you. So it's going to be a little higher. If you're doing this for added work or downset work from your bin over rows, you can put it lower. You can put a weight on you. You can wear a weight of vest, whatever you want to do. More barbell rows is probably better. But I'm going to put it about right here. Then do my inverted rows by placing this barbell over the top. So I'm looking to be a giant set. If it's a total reps, I'll try to rest as little as possible. Kind of like with my push-ups, I'm going to do giant sets or push-ups. Giant sets are really an intensity technique where you're kind of trying to increase the reps and not really have to worry about what you're getting per set. You're just making sure by the end you get the total number of reps. But if you want to add in a little flare, you can reduce the rest periods and that makes it even more painful. So I'm going to probably rest at max 30 seconds between my pauses and try to get 50 total reps on this first week. Next week, we'll get a 55, etc. So I'm going to get to it and don't really get a 1-2 much, get a bunch of been over going in pull-ups so we're ready to go. So for me, it's just generally an intensity technique I might do with a CD cable row or its just supported flexion row with lighter weight. But I had an inverter rows in a long time so I can get any really good pump. Oh boy. Probably have a big mid-trapped pump. Oh, actually my lats are pretty fucking, I'm trying to tuck my elbows a little bit. I've been fucking really zealous with the 50 for week for week one. Alright, we did it. You guys happy? You got a whole back workout and just one power rack. Good. Good. That expensive, my entire mess of cycle. Selfish. Yes, me. Look, a lot of you guys trained in just like a power rack at home. This is a sweet workout. And remember, if you vary grip widths, if you have a couple of different kinds of bars, you vary the height here, you vary the order of exercises. That's kind of a ton of workouts you can do. In each one of those, you do once, you know, for like six, eight weeks at a time, progress through a couple of the mess of cycles. When you stall or it feels not so great, switch some grip widths, switch some bars around switch some orders of exercises, switch some rep ranges up and then you just got kind of an infinity model work to do in here. Yeah, again, it's literally exactly what I did for the first probably eight years in my training. Have you compounded shit? I really didn't use too many machines. The assist is pull up to nice addition if you can get that into your garage gym. Outside of that, I really have a compound with a way to go for me. So you're getting quite a bit of stimulus and you're probably going to be 80% of their way there with your physique if this is all you have. Hey guys, your feather here. This is really terrible in personation. No, I know brother, I know. It's a test of your first. A pro body builder. I'm a little scared for other ice-beapro. And like you guys think being pro means I get contracts, supplements, people adore me. I get to be on YouTube, I get to have sex with a lot of beautiful bikini pros. That's like not it, man. I mean, yes, all those things are true to the letter. But at the end of the day being pro is a fucking bird and you guys, I wouldn't wish it upon my worst fucking bird.