You guys wanted to know and you asked us what is the best possible exercise to use to develop your abs according to science. Now truthfully, there is a candidacy list of the best, but there is one specifically which we're going to show you today which she was if there had to be the perfect one, this would be it. And it's called Modify the Candlestick Room. The Modify Candlestick is a very interesting exercise. Only requires you to be able to grab something behind you that's solid on what move or better yet, grab the back of a workout bench. That's all you need for this exercise. Here's how it works. The Modify Candlestick has you pulling your knees and your feet up, and then thrusting your hips off of the bench vertically into the air. That part can be done athletically and rapidly because what we want is the descent. The eccentric controlled lowering phase when you lower your legs back down, hips first, leg second, once you do that. That puts an unbelievable amount of stress onto your abs and a lengthened situation where they're being pulled apart as they go down. When that occurs, tons of muscle growth is potentiated. This is an incredibly hard exercise. So, because it's hard, there are a couple of ways for you to cue yourself in to make sure that it's reasonably possible for you to even do this exercise. And then slowly over time, you're going to be able to make it harder and hear us out. The beginner version of this exercise has you taking your knees and tucking them up as high as you can first. That shortens the lever arm of your legs and allows you to lift your hips much easier, pointing your toes into the sky. As you come down, you're going to retract your feet back down towards you as the hips lower, and then you're going to stretch your legs out separately. That's the easiest way to do it, and it's still tough. The second way to do it, which is harder, if you can do 10 solid repetitions or more in the easy way, you can move to the next way. The next way is when you start moving, you actually take your legs completely straightened and you bring them up without bending to be at all. Then you thrust your hips up, come back down, and then completely straightened lowering your leg that extends the lever arm and challenges your abs much more. The third way is almost impossible for most people to do. Pretty much only elite gymnasts and a few other folks can get away with it. If you can do 15, 20, or 25, or more of the second kind of technique, you might need to do a few of the third. That's the actual Campbell step. The reason it's called the Campbell Stick is it's completely solid and straight. That's when you have your feet totally extended, your hips completely straight. You pull back on the bench using only your upper abs. You are going to crunch your entire body like a zombie mortified, totally flat thing all the way up in a semi-circular arc. And then when you get to the top pointing your toes, you're going to come all the way back down fully extended the whole time. I sure shit can't do these. I don't even think Mr. Nixha or CEO who's going to demo this for you is able to do these. We are going to really focus on cueing the first variant. I'm going to try the second variant if you want to do the third hardest variant. That's up to you. Perfect. Hold at the top for just a split second longer. Excellent. That's it. Rust. Good. Oh, that was perfect. Excellent. Two more. Good keep those legs straight on the inside. Yes. Oh, that was a perfect one. Slow. Slow. Beautiful. That's it. Modified candle stick. You got the easy version. We got the medium version. We have the impossible hard version. Start out on the easy version. The real critical thing is to do a nice full range of motion to really use your hips to push yourself up and that second half of the movement. And then on the decent on the eccentric phase when you're lowering your hips back down when you're lowering your legs back down go slow. That slowness is powered by your abdominal muscles. They're the only thing they're able to make that go slow. They're resisting gravity. They're getting a ton of tension. My last tip is if you start using this exercise just train abs twice a week and start with one set on Monday. And then one set on Thursday you will get crazy sore. If you don't increase to two sets next week, you want to never go higher than what it takes to recover every single time. So if your abs get a little bit sore and then by halfway through the week they get good again, you're doing a perfect number of sets. If your abs are never getting sore, do a few more sets. If your abs are getting crushed, you're not recovering on time lower the sets. Science is a real awesome thing sets a 500 crunches, planks, this in that wall ball that's all nonsense. It doesn't work very well at all. Exercises like these resistance, loadable exercises, tough exercises, ones which you go slow and control the center of your huge range of motion. They're the ones that grow muscle the most. And because this exercise loads you the most when you're at the very bottom of the movement, it actually loads your abs while they're being stretched, which is a bonus round extra weighted grow muscle. Do you have abs that are too big and is there a problem for you? Probably not. Get on this and do it. We'll see you next time with better abs. Thank you.