Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Resson's Puritization. Welcome back to the targeting of the muscle series. Today we're doing the technically most important exercise anyone could ever do, the machine chest press. That's right. Gramm I did it. Mon did it. Great Gramm I hated it. Great Gramm I invented it and died by it. In it actually. A lot is very difficult to die in one of these. Short of a cardiac event. What the hell am I saying? We have tips for how to take any machine chest press that's reasonably built and this one sure is that list. Thanks not a list and get the most out of it if you have trouble feeling your pecks. Let's get into the tips. Alright tip number one and this is actually probably the first thing you would do is to make sure that the seat height is appropriate for you. So check this out all demo quick. Right now it's on elevated seat height for me and I actually surprisingly even though I'm only 4 foot 9 I have actually quite a large sorry long torso. I guess it's large too. I have a pretty long torso. So if I get into the machine like this for me you guys notice I'm like pushing down which is like all well and good but I don't feel like in generator to turn a power this way and I don't feel like my pecks are working in town as much as they could be. So for me I prefer a look at how easy not to list makes this a lower seat height. So now that the seat is lower. Oh man I'm so I can really be the cell in here and do some really good work. So for you there's no correct answer as to what seat height is best. Play with a few of them and see which one you like most which one you can feel your pecks working best. Towns of tension. Towns of pump. Towns of burn. So on and so forth. Alright next tip and this is unfortunately not possible with all machines and the machines which is not possible you should throw away immediately or complain to your gem owner is adjusting the range of motion of the handles. A lot of hypertrophy based on research and theory and a lot of practical experience almost everyone who's reasonably intelligent seems to occur deep and a stretch with heavy loads and if you're in a machine and you haven't played with the adjustment you could be in a situation where you're you're pressing like this. Now notice the stack is clanking and I'm not even at normal bench press depth yet. Machines can offer you greater than bench press depth which is one of their options. So if you're in a situation where you can't feel your pecks well I can't feel my pecks either because I'm barely getting a stretch now. If I make the adjustment here and I lower the situation I could have done a slightly better job with one of those pressing things but I get into the super deep now watch this. Oh my god this is as deep as I go I'm not warmed up. All the way up super deep stretch it makes all the difference in the world and a lot of times if you're using a machine you've been using it for a while and like I don't like this machine you sort of haven't put your finger on exactly why. You might not have realized that there is a selectorized difference in how deep the machine goes and if you adjust the selector to go nice and deep you're going to be like oh my god I wrote this machine off for no reasons it's actually incredible actually lucky to give it some thought. Next notice we haven't even talked about actually doing the repetitions yet and just set up is grip width and again here there are not really a super correct answer it's all to preferences all to feel it's all to individual anti-pometry. So we have an option of taking a very wide grip and a lot of times that works well for people's pecs especially if you retract your shoulder blades and push your chest out like you're supposed to be on every chest movement this can feel amazing it can really let you feel the chest and your triceps don't have to be a super big limiting factor now for some people the shoulder feel so weird and it's such a big stretch for the pecs that they can't generate a lot of force and ends up being not the correct answer in addition to that if you have the chest super wide sometimes it actually limits the range of motion because your elbows can't go back that far so for some folks a closer grip can actually thrive the living fucker their pecs because it allows them a huge range of motion of the exercise and the elbows to travel real far back that humor's angle is super deep and then it allows you a really good situation and of course there's somewhere in the middle between the two and that's often where you should start and experiment from there again there are no correct answers here anyone who tells you all this grip better because this pub man's study on can 12 undergraduates who never lifted before rather EMG that doesn't tell us anything said that my grip better blah blah that's all good and well and you could start it whatever the study say but absolutely adjust to to your own preference two things we're looking for one where do we feel the muscle to bast and deep a stretch in the most pump and burn and two where are our shoulder joints and elbows joints more comfortable sometimes even wrists because if you go out super wide wrist feel weird comfy joints hit for the muscle and we're fucking cold kind of a combo tip slow eccentric and a pause at the bottom so if you haven't trouble feeling your pecs this is absolutely a fine cadence for people who don't have trouble feeling the pecs but if you have trouble feeling a pecs what you could do is take a real slow eccentric three or four seconds really try to feel your chest opening up and then at the bottom pause for like two seconds one and two and up slow eccentric feel those pecs spreading chest up at the bottom pause and even hurts barely any weight for me is not a very heavenly sheenus out that I'm strong and I can already feel my pecs with this with with a tip slow eccentric big pause and then up yes you will get fewer reps yes you will be able to lift less weight but you will potentially be able to stimulate your pecs that much more at a smaller expense to your joints if you have trouble feeling your pecs I 100% advise that you give this a shot last tip and this one works especially well granted you're doing everything else correctly so when you set up at the bench make sure you can get a really deep stretch make sure shoulders are back chest is up everything's flat everything's tight in solid where do your elbows go fundamentally there are two extremes one is your elbows stay in both on the eccentric and the concentric option two is your flier elbows out okay there's a third option the third way of awkward historical reference is elbows at roughly 45 degrees I would start at 45 but I would play around with close and I would play around with wide as far as double position or sorry tight in and outstretched to see which one you feel works best and there's kind of a common tutorial part here where if you have a wider grip a narrow elbow angle sometimes feels really fucking weird but a big open angle feels great if you have a narrow grip sometimes the close angle feels great if you have a medium grip it really is whatever feels best so again anyone tries to tell you there's a correct way to push your elbows could be statistically correct 60 40 you know 60% of people that try the bench of 45 degree elbow angle whatever could be optimal remember you're not a statistic don't don't end up being statistic I'm like a 90's anti drug commercial and I'm not the person to tell you that so you are an individual and that means that you have to figure out a way that works best for you so if tons of people are like yeah 45 degrees is the best and you feel amazing if you pull your elbows in who the fuck is going to tell you that's the wrong way if you're shoulders your elbows your wrist feel great and whatever elbow angle you play with feels best for hitting your packs you get a bigger pump you get a bigger sensation of the muscle having a ton of tension throughput you get sore etc then that's the right answer folks it comes down to this any machine can be used better or worse and the machine design is of course important but there are lots of great machines out there that you can use very poorly but with the tips I'm giving you especially here on the chest machine and there's tons more videos like this to come in other machines you can alter the machine use the machine position your body in such a way that gives you a much better stimulus for the target muscle than otherwise if you have no problem targeting your packs you could just I don't even know why you're watching this video feel free to report us or some shit like that don't do that please but if you are having trouble targeting your packs try some of these tips be patient with them try them for a few weeks really feel out your body you may come to have several ways of using a chest machine that's working really great for you you might only have one but if we found one way that works best for you well shit you kind of OS pack size you shop to the club and girls are like hey what's up are you up to your leg you should just like I'm not in pack mars code and then I was gonna do sexual things with my face but that's not YouTube friendly see you guys later comment like subscribe and if you have exercises or machines you want us to talk about optimizing for the target muscle please let us know in the comments and also let us know what your favorite flavor of ice cream is if it's moose tracks don't comment because you're a fucking idiot I'm totally kidding see you guys next time