Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. I'm coming at you super hard. I'm not your hard, didn't you roll off the tongue like I planned? With a video about five rules for fat loss cardio. Whoa boy, here we go. Rule number one is to find your best SFR modalities. What does that mean? Science man, shut up and use American words. You want ways of doing cardio methods that burn plenty of calories, but don't beat you up a ton and make you super tired, make your muscles sore and fatigued and mess up your joints. Which means the elliptical or longer distance swim or an incline walk or even just like a fast-paced walk through the neighborhood or through a park may be better more sustainable than something like a lot of step mill or a lot of plyometrics and aerobics classes where you're jumping around. For general fitness and health, that stuff is amazing. But fat loss cardio means you do it regularly for G8 to 12 weeks on end. If you do enough step milling, your legs get so fatigued that your leg workouts start to decline in quality, that you might lose leg muscle size or not gain as much. If you're jumping around, hop, skipping a lot of aerobics could beat up your joints and you need to save your joints for the lifting because that's where they really come in. So try to get a cardio modality for you that burns plenty of calories, but it doesn't beat the living crab out of you that it's got to be sustainable. Now, number two rule is to take all of those cardio modalities, the ways of doing cardio is lip-to-gulling, cline walks, women, et cetera, and do the ones most often that you enjoy the most. I know what sounds kind of lame and weird. I just want to lose fat. Forget enjoyment. Well, hold on a second. If you enjoy cardio, it's less stress overall to your day and stress is a huge fatigue booster and motivation killer. If you have cardio that you absolutely hate, it's just like planning to fail. After seven weeks of fat loss, you're like, like, quit and everyone at works like, oh no, why? Like, I just done enough cardio to where I don't want to do cardio ever again. I've retired from cardio. But if you have a cardio modality, let's say plan basketball with your friends or, you know, having friends at all, in my case, then if you like that or let's say you put on a sweet podcast and go to the gym and just in kind walk, if you like the cardio or at least hate it, the least, your more likely to receive less stress for you, your more likely to be adherent to and actually do it, and then it's all good things all the way down. Of course, you want to keep your SFR high still. So if you really love the stair mill, but it really messes up your legs and screws up your leg workouts, there's some hidden yang there, which goes to point number three. In general, to the extent that you can slash like, use as many diverse modalities of cardio, even within a single week, not as you can, but as preferred to you. A lot of people think cardio is only going to the gym, rationing up the treadmill and incline walking for 45 minutes, looking at the wall in front of them and just suffering. What you could be doing is doing a little bit of swimming, getting on the bike, doing a bit of jogging, unless you're a contest body builder, it's okay to do some jogging for cardio. You're not going to lose your leg muscle, completely off your body in most cases. You've, you've got a ton of different options. You can join a wreck league for basketball or something, and all of a sudden tons of different types of cardio means that they're never really boring, they're always fun. Also, you can't really wear out a single part of your body if your cardio always changes. You don't wear and tear that stuff. You do only ever the elliptical at some point your shoulder starts hurting. The elliptical hurts it like either stop doing cardio or you hurt your shoulder more. But if you have a swim program in there, maybe some bicycle work, then you can keep doing cardio and lay off the shoulder for a bit and then voila, you're well off and while you're waiting before you smart Alex, get the comments to say your swim uses the shoulders. I'm talking about the shit where you get the floaty thing. Scott, video guy, you know what I'm talking about? They're the little floaty thing they use in swim. We just paddle with your legs, but the paddle board. It's exactly named what it is. Am I the stupidest person in the world? At least bottom five. Next up, rule number four. You have to understand limits of cardio. In most cases, much more than 45 minutes to an hour of cardio, six, ish days a week. Is the most a living human being can do without starting to really cause a lot of muscle loss and or just starting to cause a lot of fatigue from the sheer board I'm going to have an adryped to the gym and all those other crazy stuff. Cardio, in a proper fat loss plan, just gets you burning a little bit more calories than you out an average would during maintenance. And then the diet reduction and food creates most of that deficit. What you don't want to do is eat the same amount of food as normal and really crank that cardio like crazy. The fatigue is just overwhelming. It's not sustainable. So make sure you don't do too much cardio 45 minutes in an hour days. Mostly the top end on average for people. There's definitely exceptions to that. But then the deficit should come from you cranking your fats and carbs down a little bit. In most cases, that's the best approach for long fat loss. Lastly, if you do too much cardio, what you end up happening is your body can make some adjustments. Where reduces your non-exercise expenditure and not exercise activity through what genesis is the technical term. It means like your body is like, holy crap, I'm burning way too many calories. I'm not eating enough. Let's slow everything down. So like if you're sitting in a chair and there are modes over there, you normally just get up and get it yourself. But when if your kid runs over, like, hey, Billy Bob, that's your kid's name. I mean, that remote, son. Why aren't you getting it? There was no your large arm broken. You're totally fine. It's because your body's kind of secretly whispering in your ear like, hey, still you're starving to death and way moving too much. What ends up happening is during the average day, you're expenditure in total because tons of calories are burned. Believe you're not with just normal daily stuff. If you start doing less normal daily stuff, you can be doing lots of cardio and 90% of that cardio just replaces the daily stuff you're not doing anymore. That's terrible. So rule number five is consider getting yourself a step tracker. This one was made by the people's communist Chinese public of China or something and it tracks my identity and location and it's linked to my TikTok just kidding. It's like 20 bucks. You can have an iPhone watch where I'm just called Apple Watch. A ton of step trackers available, even the super cheap ones. This is like the cheap one, cheapest one they have and it works great. I just peg my steps and you can too anything between 10,000 and 12,000 steps a day is a good place to start on a cardio plan. Just never let it go below that. You can go to the gym and do cardio or chords that or you can just walk on the block, walk your dogs, walk over to your neighbor's house, spy on them like you always do. And it records everything as far as steps. So if you're every day, getting at least 10,000 steps that like mild burning of fat is always happening. And if you engineer your caloric deficit, just underneath that, you just consistently burn fat. This means also that you get tons of stuff done. So for example, if you have a cardio session later and you have to go grocery shopping for your family, damn, I have a lot of shit to do this sucks. But if you have a step tracker, you just go grocery shopping and 3000 steps later. Like, oh, the crap, I almost know with my cardio, take a couple of walks around the block and you're done. What a step tracker does is it kind of records all of your meaningful physical activity throughout the day, sums it up. So that problem of your physical activity dropping to make up for cardio just can't happen anymore. So long you hit your minimum, 10 to 12k, then you're good to go some people, eight k's enough. Other people like to do 14k plus 10 to 12 of a somewhere you can start and go from there. Folks, thank you so much for tuning in. Like, subscribe, do all that good stuff. And, you know, smile extra at someone, especially when they don't expect it. And when you get out, you know, for your Uber ride later today, you don't pay the Uber driver. The app does that, right? So like here, here you go, here's destination. You just go, hey, hey, can they try and you go? Just like that. See you guys next time.