Hey folks, it's me Dr. Mike and welcome to the Targeting Muscle Series, our target. Is hamstrings and we're going to be doing good mornings. How do you use the good morning exercise to help check most just a few little quick things? To be able to target the hamstrings better, we have a bunch of tips. Let's get to tip number one ASAP. We want to anteriorly tilt our pelvis so the hamstrings are pre-stretched. And then when you're doing a good morning exercise, you have to go to the least amount down using the least amount of physical work, getting least amount of fatigue, but still hit the hamstrings lot. The number one place where that comes from is from the hips and lower back. I want you to arch your lower back, so you're going to be doing this having sex backwards movement. Notice my lower back is going to be nice and arched and tight. And then when I start to sit in for my good morning, I've already pre-stretched my hamstrings a ton. If you post your early pelvic, you tilt and bear down. You start to go down. You're going to be going down a long time until you feel anything your hamstrings. Because they're not pre-stretched. So tip number one, push your butt back, arch your lower back, and then start to descend back and down. Tip number two. So if you arch your back appropriately and then you're scooting your butt back as you bend over, you're going to notice that your knees are going to want to go forward. Because the hamstrings are going to be pulling on them, and that is going to end up curling those knees for you. We don't want to do that. We want to pull the hamstrings apart at the hip and at the knee. Tons of eccentric tension leads to tons of hypertrophy. So what we want to do is as we arch back and push our butt back, and we hinge bend at the hips. We want to make sure that we're not completely straight-need like this. If it's something just outside of that bend, and instead of letting the knees bend, as you keep going, you want the knees to stay just a bit back. As you go down with the knees back, back arch knees, back, back arched. Ow, I'm hurting already in the hamstrings, and that's really good sign. For some folks arching the lower back and pushing the knees back is going to be everything they need, and they're going to get an awesome stimulus to fatigue ratio, great hit for the hamstrings. But for other folks, myself included, as I get deeper, I start to not know what my back is rounding or not. Not a huge safety concern with most loads, but definitely a concern that if your back is rounding, the lower back muscular starting lower back muscular chair is starting to be the primary muscle hit, and no longer the hamstrings. So if the cue that helps me, especially at the bottom, as I'm doing my good morning down, I think chest up. If I push my chest up the entire time chest up and out, and I think knees back, my back automatically arched just for me, and everything was great. Chest up, just up, just up, hold me back that hurts already, and then gently come up. It works. All right, next big tip. With a bunch of exercises, if you go pretty quick on the eccentric, nothing much happens. You still get a great stimulus. The good morning is not one of them. In good mornings, you want to make sure that the tension is all in the hands. And if you go down quickly, first of all, that's exactly ideal for hamstring injury risk, because if you go down fast with good mornings, you're increasing the leverage pushed into the hamstrings on the way down. They get more and more painfully stretched the further you go. That's bad news to try to hit really fast. You don't want to dive on this exercise. And if you go too fast, you can lose connection with what else is going on. So the best things to do for hamstrings is a more than usual exaggerated slow-away centered. I like to take it. Be more a second, and then do my shit. Now, hunt center can be totally fast, no problem. E-centric should be slow. Next big tip. As you start the exercise, and you're doing repetitions, you may be able to get a great-mind muscle connection. Your hamstrings are firing everything's awesome. What you may run into as a problem is as you fatigue, your mind muscle connection in decrease, and it can become just a matter of you going up and down any or way, and just doing the movement. So here's the big tip. As you get more fatigued, as you get closer to failure, supercure yourself, slow it down even more. As you're getting close to failure, chest up, chest up, chest up, knees back, knees back, back arch, chest up. There we go. Slow and meticulous and steady. That's more important to do closer to when you're failing. Versus in the first few reps. So a lot of people have really great techniques. So a lot of people have really great technique for a couple reps. As they get tired of the breakdown, so when I do to combat this, as I know I'm getting tired, I'll remind myself of the technique used. Hips back, knees barely bend, knees straighter, knees straighter, chest up, and then every rep towards failure is awesome. Mission accomplished. Last question in last tip. How deep to go on good mornings is deeper better? No. What's better is getting deep enough so that you're generating a ton of tension still with the hamstrings, a lot of eccentric pain in the hamstrings, but you're still strong and you're positioning in your lower back and your knees has not been compromised. So watch this. If I go, now this is unloaded, I could go a little deeper with weight. By the way, this is a transformer bar from Mr. Christophin. It's fucking awesome. I think it's a jetpack too. I can fly away with. But this works all those tips work for any other bar. If I go with really good technique unloaded, knees back right here is where I feel an incredible amount of pain in my hamstrings. My back is still arched, chest still up, knees still back. This is the bottom of my dump. I can't really go any further. If I wanted to go further, I would have to do one of three things round my chest, round my back, lose that tension, or curve my knees over and bend my knees. Now look at this. Holy shit. Watch this. Wow. Best-Rom ever bullshit because that's not hamstring around. So how you pick your best-depth is arch into your technique super well. And when your knees are back and when your chest is up, when you're experiencing a ton of pain and stretching the hamstrings, that's when it's time to go back up. What you can do is set the supports in a place you know that's roughly going to happen after a bunch of sessions. And then gently touching the supports tells you you did a good rep. But before you do that, explore, get your technique right, do your best, and then it's all massive hamstrings, sees of massive hamstrings from their unout. Guys, thank you for tuning in. See you next time.