My earlier assessment of isometrics was similar to what a lot of science folks were saying. 5, 10 years ago. We used to say that isometrics were inferior for growth, compared to dynamic that is moving, concentric, eccentric, muscle contractions. It seemed valid at the time, tentatively to say they grew less muscle than dynamic contraction, but is that still true? Our isometrics back on a menu for muscle gains. Let's find out. We have a new study to look at and I'm going to rant a ton about how this fits into the overall picture and give you guys actionable training advice. The new study is the effects of long muscle length isometric versus full range of motion isotonic training on regional quadriceps the Morris hypertrophy in resistance trained individuals who in the authors are a star started cast of Dorian Vardavic Barovic Christian Saganjad Milo Wolf Milo Wolf and Bartro Klus on Dr. Lakis Karakakis which is none other than a doctor pack. Who by the way Scott has Android in his name? Oh my name? It's pretty dope. And then a Brad John Showenfeld, I don't know who that is and a Pavle Mikulich which is basically Scott this study group is like a bunch of Slavic Hitmen like the last people you see knocking on your door and Serbia and pack in Milo the dynamic duo and the Brad Showenfeld who invented hypertrophy. It wouldn't be no hypertrophy for y'all at smoke unless Brad Showenfeld was enough. So what did the study find? It had 23 participants. They trained both of their quad's six weeks straight two times a week, where they cool. But they trained each leg differently so they served as their own controls which means the statistical power, the ability of the study to find out what's going on is really high because genetics and all that stuff goes out the window. Diad and lifestyle also got the window. The only thing you're really testing is like one type of contraction versus the other. One leg did normal full range of motion-leg extensions, difficult. The other leg they put into the most stretched position or a very stretched position and had them press on that plate which didn't move so it's isometric as hard as they could for a few rounds. And so basically what happens is you're testing traditional dynamic contractions versus isometric contractions and the results were basically that both quad's grew about the same. There was some regional differences in quad growth but I think they're so small and so speculative that I'm not even having a comment down there. I hate when the we'll study insight gets taken way too far and all of a sudden we're concluding to the moon. However, the main finding that about the same growth resulted from isometrics and dynamic training is a big deal. Why is that such a big deal? My earlier assessment of isometrics was similar to what a lot of science folks were saying five, ten years ago. We used to say that isometrics were inferior for growth compared to dynamic that is moving concentric eccentric muscle contractions. Like isometric stable contractions where you're pushing and getting something and pulling and something that doesn't move we said was inferior for growth. This is because a lot of the earlier work on rodents, rats and animals of that nature and even some of the human work showed inferior muscle growth outcomes for isometric versus dynamic work. So while it was never valid to say that isometrics don't grow muscle it seemed valid at the time tentatively to say they grew less muscle than dynamic contraction but is that still true? Well this study that we just talked about by a lot of it in colleagues is just a part of a grander pattern that's been emerging in the last five years and that pattern is that a decent number of studies in the past five years have come out and essentially showed that isometric training five, five, five, ten, really, you can think about it. Isometric training causes a very robust growth sometimes comparable growth to dynamic training and interestingly enough earlier rat studies that I just read recently again, they're fun. One of the rat studies suspected that one of the reasons why the rats were not growing much from isometric rat training is basically when they hang on a little ladder with weight off their tail is that the muscles were in the shortened position and that if you got these muscles isometrically contracted in a lengthened position that you could actually stimulate more gains and we find that many of the studies recently published that show isometric severe robust for growth are also in that lengthened position because it used to be when they tested isometric severe always are almost always the shortened position curious that that prediction came out to be true. So now as of today as of 2025, 2025, it's unwise to say confidently that isometric sure a waste of time or don't work as well and it's better to say that at least at the lengthened positions in a deep stretch, isometric's might cause robust growth and be a valuable tool in training but isometrics have downsides almost all of them are practical downsides first. You know you're close to failure when your bar speed starts to slow down or the weight starts feeling really heavy and you know you're at failure when you can't move the weight anymore but what the hell does failure in isometric contractions even look like? It's really really tough to talent practical circumstances but it's a way later I'll show you how but it's tough. And the reason we concern about that is because to ensure you're recruiting lots of muscle and growing well you want to get close to failure at least in the conversation three or four upshot failure but with isometric at some point you just kind of give up pushing on the bar and how do you know you pushed it to your limits and here's the other problem that sort of dovetails in with eccentric training with concentric training on the way up on curls for example use a normal amount of nervous system activation. With eccentric training you use less so your nervous system gets less tired but your muscles get just as much growth if not even a little more. With isometric training use a ton of nervous system dry combine the fact that the isometric use of ton of nervous system drive and the fact that you don't really quite know when to quit with isometric and that is a recipe for getting very very neurologically tired for my symmetric training set for set that you would from dynamic training and that could be not great because nervous system fatigue does accumulate like all forms of fatigue and eventually it could cut your mesocycle short and make you not gain as much muscle because the training is less sustainable. In addition to that isometric's may not grow the whole muscle as evenly as dynamic contractions and they're positionally dependent so isometric's short muscle length seem to grow the proximal ends of the isometric's long muscle length seem to grow the distal end of the fibers which is to say more towards the end of your muscles away from the center of your body towards the limbs. But no isometric really grows overall that well because it's kind of one or the other bias. If you put it in the middle of the middle of the middle of the muscle but doesn't do much else for the sides are as much rap. Another hit on isometric is that they don't transfer to dynamic abilities as much. When you lift weights you do the full range of motion you get a ton of health benefits which also get a ton of strength benefits. You get a ton of mobility benefits. With isometric's you don't get nearly those benefits because what kind of sport are you isometric contracting in sports like that do exist but most sports most physical activities picking up your groceries pushing your kids in a cart pushing zombie children away from you throwing zombie children into the air and shooting them out of the air with shotguns like Scott that went real far but there's zombie children. There are real children there ghosts of ones children before but not anymore. That all requires dynamic strength and isometric's don't transfer to a rear-world shit as much. So let's some downsides. However you can implement isometric's effectively in your training plan in a few ways. First you can pause your reps under load especially in the bottom portion of lift for example with leg presses. Benchpressive and dead hang pull ups still actively contracting your quads actively contracting your pecks actively contracting your lats your lats your lats but at that very length and position can generate tons of tension. I symmetrically and can stimulate growth and is even super safe because it lowers that rebound energy you get and the probability of pulling a muscle is now much lower so extra safety and a bit of good growth can be had by doing pauses which is why for not all of my stuff but a lot of my stuff I do pauses anyway so we're already checking that box of isometric's because that's what pausing is it's an isometric contraction and now we know probably system games. The second thing you can do is use isometric long-length contractions as finisher. I hate the term finisher is mostly because I'm a person taking a asshole but let's say you're doing a last set of machine presses for chest and you are done doing dynamic reps either as close to failure as you want to be or you actually want to failure what you do here is you come down to the very stretched position but about half an inch above that so your muscles are almost at maximum stretch but completely active because they're lifting up that bottom half inch. You stay in that position and prevent the weight from clank clanking all the way down under the stretch for as long as you can or start with an extra five seconds and then next week do an extra ten and then the week after that try 15 and so on and so forth. That really timed out long long length and long duration isometric contraction right when your muscles are the most tired it's all you can do but it really milks that last bit of stimulus for muscles it's an excellent finisher that you can give a try to anytime you like it's fun it's challenging and adds loads of growth when you're too tired to do dynamic reps anymore so it's excellent for like a last set or a last set of last exercise for muscle. Shit one of the things you guys can do is do bodyweight squats at the end of heavy leg presses or hacks squats or regular squats do the two thirds my a rep style which basically you go from bottom of the squat up two thirds bottom of the squat up two thirds until you can't do squats anymore and then what you do is you fix your butt just below parallel. Scott we've done that with Tristan and a few other folks before Mr. Tristan Lee you get just below parallel and you sit in that position you're not sitting all the way down you are asked to sit at just below parallel for as a long as you can that is a narrowly long length isometric contraction and will 150 billion percent grow you more muscle it's fun and it's especially fun if you're the trainer so personal trainers for watching this you'll free to toast your clients with a setting time you like because you get to yell at them they get super hyped and motivated it's a fun challenge and the best part about being a trainer is you don't have to go through the pain if you want to go through the pain it's going to lead to more growth. I'm almost done but I have one more really important thing to tell you guys. I want to steer you guys a tiny bit away from thinking there is a particular kind of muscle contraction that you have to be emphasizing at the expense of all others there are three contraction types e-centric isometric concentric is when you're lowering load against resistance isometric is when you're holding load in place and concentric is when you're lifting and raising the load the muscle is shortening and accomplishing work. I want to trend you guys into the direction of using all three contraction types in your training why because we have good reason to believe that each of the three contraction types hit muscle hypertrophy from slightly different angles and slightly different mechanisms even and thus if you use all three you might be able to get more growth overall there was a paper back in the day in 2017 by franchy and colleagues it's titled skeletal muscle remodeling and response to e-centric versus concentric loading more phological molecular and metabolic adaptations it's a great paper I would say get a link to that paper and just shoot it into the chat gbt and be like hey really take your time to think this through and summarize the implications of this paper to me is deeply as you can it'll do a great job with that or you're going to need the paper yourself if you like what they did was it's a review paper talking about all these different contraction styles and what they actually caused the muscle to do and one of the big take homes from that is that the dynamic contraction of the concentric contraction what that tends to do well actually let me start with e-centric's first because it's going to make more sense e-centric contractions grow more muscle in series which means they actually make your muscle belly a little bit longer longer fuller muscles are 100% the thing that you want in bodybuilding and in physique by doing that what they do is now that your muscle is a longer you can fill more of them in width wise and the overall volume is going to skyrocket and then you do do that a bit as well but e-centric contractions also tend to be biased towards longer muscle length portions of the muscle the distal portions of the muscle on my battery phrase that poorly so what happens here is if you take your bicep for example e-centric contractions can lengthen the meat of your bicep by a little bit and add more meat to the very end of it which is usually what's going to make you more aesthetic bigger meat down here on the triceps looks better than bigger meat up here it gives you more quads weep and the whole thing so that's the centric contractions concentric contractions grow your muscles more width wise than they do lengthwise and they grow more muscle in the middle of the muscle belly so if you think about this eccentric contractions lengthen your muscle and grow it more at the end concentric contractions contractions i what they do is fill in the middle a ton at the end of the day combining those two contractions allows you to have muscles that are fuller longer more on cut now sorry wrong video and thicker at the same time because if a muscle gets longer first and thicker later there's a more thickness to address there that gives you the ultimate combination of maximum size and the best kind of muscle shape which is more profound in the central and distal elements of the muscle that's how you get quads weep that's how you get bubble shoulders that's how you get meaty hanging triceps that's why I want you guys to focus on doing the eccentric and the concentric and now that we know that isometrics also grow muscle especially lengthen positions you can do isometrics as well which is a huge huge deal so all three contraction types are what you should aim to do in your training maybe not all the time you can have some mesocycles that you can program on your arpeight hypertrophy app that really take advantage of a centric's more you can have some the taken advantage of concentrics you can some that take advantage you can have some the taken advantage of isometrics more but these should be ingrained to play with all the time but wouldn't say well which is not word about concentric where is not word about eccentric where is not word about a symmetric you should be using all three contraction types in your training because there's decent reason to believe this is tentative but probabilistic that you can get more overall growth doing all three types regularly than just focusing on one of the other because here's the thing it's going to stay in today's culture but this is a universal across all of matter history people want Scott people want that one answer and when it's three answers they don't like that but what if I told you the rest three answers and that would in total get you the most growth because the one answer you're really looking for is what's going to make me grow better and the answer is probably doing eccentric concentrics and isometrics that's my big wisdom for you guys today if you want to use the arpeight hypertrophy app to help you with that amazing link in the description otherwise i'll see you guys next time hopefully your muscles are longer and thicker which is how I like it peace homies