Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike Isrtle, and this is another episode of Hi-Purtrrophy Myths. Here's the thing guys, heavy singles for head-perrophy. Your dad did him, grandpa did him, and you remember that one time your parents opened up the old photo album, and you were like, let me and mommy, who's that? You're like, that's grandpa. What's he doing in that picture? Well, heavy singles for hi-perrophy son? Oh, I'm so proud. Don't be proud, because great grandpa is a fucking idiot. Sure, hope that laid enough for the YouTube algorithm, they're not cancel us for swearing. Here we go. As usual with the myths, we got the good. We got the bad. We got the real talk. But before that, we have to talk about what the myth specifically is. And the myth is already said it. There's a quote, a ghost of like this. I like working up to a heavy single, then drop and down and do in reps. It's usually said by a person who talks like that. And you can insert heavy double or heavy triple, and the shit just works the same way. So it's not just heavy singles this myth. Have anything less than five reps for sure, especially on the lower end of that spectrum. All right, what's the good? The good here for hi-perrophy, by the way, don't you get in the comments and talk about strength training. Yes, singles have an important role in strength training, definitely doubles in triples. But for hi-perrophy, and I'm talking about somebody who abjectly says, look, I want to get jacked, and I don't give a fuck about anything else, which is like most people who go to the gym. And or people who are like, especially people who are involved in competitive physics sports. Especially people's supplement contracts and incomes, pro-voted builders depend on that shit. Okay? There are some advantages, there are some advantages. You can do a few heavy singles or a heavy single or a double or triple, if you have your reps. And you can potentially, your nervous system to perform at a higher level in the several minutes thereafter for your next working set, which would be a normal five to 30-rap hi-perrophy set. When you do that next set, if you lifted very heavy right before, you can expect to get higher up numbers. One of these, there's both neural, direct, neural unlocking of your ability to really push. One of these is actually organelle-based. There's a Golgi tendon organ in your tendons. And it basically detects force and tells your nervous system to cap off its activity. If it feels like your tendons are experiencing really high force and I think it's going to tear. If you expose the nervous system in the Golgi tendon organ to very high forces, after several minutes, it like smokes a cigarette and goes, eh, everything is fine. It's okay. And I'd get to open yes. And then you're actually able to use more of your fucking raw nervous system to drive higher forces in more ability. You're a sort of unlocking or potential. It's like, I don't know, it's a getting hit in the face. First time you get hit in the face, it really hurts. The second time you're like, eh, I could be here all day. The third time you wake up in the hospital, and the doctor's like, actually it was not all day. It was three hits. You have a week, chin. In any case, here's the thing. If you do have a single, the nervous system kicks in. When, let's say you're trying to squat to 25 for as many reps as possible. And like, previously your best was 10. If you hit up like 315 for a fucking heavy single right before, when you have 225 loaded on your shoulders and the set after, let's say you take a three or four minute break. 225 on your shoulders. Bro, you walk it out. You're like, oh my fucking God, but I can press the shit. It feels like nothing because you just did something super heavy right before. When you start doing a reps, they'll be faster. You'll be more powerful. You will almost certainly get a few minutes. You'll get a few more extra reps amazing. Great. Your reps will feel lighter for sure. Because the reps will feel lighter, you'll often have a better mind muscle connection. Like you can have better technique and really open up and really hit your quads as opposed to like protecting yourself from the weight. Because you just expose yourself to a much heavy weight man. With this lighter weight, you feel free and feel like you would really focus on the mind muscle connection. And because of all those factors, often your externally viewed technique is better too. So it's a really big win, right? And faster fibers do in fact respond pretty well to heavy loading. So you'll get theoretically some hyper-traffic stimulus from even a heavy sink. This is a very steel man. Don't worry, will erase most of these things or rather replace them with better alternatives. Right now, here's the bet. Number one. One rep maxes and even singles and sort of doubles and triples. Cause almost no growth. Especially if you're advanced, you just need more fucking volume. You're proximity to failure and one of our ends are anything close to that. It just does not cut it. Number two. The injury risk from doing a heavy single or double or triple is real as fuck. And it gets more and more real, the bigger and stronger you get the more experience to get the older you get, the more you've had heavy loads under your belt before. Guys in the gym that are jacked and on tons of gear usually in the guy in clean pressing five plates, they almost never get hurt doing a set of 10 to 20 or sets of even five to 10. They generally get hurt doing drum roll. Maybe Scott the video guy will drum roll this. Maybe not. It'll just be in silence. Single doubles and triples. That's how many of the fuckers get hurt nine and ten times. And the sad thing about when bodybuilders, when powerlifts just get hurt with single doubles and triples. Hey, that's like, you know, that's like a shoulder soldier getting shot in wartime. That's what you do. It's part of the job, part of the risk. And you're bodybuilder. Why? Why? You just got hurt doing something that was not even remotely required. And not only was it required, not required. It was bad for you because of problem number three. It tires you out, especially if you psych up for it. You psych up for it. Because you know, like at the end of the day, let's be honest. And we're skipping a little bit, but I'll say this again later. The reason you're doing it is because you're an egotistical piece of shit. You want to go have it in your fucking reason. So you're going to do it. You're going to psych up for it. You don't take singles. You don't psych up for it unless you're doing the squat or foundation, but you're not doing that. You're doing like the fucking nuts get it. I want to fucking big single before month. The rest of my workout. It's going to tell you out psychologically and you're not going to be able to put in as much high quality work for high-perch if you later. Like even the expectation of having to hit a big single and the fear of it and the fucking fight or flight can tire you out before even start to work out. It's just draining in for no good fucking reason. Lots of bad downsides. Here's the real talk. All those benefits of potentiating and going heavy slightly. You can get with 110% of your working weight and you don't need to go to 150% whatever the fuck that converts when you're close to your one-rate backs. So if you're about to do 225 for reps instead of doing 315 for a single, do 245 for reps or like set of two. 245 for a single double or triple, rack, wait three to four minutes and then 225 will feel super fucking light and super good and all that good stuff. And if you really have to go even ever 255 and find to 65 and okay 275. But 315. Why? There's no good reason to do it. It gives you all the upsides of potential to go a little bit lighter as long as it's notably heavier than the working weight. And with minimal downsides. Yeah, you're not used to squatting through 15 even if you are if it's close to your max, you may tear your shirt up. Anytime you squat through 15 if your max is left roughly maybe on a good day 330. Anytime you have to go to the other back you may fuck your shirt up. It's not likely, sure it's how more likely than doing 225. But if you have 245 on your back instead, the marginal difference in injury risk is enormous cavernous. It's enormous. So if you get all the benefits pretty much with going just a little bit heavier than your work weight. But almost the reduction in downsides is insanely high. Why the fuck would you do this? And if something like singles doubles and triples don't really grow a ton of muscle directly. And it's a practice that puts you as a sizable risk of injury. It had better have a damn good reason for inclusion. For example, for power lifters, singles, don't grow muscle directly in any notable way. They definitely put you at a sizable risk of injury. So why do we do them? Well, there's a damn good reason. I have a fucker. You got to do them shit because that's what the competition is. It's specificity. They're going to ask you to do a single and competition. You hit better. Get good at it. Do it in plenty of triples doubles and singles. But when we look at hypertrophy training, hypertrophy training, that's hypertrophy myth. This is not general weight training myth. I hypertrophy myth. Why? God's name would you do this shit and it doesn't make any sense. There's only two reasons I can think of. Fucker is fun. It's fun getting together with your boys. Do you want a couple one RMs? Slap in each other's asses? Damn that felt good to do. Taking it to the locker room. More stuff happens. Try to fall asleep at night. You can't make the thoughts go away. Why did we do what we did? I wasn't comfortable with all that stuff. What is my sexual orientation? Is it all the above? God, I remember man one time when I was in my Jewish day school and in the rabbi. Fuck. Anyway, it's fun to have fun at the gym with the boys, even by yourself. And hitting singles is the shit. But if you think about it for a while, it makes no God damn sense. And there's all the ways to have fun. Like doing drops, that's in shit. That's actually hypertrophy. And really the big reason people do this is big weight ego. And that's it. Come, it's a male thing. Like when I walk with my wife through Costco, 100% chance, she stops to look at some bullshit trinket. It's a female thing. For U.S.J. W's getting the comments. Everything is on a normal distribution of spectrum and some females absolutely uninteresting, shopping my wife. It's a variant of that spectrum where she rarely does the thing, but she'll do the thing. And what do males un-average tend to do? They see a big weight. They want to pick it up. And it's fucking sweet. And that's what fucking it. Yeah. Hell yeah. But hell yeah. Well being smart. Hell yeah. Well understanding like, yes, I could try to pick up that giant tire in the road. But I could also pull my bag. Oh, my bag. But I could go to the store and find out if I have a gun on the road. But if you think that's something that you can't do. For U.S. listeners, don't do it. You're too prone to injury, J.K.F.F.F.L.S.A. maybe. You gotta be smart. And in her purchase of her training, you have to weigh trade-offs. Is this worth the risk or is it not. And if you're like, look, I like doing heavy singles. Fuck you, Dr. Mike, I understand the trade-offs and I'm still making them. Listen, I'll shake your fucking hand. Before you go in the rack and kill yourself. But respect. are good for hypertrophy. Let me know in the comments below. And if you liked this video, like it. Click like. You two apparently like that. If you really like this video, you've never heard my ass talk before. Hit the subscribe button and then you subscribe to shit. We also have a member section if you're a real fucking nerd and you want more nerd shit. We have tons of that all the time, bunch of videos every month for a super low price of whatever the price is. It's like five bucks. And other than that, go click on links and click on the description and buy our p things because remember, I now have 37 Lamborghinians. One of the botlers got real crazy. He was showing off and he crashed one of them. It actually fell into the lake that is surround my entire house. I pretty sure he drowned, but we were also a drunk guy. We didn't remember what happened to him. So I think it's 36 Lambo's. So we need that Lambo back. And we're not, I don't know, fuck with it. There's tons of lambo's in the lake that I just left forever. We don't even bother winging about. It's kind of cool. The fish, lovin' this one through a woman's like, you know, like a shipwreck. Except Lambo wreck. That's like half the lake. So we just leave it in there. So I have to buy a brand new Lambo. And I mean, I have to buy a, I don't go. The botlers go. They get in the Lambo as they come back. So buy some stuff. Lambo, collection must continue. I'll see you guys next time.