Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization, continuing on with our series about specializing on a particular muscle group. Today's video is the one you've been waiting for dying for. You've been in the tiny little makeshift tent in the great war, writing back from the front to grandma. And you're like, we're shelving in today. Also, can't wait to train my calves again on a specialization program of good old days. In any case, calf growth programming, specializing in calves is a curious curious idea. Because generally speaking, we have a couple of ways we ultra programming in order to specialize on something, the biggest of which is that when you specialize on anyone thing, you reduce the training for at least some other things. Because your body system only has a certain finite ability to recover, finite ability to train really hard. So if you really want to bring up your quads or something, you get to ease up on all the other stuff, just to make room for that sort of thing. And with calves, like with forms and maybe even like with traps. You know, gee whiz, there's really small systemic component. So there's not a lot of moving stuff around. And as far as the prioritization stuff or specialization, like why would you want to specialize calves, the answer is also quite obvious, is because you want bigger calves than you have now and probably bigger calves than the relation to the rest of your body, or at least keeping your calves caught up. You don't want to be the super jack guy who will come with God man, how much do you, oh, shit, hell happen to your little leg bro, or crocodile accident. That's the one calf, the other calf's alligator accident. It's really kind of an incident because I attack the alligator. Well, we got my calf all right, but I have the fucking rest of him. Every time I close my eyes, I see, so God damn stupid face. In any case, yeah, getting big calves is a bit more straightforward there. And the else so let's get we're a lot of the formalities here and just cut right to the chase. But just to review the basic specialization, this is important because people seem to have this thing with calves where they copy and paste the programs that are effective for other muscles, instead of deriving the program a new from principles. The big difference here is that if you just copy and paste something, it could be very inappropriate for its task. For example, if you shoot a rifle like this and you copy and paste the exact technique of shooting a rifle, except with a shoulder mounted rocket grenade launcher, you're going to do this. And the fucking barrels going to be pointed in a shoulder, you will shortly have no shoulder. But if you take the principle of firing something, two principles, one, grab it in a way that is possible to aim it well and two, make sure it doesn't hurt you. You will put the RPG up here instead of down here. So it's a good thing to transfer principles instead of exact templates. Those exactly how to train my chest. I'm just going to train my calves for a variety of reasons that doesn't work very well for calves and that's one of the small reasons why most people walk around with tiny fucking calves. The biggest reason is there is no fucking bother training them. All right. So real quick, basics of specialization as applied to calves and everything else, of course. First is you want to choose exercises and modalities and repranges that preferentially stimulate the target muscle. Notice, does not mean you should that work for other muscles, but you should that works well for your calves. Prioritization, this is a big one. Train the muscle first or early in all the days in which you train it. Because you know, you want to be fresh. The thing is, almost never, is that done for calves? Caves, almost by definition and afterthought. Caves is insured you do when you're fucking annoying training partner. You're like, you know, you're done. You fucking got a chest pound by support me like, look, yeah, let's get to the club and fuck at the club, down the open with people, with consenting people. And your training partner is like, oh, no, do we have calves left and over and you're like, fuck, point extra, get out of here. Nobody wants to do calves, but the reality is if you want the biggest calves possible, you can't have that attitude. You should probably train them first or early. Now the good news is, if you train your calves first, especially before upper body, get really interfere with anything. It's just a checklist that I didn't get out of the way. And that's going to be a theme we're going to carry through much of this video. You just got to get it done. Calf training isn't fucking warfare. You need to paint your face into fucking camo colors. Just has to get done, but that just has to get done is something a lot of people aren't going to do. Frequency. You're only speaking higher frequency works. Better for specialization. This is especially true of calves in many cases. Get to what that means in just a bit. Now the last point here is the non-specialized training reduction. You're really going to have to do a whole lot of that. What you probably don't want to do is train calves before you train like quads or something. And then your calves are super pumped and super fucking tired and your stability and your limiting factor on like leg press, hacks, lots of squat, trends into like your calves, which you don't want. But other than that, like really don't have to make a whole lot of adjustments. So when you're constructing your specialized plan, you are hopefully doing what I'd very now, feverishly taking notes. Frequency. Four calves is going to be pretty high for most people. Now the reality is frequency is derived like it always is, you give a standard dose of training two to six sets in the first session in the first mesocycle while I closer to two, two, three or four sets. And then you see how long it takes for you to no longer be sore and be very strong again a few days later. And then you train again. And that's sort of organically determines how often you train and then you modulate the volumes to make sure you recover on time all the time. That's definitely the critical principle behind calf training and all training actually. For most people, they're going to be able to hit their calves pretty hard, get a good pump, get a good weakness and everything like that. Come back and hit the calves again. Oh, one to two days later, which means a three or four time a week split is usually pretty sound. Your calves may heal slower than average. Some people, their technique, my muscle connection is so good with calves and actually they have pretty decent calf genetics. Maybe they didn't know about it as they never trained them. But if you have pretty good calf genetics on average, you will get more sore and for longer from training calves. So sometimes people can get really good calf training just training their calves hard twice a week. That's totally a thing. But if that's you, that means after each training session or calves are tired and fucked up and sore for like two to three days after every session. Not like, oh, I trained calves yesterday and friend is like, oh, how are they feeling? You're like, I'd fucking jump up and not a thousand times today. I don't, I can't feel shit. Well, you need to be training calves again, either today or tomorrow. So if you are a low frequency calf trainer, it's going to be a abundantly obvious to you because you're going to get real fucked up from training calves consistently, time and time again. Now, on the other end, you need to be an individual that trains calves five or six days per week. That is not a goal. But if that's something you want to do necessarily, it's something that you just end up fucking doing. Right? I'm going to make the worst analogy. Maybe I've ever made. That's that true. One of the worst analogies I've ever made, you know, um, you could ask somebody when maybe a specialist in this field, like, I'll like a sex therapist or something like, how many times, you know, per week should I be dangling? Like anyone who actually knows things will never be like as often as possible. That's fucking ridiculous. That is like, your janitals are worn out. You're not having any more fun and you're still doing the thing. You're like, Tata, here I am and she's like, hey, you love in this. You're like, no, if the check-in, you feel my dick, God damn it, get on here. Right? The correct answer is whenever you're good, well, and ready to have some fun again, and you're physically capable, hit it. If you're going to get that to the ideal frequency. It's a very similar thing with calf training, other training as well. You're not trying to train calves six times a week because you get some kind of fucking gold star and you get huge calves and you're going to see if you can see those calves. That's a six-time, a week calf right there. No way. Because if you training good calves, means they're sore for two or three days, six times a week training is fucking stupid. And because of how fiber types and genetics for growth and stimulus work, the people that need to train their calves six times a week, put another way. The people that can recover ultra rapidly, or probably on the slower twitch end of things, they can't leverage the calf to do a lot of mechanical damage. And they may for other reasons not being able to provide as high stimulus as other people. So then there are going to be the ones ready to train calves every day, but they're going to be training calves six days a week for a result that will be unhaven, not as remarkable as someone who trains calves twice a week. And this is one of the biggest reasons that we made these videos for you guys. And there's an intellectually really sort of high watermark here of be careful copying people with big XYZ muscle. Look, if someone has a big calf or something like that, I'm definitely curious about what they're doing. I'm not saying, you know, just ignore, I'm like, book, adult genetics, synth all, although in Jared Feathers case, it is all genetics. Just remember that everyone's different and you have to train your shit to how it's perfect for you. And that means that if someone are the amazing genetics, trains calves twice a week and they grow like weeds, that doesn't mean like obviously everyone with big calves trains them twice a week. And you guys will see this thing as a model carried over to other muscles. But anytime you look at someone who's training in a certain way and they're on social media and they read magazines and stuff and they watch YouTube, they'll be like, I train like this because all the top bodybuilders do it. Well, the top body will just have unbelievable genetics in a variety of ways. And you may not have those. And you may and then great, hey, you're seeing the pros, right? But you may not and your training may need to be different to a lot of us with not such great genetics need to train more frequently, not to make up for our genetics. But simply because we recover faster and we recover faster because our muscles are smaller, they don't take in as much damage. They're not as hyper-trafficly sensitive, thus you can repeat that process more often. So for calves, remember, the real critical thing is I guess three or four acts, two or five acts, you could read the slide and be like, what the fuck? What is the frequency? The frequency is fucking hit him hard. See how long they take to recover and then hit him hard again. That's it. Could be two, could be three, could be four, could be 17 times a week. A new program, RP 17, extra week, calf training, dot dot dot, are you ready? Question mark? You guys like that ad copy? Yeah. I'm kind of like, I used to be an ad vertending executive at a big company. I don't like to talk about it. I stood up morally against an ad they were putting out and it was like a silent exit so legal and not a lot of talk about it. Maybe I'll talk about it some other time. All right. So in any case, exercise, multiple angle calf raises means what? Really, it means like on a bunch of different machines. Leg press, hacksquat, calves, calves off the staircase, calves pointed this way this way that way. Any kind of variety you can use to spice it up. Except for seated calves. Anytime you have your knee bent, your gas truck muscle, the big diamond shape calf that you like to have, goes into insufficiency, okay, it becomes, you actually can't hardly generate an intention at all because it's sort of the muscle collapses in it itself a little bit. It's just a contract that already and it just doesn't do much. The seated calf, or as I like to call it, the double-dilled machine because there's inevitably double-dilled those for you to hold down to practicing for your day job. It's a cool machine to train your soleus muscle, which is deep to your calves and if it's really big, it makes your calves look like kinkles. I don't think anyone really ever wants a big soleus. I mean, they think they do, but they probably don't. The soleus also gets trained really well with a straight knee. So it actually isolating the soleus by itself with a bent leg is just unwise in most cases. If you could try it if it works for you amazing, but it probably won't. Nothing is that machine. It's just great to be able to sit there, relax, and do this momentum thing, and use 800 pounds or impress the girl that's also training calves. And it just doesn't do a whole lot. I just wouldn't do it. That's my recommendation. If you want to try it, sweet, I don't typically endorse the thing. Set numbers, of course, like everything else, two to six sets, a procession for calves. Start out there, see how it goes, start out in two to three sets. I wouldn't start with six. You would be able to not walk for a long time. And basically, you know, like when you have a pretty good pump, and it feels like a workout, you feel tired, you're strength is dropping. I would say that's enough for the first session. It's a very easy for a first session of calves to get the pump of your life, and be all happy about it, but then like for four days straight, your calves are hurting like crazy. Just miss out on quality training. You may do more damage than you can actually recover from. So you need to dip into your growth resources to recover, and then you get less growth. So nothing we want there. Here's a big one. Loading and reps. You want to use the repetition range as to get you the best stimulus to fatigue ratio proxies, which means the most tension in the calves, not the Achilles tendon. The most burn in the calves, big deal, the biggest pump in the calves, biggest perturbation, and so on and so forth. Well, at the same time, not fcking up your ankle tendons and not hurting your knee or whatever else you do. For most people, this is a well above 10 repetitions per set or a load that is in the 20 to 25 rep range, 15 to 25 rep range, on the first set or relatively light load. The thing about calves is the amplitude of the movement is so small. The repetitions don't take very long. So in a set of five calf raises, the time spent generating tension is so little that it's not enough of a stimulus fry purgifian most cases. And also if you do in sets of five with calves, that just seems to crush the whole fcking area with mechanical tension and not really ever hit that muscle as well as it's supposed to be him. I remember Arnold saying something about how his calves didn't really start growing until he started using crazy heavy weights. I have a completely opposite view of that in my experience with lots of folks, including myself, is that most people benefit from much higher reps for calves and shorter rest and that seems to work a lot better than heavy. They might not be the case for you, but take this under advisement and follow your responses. If you get really good calf training with sets of 10, look, I'm not going to your job and kick dicks out of your mouth. It's a Martin Lawrence quote, by the way. That's awesome. But if you have always been doing sets of five to ten for calves and you're wondering why your calves have never grown and someone's like, do you want to try to set a 20? And you're like, fuck that's cardio. You may be missing out on the biggest calf stimulus ever. I used to train calves. Set's a five to ten with bent net knee and everything. And it did hardly dick. And then I started doing slowly gravitating and discovering that higher reps sets with straight legs are like fcking crazy and I started growing like crazy. And I have like decent sized calves for my frame. They serve to share match the rest of me. Why, why, why, why, why my nicknames in high school was chicken legs. I'm a good friend of mine. Thanks Ryan. Fucking asshole. But yeah, so this one of those like being able to see things from a slightly different perspective and not just doing the traditional shit. All right, progressing through the plan once you've built your plan will have a sample plan in the sector that you can work off with if you want. Set numbers of course, this aligns to strength and soreness. If you don't get soared all, you train again when you're strength is back to being pretty good. Recovered to do another hit another PR. If you do get sore, make sure you're never training through soreness. Once you're sore, you train again. But given that you have a certain frequency, it's the volume you have to control. So if you do three sets of calves and you just barely heal on time for the Thursday calf workout. Let's say Monday Thursdays when you train calves. Three sets of calves here on that Monday. You barely recovered. Next week, don't have any sense to stay at three. Right? If you did force sets of calves and your calves are still sore and there is a do three next time. And you lose muscle by going for four sets to three sets. You'll actually grow more because now the volume is more appropriate for what you actually need. If of course, you're recovering well on time ahead of time at a set here and there to make it so that you're recovering much, much closer to just on time. Rups and reserve started around three reps and reserve and worked your way up by adding a five pounds here to an half pounds here or one or two reps each week. A lot of folks will get into the situation where they'll say, hey, like for muscles like forms and calves, maybe in biceps, can't I just go to failure? Do I need to do three reps and reserve at the beginning? The research seems to suggest that reps and reserve are better than failure training, especially over the course of a multi-week program. Will you pay less of a cost going to failure from week one on all these exercises? Yes, because their systemic fatigue contribution is lower. But you'll still pay more of a cost than you'd have to if you did three reps and reserve and then went after that. So you shouldn't look at failure training as when can the excuse of I just want to go to failure be most valid? You should look at failure training as what is the optimal thing for me to be doing to get the most jacked? Right? And I guess maybe that's one of the differences that our channel here at RP is maybe different than some of the other channels in the fitness space. We're going to cut you guys the real deal and what actually fucking works the best and it will let you sort it out how much of that you want to do versus how much fucker you want to do and have a good time. Because I'm not against a good time. If you want to go to failure all the fucking time and training even though you know it's not ideal but you and your fucking iron brothers are getting in there and slain fucking dragons and shit to word up. Just watch where you swing that fucking sword got damaged. I'm doing ax squats over swing away from me. But yeah, fucking go to failure all that stuff. But just know that there's a trade off there between optimality and we'll call it emotional satisfaction. So just know that and no calves should not be trained to failure all the time. It just because something's easier to get away with doesn't mean you should do it. Right? You don't carry that logic through the rest of your life. All right, someone's like hey, you ever tried robbing that old lady that lives across the street? I quit the things wrong. Why? She's going to get away with like, hey, good point. Good point. Fuck that old lady. I won't literally but uh, she's she's your words carefully, Dr. Mike. You could get canceled at any time. That's one of those things where you get to to rob the old lady and the first thing you see is just like point blank shock into your face. You're like, I thought your lifeline lifeler thing was on and I was coming to check up on you. But I'm shy so I'm wearing a ski mask and I have a giant potato sack with a money sign on it. So just kill me. Grandma, fuck it. I've had a good run. All right, sample plan. What with this calf training? Ultra scientific shit. Look like Monday, you may do some machine calf raises. A lot of calf machines are very good. Some of the plate loaded ones from back in the day are fucking awesome because you're going to a ballery center extra. You can really place your feet and they don't slide around. It's really good stuff. Machine calf raises just two sets of 15 to 30, 15 to 20 reps, three RIR. I remember this is week one, really using into it. And you rest between the sets and two you'll feel pretty strong again. So this is slightly heavier, harder work set for sets. You might rest like a minute or 45 seconds between sets. You'll rest less in the other days. Wednesday, single, stair or single calf, stair, dumbbell raises to be stand a stair, stairway, grab the handle, grab dumbbell, and you just maybe put one of your feet up on a higher step or just take one foot and put it up behind you like this and then do single calf at a time, switch dumbbell, switch stair, and go right into that other calf, no rest. Why? Because it's not systemically straining. I can't get out of breath doing that. And while one of your calves is getting hit, the other one is resting automatically. And calves require very little rest. So it's awesome. This is great. Calf training is here's a huge benefit. I wasn't going to mention this. It's good to mention. Scientifically optimal, quote unquote, really good calf training doesn't have to take a long time because the rest intervals are so small and because you ever need one exercise for calves per day to get the job done. Then honestly, if you have like five minutes, literally five minutes, maybe ten, three or four times a week, you can maximally stimulate your calves such that doing any more doesn't add anything. I mean, that's the fucking hilarious irony behind calf training and tons of guys at the gym having small calves is I think a lot of them think, oh man calves, that's another muscle I have to fucking train and a hate training at bucket. It's going to take forever. It's not, it's really quite easy. Single-steer calf raise and then Friday, you get on the leg press, slide your feet down, turn it into calf raise and you do my reps, four sets of 20 to 25 reps on the first set and then all of them. Rubs drop off after. Next set is when the lactate clears and the pain is just barely gone, which a lot of times will get you back into that five to ten rep range for all the success of sets, but also it only takes like five or ten seconds for that to happen. So really calf training is like blow-torching the fuck out of your calves for five to ten minutes and then just fucking off. It's really you don't have to commit it time like that's not like that for all the other muscles. Can you imagine someone's like it's easy to bring up your quads just ten minutes a day, three days a week and you'll have huge quads like that's two of my hackswap wargups. The fact out of here. All right. Now that's week one, you'll notice two sets of shit, two sets, four sets, six sets, six sets, seven sets. It's a very common to get between five and eight sets with the same exercise for calves to tail end of the week are very good at recovering and you need to squeeze out more adaptation there. Of course, everything is it's your reps and reserve. Calf training is one of the motherfuckers of tricky because there are so many ways to cheat in calves. You've been your knees a little more, use a little more, um, a little more hop, even lift your traps a bit on the one of the calf raise machines that has the pads here and here. You want to be one of these, you sort of got yourself a calf raise. So just be honest, go slow, go for that eccentric control, that super stretch depth. We have other videos on calf training technique that'll help you out and uh, really just be honest of like if I tried the next repetition will it be the kind of repetition that I can film put on social media and people will make fun of me and be like what the fuck was if the answer is yes, do it. There's another rap. If the answer uh, just stop. You just get more reps on the next. A little bit. All right. How long can you specialize on your calves for? Well, honestly, uh, as long as you like as as long as every, you know, three or four mesocycles, you take a two week act of rest phase or a four week low volume phase where you barely train your calves at all. You just train them so that they don't get any smaller and then you could actually blast your calves all the fucking time. I mean, psychologically, it's probably good idea every once a year, once every two years, to take a few months of just maintenance calf training and that's super easy to do. You're just training calves with like two to four sets, two times per week and they won't go anywhere. They won't get any smaller unless you do it in fat loss phase and then you have to train hard. But if you do that in a mask-aing phase or an maintenance phase, no big deal and then you can sort of like get your passion for calf training back if there is such a thing at all. All right, that's all good stuff. Thanks, Dr. Mike. This has been fun, but what about some other shit? I want free shit, Goddamn it. I came on this channel. I even hit subscribe. So what do I get? Well, here's the thing. Exercise video library all the links are below by the way. It's free so you can look up a calf exercise and see how Jared Feather does them and my calves look like that. No, the answer is they almost certainly more. But they look bigger than they do now, which is nice. Muscle group training guide, huge detail, all about calves, all about how to train them. So if you really want the super broken down version of this for like,otic people that live in the basement or obsessed when that exercise and have no friends, get on that shit. That's free. I perturb you made simple videos or free. If you're like what the fuck is as far on that stuff, go look those up. They're right in the description. It's an awesome playlist. I have a picture of your book. It's not titled hip-hurt-hurt-hurt-hurt-hurt-hurt, but damn close. Scientific principles of hypertrophy training. If you are really nerdy and curious about the background, remember I talked about the principles of training and how you transfer principles and not exact processes. That's the book for you. Another cost of money, not a ton, but I promise it's packed full of value. And ever now to get when you read the book, little ads for a cologne fallout. And you can smell them. It's got the video you guys, do you remember magazines just to have cologne ads? They're perfume and cologne? You peel back the layer and then you smell it and it always smells so goddamn good. And then you got possibly an erection and then you tried to tell yourself in your head that it didn't matter if it was the men's cologne or the female perfume that got you feeling like that. It's just a good smell. Who am I to judge myself? If you guys don't know, we're talking about your younger, much younger, or normal human being that didn't steal people's magazines to smell the perfume. Anyway, lastly, if you want to build yourself a calf program or anything program, you can try out our custom training templates, the links down there. It's not free, but it's fucking pretty cheap. And it gives you an awesome program, reusing reusing reviews as many times as you're interested in. It's just good stuff. You know, it's good stuff. And get out of there and get you one of them, shit's get you sorted. So that if you and I ever see each other in the street, I'll notice that you're jacked and I'll be like, and you'll be like, hey, custom training template. Yeah. All right, guys, thanks for tuning in. See you next time. I have to go train calves for the 16th workout of the week. That's right, we're back to that. See you next time.