Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Assounds Periodization. Drop everything you're doing right now. It's time to talk about Dropsets. Clever, huh? I made it all up myself. Dropsets. Where do they belong in a program? What are they? Why would they use them? Why would they not use them? Let's get into it. So Dropsets. Usually do an exercise. Usually for like 10 to 20 reps. Whatever I've ever closed to fairly, you want to get. Resting. No time at all. You immediately decrease the load by something like between 10 and 30%. As soon as you've decreased the load, let's say you're using 100 pounds. You go to 90 pounds. You do another set with no rest, minimal rest. And whatever number of reps you get, you reduce the load again, 10 to 30%. And you go. So you drop, drop, drop, drop, drop. How many drops? That's up to you. We'll talk about what sort of limiting factors on that are. But it's you do heavier load, drop and then drop and then drop. The load gets lighter and the rest is minimal. Super straightforward. What are the upsides? Some muscles in some people seem to respond really well to higher reps and lots of metabolite burn. Kind of like if you get the burn a lot. It's a really really great response. The muscle gets the burn a lot. The muscle gets a huge pump in association with high reps in the burn. It gets soreness later and it seems to grow well. They're in entire time versus some muscles. They don't get a burn a lot or if they get a burn it just kind of feels like they're exhausted. Four of the muscles that respond best to high reps and metabolites. I get the biggest burns. Drop sets are everything. Maybe not everything. They work really well. Like if you have biceps that accumulate a ton of lactose, someone's like drop sets. You're like, I'm gonna hurt, but it's really really good. And another great thing. Drop sets save a lot of time. A benefit I didn't put on here, but I do want to mention is if you want to go fucking ham and just let your inner level four sane. You're super sane for out to play. But you don't want to get your ass snapped in half by doing a five Rm in the squat. Drop sets especially when you turn up the juice after the first drop are a great way to just spell your fucking guts out and really try hard. Without really high injury risk because your fatigue already and the weight is precipitously dropping. Look, if you tear your bicep doing 40 pounds in the cable and then for you, that shit was just gonna happen. But it's a great way that if you really want to work if your muscles are really responsive to metabolites and that ton of the burn. And if you really want to just like emotionally let the fucking demons go, drop sets are a great place for them doing people stay like, oh man, I need fucking ham to up for this heavy ass way. Uh huh, that's nice. Get ham to up for a drop set of leg press and all of a sudden half the guys talking and like, Uh, it's, it's not for me. Yeah, no shit. This is fucking hard. So downsides because unfortunately drop sets are not for all occasions. If the exercise you're doing doesn't check the four boxes of rest times, your cardio assilabening factor, you're not feeling a strong, your synergist muscles aren't ready yet or even the local muscle isn't ready yet as soon as you go, then down sets can be, uh, sort of oh sorry, down downsides. The downsides of drop sets is that they're not very ideal. So for example, if you say, okay, I'm going to do a drop set of bicep curls. You do a set as soon as you select, you know, 100 pounds you go to 90, it's your bicep's limiting the movement again. So as you go down, it's your biceps. It's your biceps being stimulated at entire time because no other systems are really getting the way. Sweet, good choice. What if you try drop sets unlike the barbell squad? The first half of the fuck with that even work, you need like at least two other people to drop the weight off for you. It can be done. Let's say you start squatting. Let's say you're super big and strong. You start squatting with five plates. Get five plates for a set of 10. They take the weight off. Then instruction is to go as soon as possible. Okay. You rack the weight. They take it off. You don't even move from the rack. You just stay there. Stand there. Remember, you just did a pretty close to maximum set. You can barely fucking stand. Now you're going to squat four plates from sorry what like two reps. And then you rack it. And instead of squatting three plates, you collapse and start vomiting blood. This is not going to work. So you drop sets are almost always ideal for smaller muscle groups, more isolated muscle groups. And that way the muscle group can be the limit factor instead of the rest of your system. Second downside. Second way that these may be an ideal for all circumstances is if you do the money free weights, you can do them. Like you can run the rack. Latter races 20s, Latter races 50s, Latter races 10s. That works if you have your own gym or if you're there in all the hours. If it's a busy commercial gym, like grandma's picking up the 50s, you're not just like, hey grandma, look out of my face. I'm still using these. Like it's got a fucking rude. Latter guys to do a lot of drop sets with free weights. You know, getting in the way of everyone a lot. And if you do it with a barbell, that's even kind of worse. Like you bother other people less. But let's fucking like up right row 65 pounds. Put it down. Take the clips off. Put eight five off. Now it's 60 put the clips back on and then go. But gee, where's that whole thing took you 45 seconds? That's not really a drop set anymore. That's just more like a downset with an appropriate amount of rest. It's not checking the boxes that we want. What you might want to do better for those situations is like something like my reps. You're 65 for upright rows. You rest through to five seconds. You do 65 again, except the reps drop. Drop sets are almost exactly like my reps, except instead of waiting three to five seconds. You wait close to zero seconds. You just reduce the load. If load reduction is difficult thing to do, pretty much that main drop sets aren't going to happen. At least efficiently, at least effectively. What is the ideal thing to use drops sets on? Cable select-rise machines. If you can do this on a cable hamstring curls, lay extensions, some lap hold-outs. You can totally do this anytime. It's just taking a pin and putting it back in is the thing. Drop sets are at least potentially a good idea. I'm less than limited by some other factors. Last critique and sort of thing to be wary of a drop sets is the question is like, how many drops sets do you do? And is there such a thing as too many? There are too many on two grounds. One, you could just be doing so much volume that it turns into junk volume. Like, maybe it just turns into too much. Like if you do 10 drops sets for bicep curls, you're trying to buy some so hard. They're not going to be healed from the next session. It's fucking stupid. You can really get carried away because like there's never a time when you just stop. You can just keep making the weight lighter. Another big problem. A lot of people will stop weight before that because it's fucking hard. Another problem is if you go light enough, the fraction of faster twitch fibers that actually get hypertrophy almost at all involved become so low because they're so fatigued now. And the weight is so light, they just don't turn on. So the first couple sets, you're tired. Like it really slows down and you feel your muscles contracting. That's if you're doing 70 60 at 50 on the curl. When you're doing 40 30 20, the 20 you might be like, and someone's like, come on, again, you're like, and it's like, okay, what would that help happen? How can you were able to like multiply your speed by factor of 10, you know, 10. You're right now, it hurt, but I just started trying a lot of seconds if you try hard or you can go way faster. How close to failure really are you? Well it turns out if you normally curl 100 for a set of 15 and you've dropped your set, you're way to 20 pounds, that's just a matter of imposing pain on yourself. Your muscles aren't anywhere close to the maximum ability to contract. So our rule of thumb here is where you start to drop set from. If you drop any further than about 50% of that initial load, you're probably doing fuck all. So drop sets can be taken too far. I would say look, if you're going to do a drop set from 100 and you go 90, 80, blah, blah, blah. If you go anywhere below like 50 or 60, those sets after or mostly junk volume, all of the drops that should be hard and should feel heavy. It should be very difficult to lift it up. But if you're kind of like, oh, this is painful, but I can do it really fast, then the whole workout is over. You're doing too much junk volume. Folks, if you learned stuff, hey you're welcome. If you want to learn more stuff, hit the subscribe button, see us for other videos. We've got all these other modality videos up and more to come. See you then.