Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Predization. Today's video is to figure out if you have been bulking for too long and then what to do about it. So there are nine signs of excessive bulking that I can think of just nine miraculous planets aligned sort of situationally. It's there's eight planets now, whatever. Here we go. None of these by themselves for sure tell you you are overbulked. But all of them in their own little way combine to build an argument for the fact that maybe you're overbulked. So here they are. No particular order, they're all matter. First, you have lower energy than usual, often due to a higher bodyweight. And by energy, I mean the ability to spring up and bounce around and get stuff done. If you normally have to take out your mail and go drive to work and do this, do that walk the dog. If you're huffin and puffin and you're dragging your feet because you weigh so much more than you used to and you're kind of fat and out of shape, that's a sign that you whizz it. Maybe time to pull back on the bulk. Yes, as you grow over the years, you will get a little bit less mobile and a little bit less energy. But it's a sign that you've been bulking way too long in the past a little bit because you've gained so much weight that it's physically slowing you down in a big, big way. That just a little bit feeling you're heavier weight, but like holy shit, I'm not ready for this lower back as cramping, my calves are cramping. I can't barely walk around. It's too much. Next one. This is a big one. It's tough to get even very tasty food down. Let alone be hungry. I've gone through periods of massing where for eight weeks straight, I don't remember what hunger felt like. I don't wake up hungry. I don't go to bed hungry. Every single meal occurs before hunger sign wings is telling me that I need to eat the next meal. I don't even know what hunger is like. That's okay if you're getting all your food down and everything's going great. But if someone's like, hey, do you want to eat pizza? You're like, well, I don't know about pizza. And that happens all the time. Like, put pizza's super tasty. What the hell are you going to be hungry for? Interesting. And if it's not the tastiest food of the world, if you're normal foods that you have in pizzas, of course, just one of them. But if normal foods that you love, let's say you love sushi, you love burritos, you love ice cream, you love sugar, candy, you know, kids junk food. And all of a sudden, you're so masked out of your mind that you don't even like those things anymore. You like we're cram in a whole lot of nutrients down your gut, you might not be processing super well. So that's another sign that maybe it's a bit too far. Number three, if you back off and just eat like a protein sparing modified fast diet, like protein and veggies for a few meals a day, for basically like a day or a few days, you instantly lose like five to ten pounds of body water, ASAP. That means you're normally stuffing yourself so much. Your body is kind of like a chronic slightly systemically inflamed state, holding onto a crabwater water. And as soon as you pull back on that, you lose a shitload of water weight all the same time. That means you're pushing it really hard, which means it's maybe time to slow it down a bit. And to that end, when you do pull back and you eat very little, typically let's say you're in the middle of a diet, fat loss diet. You pull back to just protein and veggies, like a thousand calories a day. You're not going to feel better after two days. You're going to feel way worse. But you can tell if you're overmast or just bulking for too long. If you pull back to just like some veggies and some lean meats for a few days, and you're like at the end of those few days, you're like, I feel so incredible. I feel so great. I don't feel bloated. I don't feel tired. I feel free and fresh food tastes like food again. That means you're probably have overnada. If like basically a protein-sparing modified fast feels better than not, you might be overdoing the bulk. Next, all of your daily meals you're trying to get in. You are so full when you're trying to fall asleep at night from your last meal and the one before that stacked under it, the one before that stacked under it in your GI tract that you have a tough time falling asleep or that sleep is disturbed. You wake up super hot at night for example, actively digesting your food, which ciphons off heat or, sorry, puts out heat. That's a sign that if you have to keep gaining weight, what the fuck are you supposed to do? Where do you add more food? You're already like, if we do the analogy of filling up your gas tank in the car, there's already fuel coming out of the fucking spigot where you put it in. You're like, there's nowhere left. There's nowhere left to put anymore food. So much that I'm eating so much food that even by the time I'm supposed to be going to sleep, I'm having trouble in the ushing in its interferome with my sleep. That's kind of a hint to you like, maybe you're fine, but maybe it's time to do a fat loss phase or something to get rid of some of the excess weight so that you can eat a little less food and still successfully bulk. Point number five, you are hot all the time by itself now super concerned, but a point you can combine with the others to put in there and be like, okay, in the context of all of this it makes sense. For example, if you are, so other phenomena that are not by themselves instructive of anything, but in context are, if you are in a warehouse or something and you do a real serial killer on the loose, then you hear a female blood curdling scream. That probably means that someone's dying and either run towards them with a weapon or run or your bare hands or as fast as you can or run away from the scene as fast as you can, you assess the probability of you being the next person that is higher than you winning that confrontation with serial killer. However, if you are in a haunted house on Halloween and you hear a blood curdling scream, if you run away or try to kill someone, one of those you're embarrassing and you're in any it and two you're almost certainly going to get tried and convicted of assault and go to jail because that nobody that scream doesn't mean anything. It means that you're in a haunted house and that's just something they turn on with the audio file and it's a woman screaming. It's fake. So if you're just getting hot in general, that doesn't mean anything. But if all of these other things are lower energy and the usual because you're fat as fuck, the protein only stuff makes you feel amazing and you're also just running super hot where you're wearing like no clothes at all, you're in shorts and the winter and you're like, oh, it's shit. It's a hot outside. If you're like, it's 35 degrees, you're out of your mind. That shows you your metabolism is operating at a sky high level, which is cool. Unless you want to gain more weight, and you have to operate sky high and eat even more food on top of that. But if point number four is true that you have to eat so much food that you can't even fall asleep with too full of stomach, yeah, that's not a great sign and it means you're probably towards the end of your bulky phase. Another one is this is a big one. You look at your body and you kind of forget your and physique training or other people look at your body and they are like, oh, so you're like, powerlifting, you're like body builder and they're like, oh yeah, sure you are. I'm not sure you have muscles underneath that. What do I want my butt? I want to eat what? Now that titties and that forms just kidding. But like you're starting to look pretty ballooned out. Let's put it this way. There's no more clear abs if you ever used to have them and you're actually pinching off some like stuff. Where it's all psychological at this point. It turns out that physiologically even up to about 25% body fat for males and 30% for females. You are hormonally in a totally fine place to gain muscle and thus bulk. But aesthetically, if you're losing touch with anything that feels great to look at, it's probably tough to keep massing and you should probably back off. For example, there's a situation where, of course, we don't always want to look our contest best. That's crazy. That's an insane person. But like there's peak mass where you don't have any strations or details. You don't have any veins showing clearly. But your physique looks around and bubbly and full. You still have a decent shape. Your abs are a little blurry, but your outline looks good. And you're looking fuck yeah, I'm a fucking mass monster. That's totally cool. This is one level beyond that where you're like, do I lift weights or am I just a fat piece of shit? If you're getting to that point, you're for sure overbought. Why do I bring this up? A lot of people do the dreamer ball when they just start out with a unit ton of cookies and chocolate milk, which is all good. But they get so fat. They lose their passion for physique or just become to a point where they hate their bodies. You want to stop well before that. You want to stop your muscle gain phase when you're like, all right, I'm a little pudgy. And this is the furthest I go. That's totally fine. That's the end of the row. Number seven, you get platos and lifting performance on anti-gravity exercises in which you have to support your load against gravity as well as do the thing. Dead lifts, squats, bent rows, why? Because usually your lungs will give out, where your lower back will give out because you're a fat out of shape, piece of shit. And you get way way too fast, neither too fat and your body can't do that stuff anymore. This is a big one. If you're training performance is starting to suffer, you are too fat. You are overbought. You got their way too quick. You need to slow down how fast you get there or recycle back to get more fat off of your body. In your quest for bulking, you are not trying to get on a my 600 pound life TV show. You are always in everywhere a performance athlete, you're a bodybuilder, a power of your strongman, your recreational trainee who goes to the fucking gym into Claire's war on shit. You are not a person who is a, yeah, I would have done more, but my lower back, what are you looking to kind of fucking accountant as your first aid to gym? What are you talking about? It's your two out of shape to train, but the reason you got out of shape is because you're bulking to make your training better doesn't add up. You went too far and it's time to come back. Number eight, on average, if you've been bulking longer than 16 weeks at a time, all of these things are just a highly likelihood or higher likelihood of happening. So if you've been bulking for four weeks at a reasonable rate, half a percent a week or a quarter of anywhere between a quarter of a percent, if you're bodyweight added, to half a percent a week. So if you're a 200 pounds, anywhere between, you know, half a pound all the way up to a pound per week of petition gained. If you've been doing that for like four weeks of gaining, and you like some of these are like, yeah, number six man, I don't feel like my physique is great. I've got to cut it back, shut up. You're just being fucking weird. You have like whatever body dysmorphia, and you need to not up and just fucking stick to the masses. The only way you build muscle is long extended periods of surplus. You're not going to four weeks at a time, it's going to be a bad way to do the thing. You're just freaking out for no reason. But if you've been bulking longer than 16 weeks, you know, for sure you've at least been doing it long enough at that minimum end. And then if all these other points are coming up, well, okay. Yeah, I probably have been bulking for too long because I know at least of gone 16 weeks. If you've gone four weeks and you think you've got these things, maybe there's something there, but maybe you're just losing your fucking mind. Lastly, because you're on such poor shape and because you've been bulking and training hard for 16 or 20 or 24 weeks straight, your body's training systems are so desensitized to hypertrophy that now you're doing tons of work and you're eating well, but you're perceived pumps, you're tension in the target muscle, the mind muscle connection, general, the burn, it just all feels blah and like you're burned out of training. The critical element to continuing to bulk is the training itself is of a high quality. If a training itself is fucking great and your body looks and performs normally, you can continue to bulk. But if you are so tired of hard training or reach that you cannot continue anymore with high quality training, why would you want to use low quality training and bulk off of that unless it was to make your life more difficult for no reason and also just get fatter because if the training is low quality, the amount of stimulus for hypertrophy it pushes in is less. But if the total calories coming in are still the same, the fraction of muscle, the declines, the fraction of fat built, grows. You know what that sort of thing? You don't want to have to answer the question of like, hey, how's your mask going? Again, man, shitty buck and training lately, but at least I'm getting fatter since okay, what did I hear that right? You don't want to be that person. So if your training is going like shit, and all the other things are going off, it's time to peel it back, which means you fix it, which asks the question of how and it's really quite simple. First, my big recommendation is to take an active rest phase after for about two weeks. Hey, if you need longer, you can take a four week low volume phase where you trade at one third of the volume you normally do. Either way, you line it up. At the end of that process, whether it's two weeks or four, you have to take your training fatigue and drop it super low because you need to train hard for this next phase that's coming up. And you can't just transition to completely beat to shit on a muscle game phase transition to a fat loss phase where you get rid of the fat, but you're still beat to shit. We need to cool off. Is taking an active rest when you're fat fun? No, because then at the end of two weeks, you're in a gas station and someone's like, hey, you ever think of training and you're like, yes, I train. When is the last time you train? You're like, two weeks ago. I'm like, oh, so you quit. Like, no, fuck, they're, whoa, looks like you don't train. You're like, I don't have time to tell I don't train. That's why I'm doing this act of rest so that I can get rid of the fatigue that I can get a fat loss diet going so that I can look like I train. So that I can look like I train. So that I come back in this gas station and throw when I'm fucking patty is off that roller shit right near face, motherfucker. And they're like, oh, oh, wow, you're really jacked. You're like, success. That's what you want. So you have to take a step back before you take a forward. You can try doing this in another way where you're super fatigued on training and just keep training through a cut. It will lead to not good things. You will get too fatigued. You hit hurt. Your muscles get smaller, all the other bad stuff. So once you are have reduced with a two to four week low volume phase, all of your training fatigue, the next thing is you take eight to 12 weeks and go into fat loss mode, fat loss dieting. Now I'm not saying mini cut. Why mini cut is not for when you are excessively overbalked. Mini cut is when you've had a good string of bulking, but the sensitivity is getting a little low, then you shed some weight, resensitize and go again. This is when you've just had enough bulking, no bulking for the foreseeable future because you're really way too fat, really not hungry enough. It's nothing a mini cut can solve. So think of it this way. A mini cut's like a weekend, and this thing we're doing now, the real cut is like a two week vacation. One of the simply refreshes you at a much deeper level. Eight to 12 weeks in a fat loss phase, that could be enough to where you're lean enough. In some sense, it's enough to where like yes, I'm hungry again. I'm excited about training again. My pumps are fucking awesome again. As soon as I get these carbs in it's great, at the end of that fat loss phase, you may be take two weeks of active rest again or just get right back into bulking. You'll be good for a while. Could be though, after that eight to 12 weeks of fat loss, you check to see if you're hungry and excited to mass again. And if you look good again, and you're like, honestly, no, no, no, no worries. Take four weeks of maintenance training and maintenance eating to really bring down the fatigue, even just in two week active rest can work. And then another eight to 12 weeks of fat loss dieting towards the end of that second phase, and maybe I'll take a third and maybe I'll take a fourth unlikely. One or two of those eight to 12 week phases will drop you down by she's five to 10 percent body fat. You're going to feel leaner. You're going to feel excited to eat again. You're going to feel excited to bulk again. You'll be an amazing cardio shape. And then you can start your next bulk butt. In order to minimize the chance that you get yourself overboxed again, please follow a couple of suggestions from me. I've done this all wrong. A bunch. I've also done it right. Let me share with you what I think is in the right way. A slower gain rate is probably better. I used to say fast gain rates were great. I was wrong. On the margins, of course. There are some people to gain. It really oddball super low rates like 1% per year. That's impossible to measure. It's impossible to do. But I would say half a percent of your body weight per week is a great slow gain rate. That means if you diet for 12 weeks, if you muscle gain phase bulk for 12 weeks, you might gain like six pounds. That's nothing. But if three or four of those are muscle, hey, that's fucking money in the bank. Then you can do a mini cut. Take care of all that three or four pounds of fat in a problem. Restart with zero added fat and just go up again. Up again and up again. And that slow gain will allow your new train partition to be excellent. It'll allow for you to eat healthier. It'll allow for you to gain weight seamlessly without any frustration. It'll allow you to do this without overheating and sure as hell, you will stay in amazing shape. And never get out of shape with a lower back, we'll get pumped, casual get pumped. You start throwing up from squats from sets of five. That does not have to happen because you're going up slow. So it's a slower is better. Especially if you're in a situation where you've overblocked before, try the slower approach. If needed, try more mini cuts. After eight weeks, you're feeling a little sluggish, mini cut for four. After another eight weeks, mini cut for four or six. After another eight weeks, maintenance, active rest, long cut restart the process. You don't have to bulk for 32 weeks straight with a constant surplus to gain muscle. If you do it for as little as eight weeks straight, you get a ton of muscle, mini cut won't touch your muscle. It'll burn off all the fat you gain and you just restart and re-go. That doesn't mean you need to me, mini cut every two or three weeks. That's insanity. But every eight weeks, every 12 weeks, you're fucking good to go. You don't need to go half a year or a whole year straight bulky. People sometimes do this to themselves. I don't really know why, maybe in psychological, but gamma and I'm going to do a bulk just the next 12 months, bro. Like, really, you expect to train hard for 12 months without a break? So, no, I'll take breaks with them. You're going to mess through those breaks. Well, no, I'll eat it, maintenance. So, then it's not a bulk that last, fucking 12 months. You're a fucking liar. We said that wrong at very, very best. So, definitely give that some shot. Give that some thought. More mini cuts. You don't need to just bulk forever. And if you are close to a bodyweight goal, but your body is really fatigued. The training is starting to really break you down. Just cut the goal short. Take some active rest. Take it easy. Come back and hit that goal. For example, I've seen guys get up to 197 pounds. And when they get up to 97, they're already, they're training as dog shit. There is such a crazy high-fiddle state. They can barely put the food down. They're sleep as total shit. It's a shitty environment for muscle gain. And they go fuck man. I'm so close to 200. Anyway, we are in order to cap real. Let me just touch 300 real quick. Sorry, 300, 200. Let me just get to 200. And they stuff their face and stuff their face and stuff their face for the last two weeks. While training is total dog shit. So, they had a fuckload of body fat that last three weeks. Barely any muscle at all if any. And then it's like, hey, would you do in the last three weeks? Like, well, I got to 200 pounds, bro. And they're like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, how to go. But it's awful. I got only fat. Guys, if you want to get fat, anyway, is reasonable to get to people on my 600 pound life TV show, get to 600 in fucking pounds. Just eat only fast food and desserts. You will get as fat as you like. You're not trying to do that. If you're at 197, your training has been amazing. You've got all the way from 185 to 197 over a period of multiple weeks. And at 197, you thought I can't be going to get to 200. Your start in a really experienced high training fatigue. Your start in a really have trouble with eating. Not in a way that you can fix. Just cut it off. Take another week, train hard finish up. You finish up. When 97, when 98, you do a mini cut, back down to the, you know, low one 90s. They got a fuck. But I fuck what 200's arbitrary. Remember the pound is an arbitrary unit of measure. It just happens to be a stand. So just get what your body can get out, cut and run, reconstitute, come back. These artificial goals of 200 to 25 to 50. I've made them myself. I told myself that I was going to get to drug free 270. And I sure did. But I was fat as fucking. I'm still dealing with that excess skin now. And I, all that bad times I had. So make sure you gain on the slower end when you start regaining after all these foul loss phases. Fix your massing problem. Make sure you use many cuts and tell you if you need to. You don't have to mass for a year straight. And make sure that when it gets time that your body is really starting to break down and you can't hold it any more. Don't try to meet arbitrary. Another three and other five and other 10 pounds of weight gain in this phase because that is kind of a goal to know where. You know, it's just, you know, it's it's, it's, it's giving another super quick analogy. It's like, if you're a military, it's your command, you general, with military. And it's about to run through a city that's pretty heavily defended. The idea isn't that you just run through and take the city. But that's nice. That's the goal. Yes. But the implied goal is you take the city with still most of your military hardware and your best combat troops intact to once you have that city you secure it, you go on and take the rest of the country. And if you're like, hey, like we can take the city, but it's going to cost us half our military. We can rethink the shit, right? Which is what Vladimir Putin did after he couldn't take Kiev. But he never taken that shit because these are pieces of shit. Come back dictator. Sorry. Sorry. I went a little political. I'll see you Russian trolls in the troll farms in the comments. See you next time.