Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization, our training modality video for today is about supersets. He doesn't that sound super? Anyway, what the hell are supersets? They're actually two types of supersets. We're only talking about one here. There is a type of superset called an antagonist muscle superset, or an unrelated muscle superset, where you do muscles, one set for a group of muscles, and then you're next superset, with no rest between, is for an intentionally un-involved set of muscles. For example, you do your chest and triceps with clustered bench, and then immediately you go into inverted rows, and you do your back and biceps with rows. That's a superset, yes, but it's not the time we're talking about here. Those are antagonistic, or unrelated supersets. They're designed to maximize how much total work you get in a minimum time in the gym. They're not ideal for hypertrophy because if you do clustered work, and then you do right after your back work, a lot of times especially if you're bigger and stronger, if you don't rest between sets, the systemic fatigue is so massive. It prevents you from doing a lot of good work on whatever that second set is, that second exercise, and then maybe it's not ideal. Great time, save versus a lot of you can still use it, but since this is a really advanced hypertrophy stuff, we're only talking about today, agonist supersets. That is, you do an isolation movement for the target muscle. Let's say skull crushers were triceps, and then right after you do a movement that is compound, but is still limited by the triceps. Something like an overhead dumbbell press or something like that. So skull crushers put the bar down, get up, overhead dumbbell press. Okay, that way your triceps get a decent stimulus in that first exercise, but then when they are already fatigued close to failure, they are the limiting factor, you do a compound exercise, you used to be that overhead dumbbell presses are for front delts, good stimulus, and triceps, great stimulus. But now because your triceps enter that exercise is almost dead, and your front delts enter completely fresh, more or less, every single of the five to ten reps you'll grind out of those dumbbell presses will be your triceps are close to failure, close to failure, and we know from tons of research and theory that if we train very close to failure, more that magnifies the stimulus a ton. It essentially lets us, these agonist supersets, take a muscle, and train it with an isolation and a compound, but the effect is like double the isolation. Really awesome way to use compounds to extra train that muscle that we want. So what you do is set for whatever isolation muscles you want, and then with no rest generally or as long as it takes triceps to just an exercises, do a compound exercise in which that muscle is involved in this way, way, way ideally the limiting factor. What are the upsides to train? So of course after words, so you see some skull crushers, dumbbell press, rest, and normal amount of time, and then hit it again. Skull crushers, no rest, dumbbell press, rest normal, and then go again. Here are the upsides. First of all, you can get an amazing stimulus, especially for muscles that generally have compound exercises that can train them really well, and maybe don't respond as much to isolation movement. So for example, if you do lying or seated hamstring curls very well on a good machine, that hits the hamstrings even though it's isolation so well. Well, fuck, you don't need any supersets. You're not good. Five sets of that shit by itself is going to fry the fuck up. However, some people get into a situation where let's say for triceps, they do push downs till they're blue in the face. But they really like to do his dips because dips fuck their triceps up like crazy. But they also fuck up their chest and their front delts. It's a great all-around pushing exercise, what they can do, especially if they're really strong, is take that not-so ideal. Tricep pushed down and use it not so much to stimulate growth on its own, but to pre-fatig the triceps, so that when you switch to something like dips afterwards, you're trying to get the triceps by far the limiting factor. They're closer to failure the entire time and then they get most of the efforts. Think your pecs will eventually turn on to try to help you do as many dips as possible. But they only get to be active for a few seconds until you fail completely, your triceps are close to failure that entire time, which is a really, really big deal. Because supersets, well, eliminate a whole thing of rest, they can actually save you some time. You do lots of them to pound the volume, so it's not a specific time saver, but it's certainly less time than doing all the straightsets and then doing all the compounds that's later. On that second movement, on that compound movement, supersets can allow you to have an unbelievable mind muscle connection. For example, if you're using dips and you feel the tricep pretty well, but you'd really like more out of your dips, pre-existing a triceps with something like push downs can, as soon as you start getting dips you go, holy shit, I feel only my triceps, which can be a really awesome thing if my muscle connection is a problem for you. And lastly, you can use these in a sandwich style, which means what? You do compound heavy work for that muscle. So for example, let's say weighted dips or heavy score crushers for triceps, check. Then, because the compound heavy work is done in the fast rush fibers are fatigued, we need to pound in the rest of the work, then you can go to push downs, superset it with something like all flat dumbbell press. Push down, superset with flat dumbbell press allows you to get the heavy work in, because the big critique against supersets is if you do the isolation movement first, you kind of pre-exhaust your muscles, and then you're not going to be able to do a compound with much load. If you do a compound first, but as it's so natural size, you check that box. Then a superset after, let's you check both the heavy high tension low rep box and the metabolite super high rep box at the same time, minimal amount of total effort, maximum amount of stimulus. Super such a little shift. They're especially good if a muscle just won't fucking grow, and not only will it not grow, but the isolation movements you're using with it, you do them, and you finish them and you're like, oh, yes, I guess I feel a bit of a pump. I guess I feel some tension, but I'm really not pushing my muscle for limits. If you combine that isolation movement and intelligently use a compound after that still hits that muscle group that you were targeting, you can get way more stimulus, me like, holy fuck, I don't know what I would do if not for these supersets. They are downsides, of course, as with everything. If you can't check the four factor rest boxes before that compound shows up, it's not a good idea. Say, like, okay, well, let's see isolation. If I'm doing lat prayers, I can do a whole set of lat prayers, and then I set a pull downs, and it'll be an awesome superset. Maybe, for some people, lat prayers, huge range of motion for such a large group of muscles, that after you finish a set of lat prayers, you're like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, it doesn't feel like an isolation. It feels like you did some fucking work. If you do pull downs right after, you're just so tired, the set of pull downs is mostly junk volume. So the good thing about isolation supersets is you generally start out with an isolation movement, but if that isolation movement is so hardcore for you, that afterwards, you need to rest a really long time to do the compound at benefit, it's probably not a good idea. So this is not an end, I'll be all. It has to be that the muscle you're targeting generally covers quite quickly and doesn't tax your systemic abilities at all. The cool thing is, is we use supersets precisely four muscles that are struggling to develop and oftentimes those same muscles. It just barely do hardly shit at all, so it doesn't even make you that tired, right? A last set of downsides. This is a very sort of very insightful and insightful, I just patting myself in the back. A little bit more of a thoughtful, biomechanics related critique. Research has confirmed that if you pre-exhaust your triceps with isolation and then you do a compound pushing move in which there's really only two degrees of freedom, elbow and shoulder. Okay. Then when ends up happening is if your triceps are really tired, but you're still pushing the bar, your packs are actually called upon more to contract than your triceps are and then up getting a good stimulus. You need even better stimulus than your triceps. A little bit of fug up. We didn't do all those skull crushers to get into the bench and have our chest take over and get the biggest effect. We want our triceps to take over. How the fuck do you do that? Well, if you have only two degrees of freedom, shoulder, elbow, then if you're triceps or a mechanical or like, let's say chemically, we just turn them off like we just dead in the nerve for a while. Just with your packs alone, you can do a close group bench, no problem because the packs bring this joint here and that's actually the only thing going on. Two degrees of freedom means really just one thing happening. It's like an extension and this flexion happening at the same time and either muscle can be taken over and over no problems. If your triceps are too tired, your pack's take over and violates the whole purpose because your triceps aren't even pushing close to failure. Your pack's like, hey, we got this. Triceps are like, sweet, take over. I'm done any way I'm tired from the isolation before, no wait on. We want an extra degree of freedom. So here's the deal. Instead, so you do some push downs, don't go lying down and do close group bench. Try this instead. Try dumbbell press because here's the thing. How the fuck are you supposed to dumbbell press with just your packs? If your triceps are so fucking weak they don't do anything. Watch this. I try to bench only with my packs, ready? My triceps have to turn on to do this. I'll just knock the dumbbells in and guess what? Your triceps are already tired. And now they have to turn on to extend your hands. And because they have to do it, your chest is only playing a supporting role. Now we're back in that ideal version of super sets where your chest is like, hey, I'm going to help you as much as you can triceps to cross the finish line. And the triceps are like, fuck, I added a shit myself. I'm there going to be going super close to failure the entire time and your ability to press those dumbbells will be limited by your triceps. They will be the ones that lead to the failure. They will be the ones that get the most stimulus. Similar idea. Let's say you do leg extensions for your quads and then you go into the leg press. Well, yeah, it can kind of work as a pretty exhaust. However, leg press, again, there's just hip joint knee joint. That's really the only thing that's involved. You can have completely deactivated quads and still do the entire leg pressing motion. No problem. Keep your glutes. So if your quads are tired, your glutes just take over and dick happens and now you have a better glute pump than quad pumping arc fucker thing. I'm doing something wrong. So a better exercise is if you do leg extensions pretty close to failure as the first set in a super set the isolation, what do you do after? I would say a good idea is to get into the squat. Because again, if you only use your glutes in the squat and not your quads, here's your femur. Here's your upper body. You're going to be down here. If you only use your glutes, you're just going to fall backwards. This part here to extend your knee has to be your quads. There's no other way out of it. So if you do a crappler or leg extensions and then you run over to the squat rack or Smith machine or something, you can't possibly just use your glutes. It's impossible. You have to actually use your quads. Then they're limiting factor. Then they get the most better. All right? So give this some thought. If you have any questions, put them in the comments below. If you absolutely love what I'm saying, subscribe. If you really love what I'm saying, just send me money. Please look at how thin I've got. I can't even afford to eat anymore. See you guys next time.