Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Predization, you want to know how to build muscle as fast as possible and I have answers. As a matter of fact, I have 10 tips for you. Now, you may have seen other videos claiming to tell you about how to build muscle as fast as possible. And unfortunately, many of them are lying. They are trying to sew you some magic supplement, some magic formula, some magic approach, some magic diet, all that shit fails. There are precisely two things that can build a lot of muscle very quickly. One is an adherence to proper measured scientific training and diet. And two is copious amounts of potentially insanely hazardous antibiotics steroids. That's it. Since this is not a steroid video, we have those on the channel. If you're curious to Google them, let's talk about how to train for maximum size fast. First, you want to train six times a week. Because six-time a week training allows you to train your body harder and signal more muscle growth than training for or five times a week. You could say, but Dr. Mike, I get great, great gains. You tell me, off of four days a week training, dope, you would get better gains if you train six days a week. Most of the most serious bodybuilders in the world train five or six days a week, sometimes they even do two days with the end up training nine or ten times a week, but six days multiple sessions per day. A lot of training is critical. Remember, this is not a video about how to grow muscle well. It is a video about how to grow the most muscle. You're going to train a lot. Next, each muscle group that you train, you're going to want to train two to four times per week. That means if you're training your biceps, your shoulders, your triceps, your forearms, your calves, they may be done three or four times a week in their own workouts or workouts integrated with other muscle groups. If you're training muscles that take a little bit longer to heal like hamstrings, quads, glutes, chest, sometimes back, you're going to be training them two or three times a week. Every time they are not sore and not tired, you train them again and you design your program appropriately. If you think training six days a week means you train legs once and back once and chest once and shoulders once, you've got another thing coming multiple time a week training. It's a lot of training. When you're actually in the training, every single set, you train at least to three reps in the tank. When the bar starts to slow down and really fight you, at least that hard. If I watch you do a set at the gym and you're in and I rack, if that's a work set, that's not a fucking work set. That's a warm up. At least three reps and reserve and really at most, if I'm saying that properly and potentially all the way to failure and beyond, that doesn't mean you have to go to failure and beyond to get your best growth, but it should be hard. The bar should notably slow down and fight you at the end of every single set and then you know you're working hard enough. And doing usually four to ten sets per muscle group per workout. That means let's say it's six sets. When I train biceps Monday, six sets of biceps. Wednesday, six sets of biceps. Friday, I have more time to heal after. I do eight sets of biceps. That's a lot of bicep work. But you want to the fastest growth, remember? Now you're getting it. Every time you come into the gym, every week, you add a little bit of load, teach exercise and you try to hit the same number of reps or you add a repetition to each exercise and you hit the same load for a slightly higher number of reps. So you start at squatting for sets of ten, then it's eleven, next week it's twelve, then it's thirteen, then it's fourteen, then you're probably d-load and recover. Or you start at squatting with a hundred pounds, then it's one or two point five, then it's one or five, one or seven, five, one, ten, etc. Progress is critical to your best gains. You don't just go in there and train hard, you train hard, progressively, and of course with excellent technique. Next, when you're unable to add reps or add load when your performance crests and starts to fall back because you're too fatigued after four to eight weeks of consistent training like this, probably closer to four if you're really doing six days a week hard, you're going to want to take a d-load week. That's a week or you just take completely off of training or you come in and train like twice, really easy. Just a few sets of five to ten, really far from failure, get the blood and the muscles recover, go home, eat a bunch of food, sleep a bunch, relax, really get pissed, get really ready, and then you'll have another hard month of training ahead. You can't consistently train this hard that I'm describing without taking d-load weeks every 40-eight weeks. By the way, the RP-high-perchofy app link in the description programs all of this for you in advance. Next, on the nutrition side, you want to make sure that you're eating about a gram of protein per pound of bodyweight per day. So if you weigh 150 pounds, that's 150 grams of protein. You can eat more than that but no more is beneficial. Less than that, probably on-wise, you want plenty of protein. Next, you want to spread your protein and the rest of your food into four to five evenly spaced meals, roughly evenly spaced meals throughout the day. That means you wake up, you don't just walk around or you're intermittent fasting. You wake up within 30 minutes, you eat breakfast. And equivalent amount of protein through meals is super, super important. So if you 160 grams of protein per day and you have four meals that you eat, each meal has 40 grams of protein or they're about. You eat breakfast, you eat lunch, you train, you eat dinner, you relax a bit, you have a midnight snack, you go to sleep. Consistency is the key for growth. If you want to get huge, you need like one or two meals a day, the shenanet happening. Sure, shit, not as fast as it could be. Next, point number eight, you want to eat at a surplus. The thing about getting big is that it requires you to add size. The only way you can add size is if you eat more calories than you burn. If you eat thousand more calories than you burn, you're going to get really fat. Very fast. If you eat a hundred more calories than you burn, no one's going to notice that you're gaining anything. But somewhere between 250 extra daily calories and 500 extra daily calories, which reflects gaining roughly half a pound to a pound per week for 12 to 60 weeks at end, that's going to add some *** size. If you don't do that, you will not get as big as you could have got. Point number nine, enough sleep every night. I know too many people that are doing all the right stuff except they don't get enough sleep. They have an exciting life. They do lots of cocaine, fuck if I know why they're not sleepy. Disco wall, dancing all night long. Sleep is when you do a huge fraction of your growth. It's when you do a huge fraction of your deep systemic recovery that allows you to train hard and benefit from nutrients. If you're chronically underslapt, even for a few nights in a row, every time you eat more food, much more of it turns to fat and much less of it is ported into muscle than you would expect if you were well-select. Sleep is critical and it sounds lame, but it's true. How many hours an night do you need? That is a question for you to answer what keeps you well-rested throughout the day. Could be seven hours, could be nine hours, could be anything in between. Usually it's about eight. Lot of individual differences there, so make sure you're well-rested. Lastly, all of the points I gave are nothing without consistency. If some weeks you do some of these okay other weeks you're really kind of bad, you're not going to gain the maxo amount of muscle. Consistency is king applying these techniques that I just taught you. Consistency, day in day out, share you'll have some bad days some good days, keep it up. Week in week out, month in, month out. Three or four months of this sort of program that I'm describing, you will get much bigger. You'll get as big about as you can, because this is really leveraging everything we know that for sure gains size all in the same apparatus. If you'd like help in the description, we have a download from the RPi Perchrophy app. It will organize your training exactly like this. We have to tell it you want to train six days a week and you have to make sure you're going hard to use a good technique and a lot of the stuff that it will plan the rest of your progression for you and tell you literally set number two, week number three. I want you to do this much weight for this many reps and that's exactly how many reps you need to grow your most. If you need help on the diet front, the RPi coach app is also something you can download and it will plan a diet for you. Just choose your surplus amount, choose how many weeks you're doing it and it's going to display all the meals you need to eat. You pick your favorite foods. It tells you when to eat and voila you're putting on size. Do you have to download our apps to do this? No, absolutely not. You can do it on your own and ton of people are successful. So, apps are not. Make sure to implement this knowledge. Be serious about it. Be consistent and don't fall for BS. At one new type of creed team, what about four straps that all makes almost no difference. It's the core basics you have to hit. Hit these 10 basics. See you next time when you're way bigger.