I'm gonna work as this bullshit. I'm trying to get it up. I'm trying to get it up. We'll take some by-adrows or something. I need to see how it's turned. Alright, get the f*** out of here. You're done. Hey folks, I'm actually my favorite franta sounds periodization. Let me tell you a story. A second walk. Started short walk. It was going to be short walk. We turned it in a long walk. I ended up walking to Toronto, Canada, which is how they say it up there. If you know the accent, you know the accent. Or I have just had shitty accent and personal abilities. I was walking down the street, just exploring Toronto, and Omar Isufe. It was just there. I was like, what's up? Omar, he's like, not much. Just kind of thinking of showing up to your house and doing all training. And a little collateral, a little chatting while you do your deal of work. I was like, you know what Omar? Let's get into my gold-laden private four-rotor helicopter, which follows me everywhere I go. And fly over to Detroit and get this f***in' more work out in the lab. And Omar was like, oh, yeah, okay, fine. And then so here he is. So we want the f*** together. We want all the way back to Detroit, Michigan. Good general warm up. The helicopter followed us. Yeah, yeah. Omar is in his classic, what I would describe as some combination of American kickboxer and tiger king outfit. Thank you. And be because I'm a fashion superstar, a fishin' auto. You can see I'm in my autism shoes, he said the shoe lace is it. What's your crox? Somewhere else. That I honestly don't even know if this is the real mic. It could not be. I've met you a few times and it always was a crox. And you know what Omar people actually sometimes wear different shoes. I can't accept that. I can't accept change. It's a matter of fact, I refuse to accept that. And makes me uncomfortable. But also I'll say, that's why when you ask, hey, what do you want to train? You know, you train very effectively. You're very intelligent. You're going to train legs. We could put you through the ringer. And I said, let's do something that's never been done before. Yeah. A D load workout. Let's go real hard for her. So we're here mostly from the ban chart. But maybe a couple cool tech neat cues. And maybe we'll push you a little harder than we'd push me. Let's do it then. I've never pushed myself that hard. What does that even mean though? Yeah. I know in the SNM space exactly what it means. But in the training space, I'm not so sure. Or so interested in finding out this a matter of fact. No, and I think most people that train a failure is due to it because they are failures. You know, so like today it's like a D load. Yeah. Whatever. You're just like checking the box about what you really are and Be confirming to the world that you're never going to be commenting one by failing in the gym as well as it life. That's what I thought. Let's go do some training. Alright. So I'm actually dealing with my part of my upper body, which means we're going to do a chest exercise, a tricep exercise, a shoulder exercise and then a bicep exercise. I'm only doing two sets of not that many reps pretty far from failure. Just to give them a little bit of a stimulus, help them recover a little bit. And then I have basically more than half a week of almost entirely time off. And then I start my last five week push into my Mach contest and I have a little peak diastuation. That being the case. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That being the case. Oh, the people just need to know that I can do this. I'm prepping. I'm prepping. And when I train chest every single session that I do, which is twice a week, I always put my calves before my chest work. And I know that a formerist name is of any one thing. It's having calves so large that people argue about whether or not they're made of 100% in fall or just 99% in fall. And so Omar, would you like to do calves with me for the first exercise? No. Okay. Let's do calves and then we'll see how you feel afterwards. No. Great. We'll do calves now. We made that tumultuous to be honest walk. It was like how long did it take us from Toronto to Detroit. Days. And I thought that was one giant calf exercise. Think about it. Fifty million or a lot of reps, right? But I'll do this with you. We'll do it. So calf. What I'm going to do first is I'm going to warm my calves up. So I don't even get on the leg press because that's what we'll be using. Yep. I'm just going to sit here for a second on this little leg and do like eight reps. And I'm also practicing the cadence. I'm not sure what you're doing, but you could easily just go after me. Yep. Did you want to do everything even at the same time? I'm just seeing what it feels like. Okay. No. You're doing it wrong. Thank you. Caves or sex. This is sex. This is for play. It is. So, you know, half your foot on, half off. And then tilt your hips as far forward as you can. So you can lock your knees out and pre-structure calves. And then go as low as you can and hold it for about two seconds. Come on. And then don't peak contract. Hold just come right back down. So you hold for a while down there. Pulse up and back down. This is how long did I hold down there? Down there. You hold two seconds. Up there. You hold zero seconds. Yeah. Good. Come down slower. Up quick. Down slow. Wait for it. Up quick down slow. Wait for it. Up quick down slow. I'm like a child. You need to explain everything. I can see them. You're good. That's good. Good enough warm up. And then we can hop on the leg press to do your leg press calves. Okay. So we go right to three points. Yes. This is preloaded. Yeah. Yeah. Now I would typically have been doing four plates. But since the load I'm going to take a little easy. Yep. And I've actually had a big revelation with calves. So my little wolf, Dr. Milo Wolff, who has been pioneering research and thinking about how much does the loaded stretch matter. And it seems like a lot. And so I took that insight and I changed my calf training recently from emphasizing the peak contraction and full range of motion. And I'm going to do a nail-in peak contraction where I'm like, eh, I just push a little bit. But they spend most of the time in that deep stretch position. I'll tell you this. My son has been fucking outlandish in my calves. My growth has been like better than it's ever been. So I'm loving it. So that technique that I'll illustrate here is precisely to emphasize that deep stretch. And not the peak contraction. So I've never done this before. Go right to three. Correct. I mean, I'll follow you. You tell me I'm going to be reps. I'm more I can show you the world. Shining, shimmering, splendor. I was hoping you're going to start singing. And I like that was that. I want a rendition. I want to be serinated. Fully extended knees. Yep. Sit in the bottom position for three whole seconds. Yep. Pulse up and then slowly centric back down. Control the descent. Yes. Sit long grip the bottom. Ah! Oh, it was fake. Stop holding the peak contraction. God damn it. Look, I'm not being serinated. It's like going to have a burst. It's doing right. There you go. Yeah. Hold the stretch. Yep. Well, the calves will be sore. Guarantee tomorrow. Let's go do chest. Yeah. 100%. So we're just going to do some chest presses. I'm going to do one more mupset and then that two works. That's eight RIR. Some shit like that. What I want to do here because I'm deluding is focus on quality of the movement pattern. Good technique. But also a lot of really good stretch and full range of motion because I feel like. I feel like it's not accurate. No from the literature and physical mechanisms involved that. A focus on the eccentric in a deep stretch actually promotes a slightly rehab Relative vector for muscle and joints. So it actually heals you up. Joint wise a little better than if you cut the wrong. So a nice deep stretch is super awesome specifically for deluding because it promotes a little bit more joint recovery than normally. How do you program your deal then? Like what does it look like? Why do you do it in particular? Why do you find it beneficial? The function of a deal load is to do two things. Primarily it's to drop fatigue. Yep. And secondly it is to maintain as much fitness as possible while fatigue is being dropped. So to me, delude should be executed roughly when you're no longer able to make Consistent mini PRs in your lifts because you've got too much fatigue interfering. You can no longer adequately present them a robust overload and training. It's like if you're the analogy is terrible one, but if you're banging. And like her vagina hurts and your dick hurts and no one's having any more fun. Like it's time not to bang anymore. Like it's time to go get some OJ, a sandwich watch that couple of sitcoms and then And if hydration's really important. Yep. Perfect. Good enough. Yep. Any mic or new more? Yeah. We should title this video world's toughest training. Yeah. That's the title. The thumbnail is total war and just like our, and that's just my head and a nuclear explosion. I'm down. So it's been shown a few times that easy, super easy training in most contexts helps you recover More than no training at all. Especially if it's like a week of off. It's actually you'll recover faster in most cases not all with just a little bit of training. When I say a little bit, my de-loads are typically half the reps, half the load and half the sets like normal. So this is where you're witnessing today. When the thing that matched you of the de-loads, I said, Mike, we're gonna need some crazy, some of them never seen before. Because they think they want to see people going to 10 training really hard. But this is like chicken noodle soup. Yeah. This session. Good slow. Two second pause between your cusses sky high. Yes. Yes. Yes. Go mother fucker. Hell yes. And then slow. Dig chest. And rack. Good start. Good time. Dip time. Dips. I just barely use no almost no way to get a good stretch. She used like 30% of my muscle power and the rest for my legs. And as I do more reps, I let my arms take over more. Like it looks like a weird hop, but then at some point. I can do reps. Yep. That feels nice. So that's your warm up. Correct. Very good. I love that you're pausing at the bottom. So that's right. That's the rule. That's the rule. Like in position. It's fun, fun, fun. Do you see Lotus stretch? I said, loaded stretch. Like loaded. If I, you were. Oh yeah, I have a job of it. Yeah. Not that father. So what's your like explained to me body building a tire. Because I'm still trying to get the pattern down. Oh God. How many layers? Yeah. When do you take layers off? When do you do the first time? Yeah. What do you feel when you take it? How many times do you like self-flage relation later? Totally. Totally. So I wouldn't know much about bodybuilding a tire. Because bodybuilding a tire truly to be representative is stringer tank. Hold up. Stringer hoodie on top of that. Yeah. That on top of that. Yeah. That on top of that. You're an Arnold classic jacket. Right. And then on top of that. Two layers of hoodie. Big ass headphone. Now the lower body there's jorts or an option. You can do like a young lot pants children like those nowadays. And you were preferably wearing shoes that are like one of those high top like the favorite like you know the rave or kid shoes that like that. I'm almost way more. But Mike said yeah. Way more colors. Oh. And they're really big. Sure. And then so you show up to the gym like that. And I think you take off the jacket kind of right away. Yeah. But then with every work set or even exercises you get more pump delicious. You take off another arm of clothes. I try to dress today like the first dude to get his ass kicked. Now fast on aspiration I can get there. Mike, let me teach you something you probably never heard about. There's no solutions. It's only trade off. Thanks Tom. Yeah. Mr. Mr. Doctor. We're more cordial. I see. Yeah. Doctors for the bedroom. Oh my. That's the authority that. Yeah. Shoulders. Yeah. Well, I want you to be a third. I'm tired. I've tried to seduce you within UNDOS for two fucking hours now. Let's go. Let's go. I'm going to the bedroom. I'm telling you. You know about that. The kids don't have to. But at some point, bro. Like it's literally no members. No fat no member. Like don't you know what's up? No. All right. This is going to be me. Folks on the internet. Yeah. When you catch a mean, it's relevant at the time. Please understand. It is almost certain you're the 900 millionth person to use that. But it is no longer funny. It's just annoying. Yeah. So when you say after me posting a pic of me shirtless, I know about number two. Dr. Mike, you ruined my no fat no member. Street no mother fuck. There is no street. No fat no members. Not a thing anymore. What are you beating off? You beat off earlier today. Yeah. And also nobody does no fat no member. And it was like a totally random, how, how funny thing in 2009. It's over. It's over. I will say I experienced something similar. But just like with cap jokes. So what? Like I started in 2012. But 2013, I was like pretty good. But the jokes will persist. Yep. The people still using Omar cath jokes. Oh, like somewhat. Like I mean, it's kind of like, I guess it's supposed to be a recognition that like, hey, like I know your stuff. Like this is a reference that shows that I know your stuff. But I appreciate it all the same. But you know after Mike, I'm sure we're saying about no fat. And you posting photos yourself after the 10,000th time. You're like, I might be good. I might be good. Omar tried grab at the end of the handles. Like, you're better range of motion. Yeah. And then just try to pause at the top for a moment, just above parallel. And then slowly control the eccentric on the way down. Mike, she's in good weight on this. I think you've your respect. Omar, what was this bullshit? I'm trying to get it up. I'm trying to get it up. I'm trying to get it up. Well, take some bi-aggress or something. I need to see how it's going to invade. Where's coming? All right. Get the fuck out of here. You're done. You're cut off from jail. Cut off the food or extra stuff. You're cut off from jail. Yeah. By, sirs. So, it's a technique on this one. Keep it chest upright for nice little stretch at the bottom. We'll pause down there. Come up. We'll pause. Just control. No, it's just like this. You can rotate if you'd like. Yeah. Omar, pretend that you're Picasso. And this is a world of pink. Upstit. Don't lean over. Lean back. Even more, Omar. Chast up and lean back. So you get a big stretch down there. Yeah. There we go. No. No easy days today, sir. Do you need a compete to find fulfillment in bot for the mic? I've already done that. So what is the act of competing that creates another layer for you? Let's say. I want to get it right. I want to peak properly and show my best possible physique on stage. I haven't done that yet. I came close one time. When? Uh, 2000 and 21. Was that the last one? No, the time before that. So you did 22? Like? 223, I did again. I'm sock. Well, I overtrained. So you just want to be able to leave your mark or within yourself to be like, I'm satisfied with the effort that I put in over X number of years and this is me. A culmination. Yeah. I'm all ears. I can do it. And, you know, if I get like a master's bro card, I wouldn't fucking hate that either. Yeah. Mostly the reason I'm going to be by the door and competition is like a built up pretty cool physique. And I want to show it off and have other people formally recognize like, oh, he's a very muscular lean man and maybe I'll buy his RP. I have a picture of the F. That was fun, right? Yeah. Let us know what you think in the comments below. If you want subscribe, sorry, it was nice having you to see that stuff.