The big mistake that so many people make in these natter-you're not debates especially in the comments is in assuming that likely not natural is the same thing as definitely not natural and it's absolutely not. If someone is lean and has a fat free mass index of 25 or over, it's more likely there on gear than not fact. But people stumble when they say that someone of 25 plus FFMI is definitely not nanny, definitely not nanny. Because elite genetics people absolutely exist, don't say definitely. You can say probably. And that's probably true, but definitely is such a huge difference. A real clown show moment if you go back for it. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. Let's talk about two things. First, how big can you get drug free and second, what's the recent crazy fitness industry controversy that's not so recent because we got on it a little bit late. But we wanted to see how things pan out. What's panning out, Dr. Mike? I'm glad you asked so. Little while back, Scott, what a few months ago now for time traveling back and forth. We'll try to get this out sooner. Yeah, weeks, the months, from back in the day, Mr. Jeff Nippard released a video, which was incredible. And it was titled How to Look and Hands Without Steroids. What he did in the video is he profiled a few folks that have way more muscle and average, having credible muscle shape are very lean, but testing direct blood work shows that they are at least at the time of filming, drug free, very likely to be drug free. Highly recommended, incredible video you're going to learn a ton as always with Jeff Nippard's videos. And then the controversy. Why controversy a lot of the comments folks in Jeff's first video? Got really upset. Mostly because of their incredulity about the claim that he's actually being nanny. In other words, the people that Jeff Nippard said were drug free in the video, especially the sort of three standout athletes. A lot of folks just couldn't buy it. They weren't going to believe it. And one of the main things that people cited in their comments was that the fat free mass index, roughly how much lean body mass you have divided by your height or per your unit height, was very high for some of these folks. And they're referencing a piece of research, the Cory paper from 1995 that shows that after a 25 on this FFMI fat free mass index scale, anything at 25 or above, as interpreted through this paper is likely to be using drugs. And some people interpret this as a research back nanny max, like anything over 25 of a time and year on drugs is how folks interpret that. And Jeff made a reply to these comments and made another video a controversy reply video. And that video is also amazing. I highly recommend it. Let's talk about a part of that video and the 25 FFMI nanny max. What I have for you right over here next to me right now is a graph directly taken from Jeff's response video. And the video is called addressing the controversy. It's a phenomenal video. Go watch it ASAP because you get a way way deeper understanding, watching that whole video. But it, this graph appears at roughly the 626 minute and second mark. And this graph is incredibly, incredibly illustrative and it's going to help you understand the nanny max situation way better than if you just intellectualized. This graph is a top-down view of all of the fat free mass indices, how much muscle per height, every single participant had in both groups of the 1995 Cory paper. On the left side are people who said they weren't using steroids and on the right side are people who were using steroids. And as you can see, these are basically bell curves as viewed from the top-down. Sort of. The steroid users you can see on the right hand side is definitely bell curve shaped. Just one dude there who has like somewhere under 20 fat free mass index and one dude who has over 31 fat free mass index a couple people clustered close most people in the steroid group had around a 25 plus or minus fat free mass index. And so that shape, big bulge in the middle, eh, Scott, big bulge. And the tails winnewing out towards the ends is what you expect the large sample sizes to generate when a distribution is or a sample sizes normally distributed, which means the classic bell curve. That's what we expect from standard biological measurements on any complex trait including muscle mass when you are not drug free. But look at the graph for non-users for the people that were ostensibly drug free. There's something strange about it. The bottom of the graph looks fine. Most of the people are clustered around oh something like, you know, 21 or so fat free mass index and just a few people down below. But what the is going on at 25? Do you guys notice that part in the graph and maybe we can circle it or something with a red circle that part in the graph is missing. It cuts off completely. That is not a normally shaped distribution, which begs a question of, is this really the description of how nanny max works? Is it that as soon as human beings get up to 25, fat free mass index? It is somehow physiologically impossible to go above it and only with steroids can you do so. I don't think that's the case. We have incredibly good reason to believe that natural muscle size is very normally distributed. We've seen this every other piece of data we've collected for natural muscle size with way higher samples. We know that complex biological variables are almost always normally distributed especially in huge populations. And so we can infer with very high confidence that fat free mass indices of over 25 or first simply not represented in a sample by chance. I mean, there's a few dozen folks and when you have a few dozen folks you're trying to infer what the population distribution looks like of millions of folks. A few dozen just by random chance the distribution can look not really normally distributed. But that's by random chance. That doesn't mean anything super magical is going on. For example, if you were trying to find how fast humans can run and you know that the world champion runs it, let's say 27 miles an hour and you just want to a random high school. But it turned out is randomly like a tech and science high school. The fastest person of the high school may be running 19 miles an hour or something. You know, like, oh my god, there's no way a human could run 27 but it turns out you missed all the variance because you went to the wrong place by random chance. Hey, you got 150 people in your sample but it didn't paint the whole picture. So that's a huge concern. Off of one, not so huge sample sized study, we absolutely can't go and say there's no way anyone can be above 25 of them from my. That's a big deal. And here's another thing. Another concern for why we should be skeptical the 25 is the FFMI Max. It has been my personal experience and maybe you guys in the comments can show me if that's been your experience or not. And Scott, I wonder what you think about this too. What I have seen decades into this sport, into bodybuilding and fitness industry as this, a large fraction of the most talented people in muscle growth, the people with the best muscle growth natural genetics end up getting so good at bodybuilding and powerlifting at physique sport that a huge fraction of them transition into not nanny before they reach their nanny prime. Scott, have you ever seen that before? A lot of the people with really good genetics after about 5 or 10 years of training they're like, well, I'm like going to win stuff so they take steroids because that's 10 times more popular than nanny. Like, they see the writing on the wall. They see the writing on the wall. He's no natural, I FBB. There is no natural, Mr. Olympia. There's, you know, I NBF and WBF and all these great federations have their pro worlds but that's like several hundred people go. They don't go to Vegas and fill out tens of thousands of seats. It's just not a thing. And so for that reason, and if you look back at the graphs you can see like, well, then the nanny people, they're like really normally distributed but there's this nanny cutoff of 25. My suspicion is part of the reason that is just poor sampling because of just a low sample number. But the other part is a lot of those people who are steroid users were just pretty recently in the non-user camp and when they got up to 25ish FFMI, which is a really jacked for nanny, not the maximum but really jacked. They were like, well, time to go to the next level and use drugs. That's what I did. That's what a ton of my friends did. That's what a lot of people in the studio. It doesn't explain everything, but it does tell us that like, yeah, there might not be anything crazy magical happening at 25 FFMI. Other than right around there is when most people love the genetics to get to 25 go, well, shit, if I got this big drug free, I might as well go for the moon and get on drugs do all that other crazy stuff. So those two things together tell me that almost certainly over 25 FFMI is possible, drug free. In fact, that's not just a speculation because we have direct research on sumo wrestlers and on football players, American football players that have multiple damn near confirmed natties. And I mean, many, many, many, many examples of people who are almost certainly drug free that have fat free mass indices of over 25. You can look up this research anytime. Go to chatGBT or go to Gemini or any AI and be like, hey, is it true that some sumo's and football players have been spotted in a literature to have FFMI's over 25? It's going to cite the actual studies for you. You can click through them and see it for yourself. So the fact that a 25 of my is possible drug free is actually itself literature confirmed. It doesn't just require the inference we did. But with inference, plus literature, we can be like, almost 100% sure, very close that people do exist with 25 plus fat free mass indices, completely drug free. And here's the real kicker. People got really upset about this, but the fact is that a lot of the folks in Jeff's videos had a 25 or plus FMI drug free that does not mean they were secretly on drugs. In fact, they were probably drug free. But here's where Scott were around the controversy. The second controversy breaks up. One of the gentleman profile has an incredible physique. His name is Hussein Fatthatt. I'm trying to do my Arabic pronunciation, which is really bastardized Russian because I'm actually Russian. So Hussein Fatthatt is an outstanding example of a wonderful physique. And makes one hell of a shocker because he does not look drug free in the conventional understanding. I've trained with him. I've trained him. Jared and I trained him. It's on video. Maybe we'll throw up a clip here. And he's out of this world in real life. Just unreal jack, shoulders and arms and all that cool stuff. Hussein was in the video. It was confirmed. Nadi with blood testing and said he was drug free. Said he's only been training for about three years. All cool, very unlikely, but possible, which he'll get to in a bit. After the video was released, Hussein came out. And said he was actually a fake Nadi. If you're still following, that means he said no, I was on drugs and I wasn't actually Nadi. And so the comment section and the controversy video after that turned against the beautiful Elven face of Mr. Jeff Nipperd in his utter perfection. Scott is Jeff Nipperd really handsome or really really handsome? Really really really really really. Really handsome. Oh my god, Jeffrey, how could you? And Jeff took a lot of heat because understandably people were like, dude, you're clowning yourself. You're promoting these people who you're saying, Nadi, but the guy, you admitted that he was on drugs. Until who same came out with a post shortly, thereafter, literally the day after that controversy and revealed he was just joking about being a fake Nadi. And was in fact now work with me here folks. The world's first fake fake Nadi. Scott, you want to step out and smoke a cigarette about all us really quick until we collect our minds about it. Very confused. And so to the confusion point, most people by the time who saying said just kidding, I actually am drug free. I was just playing with y'all off. They'll play too much. Most people in either tuned out by then were just a very confused or very upset. What's my take? I've been around a while. I've been around tons of drug people. I've been around drug free people with exceptional genetics and everything in between. My bet if I had money, I wouldn't bet a lot. Hey, the Judaism will let me bet any money. What do you guys? Crazy? My bets are the stock of the stock market. I think Hussein is likely drug free. Yes, I do. Yes, I actually think that. By the way, if Hussein wasn't drug free, he's documented doing a drug tested show like months ago and crediting Mr. Greg DeSat with all of the success of coaching. I don't suspect he would just come out and say, I cheated at this show. That would be crazy. Hussein's a good guy. I don't think he's going to do that. And so here's the really interesting part that helps me make my point about who's saying really being drug free. And this is a very probabilistic. I think there's an over 50% chance likely that who's saying is drug free. But I'm not saying it's exceedingly likely or very likely or almost certain. It's not 97 to 100%. It's like in that 60 to 70% range in my view. What's a good evidence point to support that? Well, sure. It's not who's saying is look because that boy looked like he took every goddamn drug and then took some more. Who's saying's fat free mass index is just under 23. Scott, isn't that funny that people are like just throwing a huge fit about him being on drugs and he doesn't even make the maddy cut off? Yeah, do this ways around it, bro. Yeah, man, just muscle shape bro. Because you know, muscle shapes somehow is changed by steroids. It's not you guys. How come my muscle shape sucks? I've been on steroids half my life at this point. So that part's not even controversial who seems not even jacked enough to make the nanny not nanny cut off. What he does have and I've seen him in real life is absolutely redontuous arm and delt genetics. And here's where racism's going to come in. You guys, Arabs are gods at body building. Half of Lebanon is a FBB pro. It's got Africa. Where is Big Rami from? Was it like the was it the Polynesia? Was he from Sweden? Big Big Rami? Who's from Egypt? Right? And if you think about it, Big Rami stepped on stage at three, 15. What do you guys think he was drug free if he had a nanny max he maxed out? I legit amitly think Big Rami could have stepped on stage at 230 pounds drug free lean. We only have to explain like 85 pounds of muscle gain with steroids. Scott, you've been around drugs a bit. Is it dependable to gain 85 pounds of muscle from a steroids? I mean that's crazy. We're pretending at this wife. I want to tell you that's possible. It's highly unlikely. So they get minimum. Big Rami could have been 230 on stage, which would have been like the best nanny pro bodybuilder of all time. Which is the good one of the best pro bodybuilder's period of course that makes sense. Ronnie Coleman was 250 or 220 pounds on stage. Damned here verified drug free. So is Kai Green. And these guys, oh, well, there's no way they were drug free. After they started drugs, they all gained like 50 or 60 pounds of stage weight. So what kind of drugs are they doing before then? They just start to real magic magic super drugs. The shit doesn't add up. So my best bet is that who's saying just has unreal, godlike aerobit genetics and worked as ass off for a few years, trained the living shit out of especially his arms and delts, which are his way stand-out body parts, which proves another point of my head on my stupid egotistical high horse. Scott, what are we always saying this channel? Big delts and arms are the answer to every single question in life. Oh, yes. I give you who say in fat hot. You want to look like who's saying and the number one reason you want to look like who's saying is because people won't believe you that you're drug free. Which is the biggest possible. Scott, give me a better compliment about my jackness than to not believe I could possibly be nanny. Go. No, that's it. That's the one. So I think that's what's going on. Was his fake fake nanny idea a good one? Guys, you know, sometimes shit that seems cool just doesn't hit that well, that people get really confused in real life and you thought I was going to be a cool meme, but it kind of backfires. I mean, like look at my whole life. Could I be wrong about who's saying? Yes. Is it possible he's the world's first fake fake Scott way for it? Fake nanny? Hey. Yes, it is possible. But to resolve that, we turn to logic. Let's learn a few things. The big difference here, guys, and this is where I want to make a big intellectual point is the difference between likelihood and certainty. There is a ocean between those things. Here's what I mean. The big mistake that so many people make in these nanny are not debates especially in the comments is in assuming that likely not natural is the same thing as definitely not natural and it's absolutely not. If someone is lean and has a fat free mass index of 25 or over, it's more likely there on gear than not knowing nothing else about them. Fact, more likely, not a ton more likely, but like 64 to more like. But people stumble when they say that someone of 25 plus FFMI is definitely not nanny, definitely not nanny because likely means functionally 51% or above. Anywhere, let's even say, let's be charitable, say 60% is likely. Certainly is 100%. And just because we're being charitable and statistically kind of nuanced was a 99% plus. You guys in the distance between 60 and 90 is really big. If you score a 60 on your last exam, your professor is going to have a chat with you about maybe changing careers. If you scored a 99% on your last exam, your professor is going to have a chat with you about an internship that he has for sure for you next month to start working in his lab. It's night and day difference. Both are on the other end of unlikely, but they're very, very different conceptual ideas. Let me give you a really egregious example that really might hit home. It's a bit out there, but as an analogy, it works. The probability, then an American soldier in the 1960s and 70s on his way to the Vietnam War would be killed and combat is qualified in a CIA probability scale as exceedingly unlikely or very unlikely. Extremely unlikely. About 2% chance. There were something like 60,000 killed an action in Vietnam and literally multiple millions of people served in the conflict. 2% chance of death in Vietnam. It's true to say it is a very unlikely for any soldier going in Vietnam, but they were going to die. True. But imagine telling someone on their way to Vietnam, that they definitely won't die. Scott, how would that land? But there's caskets of people coming back on the other planes. Like, ah, that ain't you. That's insanity. In much the same way, because elite genetics people absolutely exist, there's a good chance you're going to really clown show yourself. If you say that person's definitely not nanny, don't say definitely. You can say probably. And that's probably true, but definitely is such a huge difference. It just a real clown show moment if you go that far. Especially when the not nanny, quote unquote person who's saying, it has an FFMI of just under 23, you're really just talking about exotic muscle shape than you guys. Now, the fact that he's trained for three years absolutely buttresses the idea that on knowing nothing, probabilities about him three years, looking like that, I would bet knowing nothing about him that he is not drug, that he's not drug free, that he definitely used. Definitely could God-see. I didn't myself. Scott, don't cut that out. That's the problem. I have an in my own language to do this. Very likely that I'm nothing knowing nothing about him and I do know stuff about him. So this is not my actual opinion that yeah, it looks like he's on drugs to me. However, the under 23 thing makes that like, okay, well, once I got the measurement, I'm like, okay, well, so he thought as Jack as I thought, it's just crazy visual appeal plus getting three years to go there. However, that three years doesn't go as far as you guys might think and as far as I think because amazing genetics are real. Scott, you've been around people with really amazing muscle genetics, yeah? Of course. Three years to get to who's saying size, is that impossible to you or just like pretty impressive? Man, it's really on the edge. It's hard to imagine. It's hard to imagine, but with really good genetics people, hard to imagine stairs you in the face. And if we took who's saying to Iceland, it would look like he never lifted weights. Yeah. And then I mean, you see someone like, you know, Paul canoe at 16, who like, maybe never lifted it and was like, jacked already. And you know, like, I got three years this guy could be insane. Paul canoe, current IFBB physique pro, winning pro, he's the man, friend of the channel. We've had videos of him before. Paul canoe had a full six pack when he was 10 years old. Paul canoe didn't take drugs for most of his career and was so jacked, you would think for 100% certainty is on drugs and he wasn't because Paul canoe's West African and has God like genetics is just better. And that is a thing that we have to contend with. How rare are people like Paul canoe? One in 10,000? But like that's why you guys know people on social media is because they're rare, who say didn't get famous for not being jacked. You know what I'm trying to say? And if you have a super hard time believing in amazing genetics, this is a following as a joke guys all love and respect, but you might just not have very good genetics. And it's kind of hard to figure out how that could be possible. But it's real. Like if you guys ever see me do athletic things, you're like, this guy is basically immobile. He sucks. But a lot of drug-free people can do Olympic caliber high jumps and completely insane shit. And there's no way I'm going to be like, well, they've got to take drugs for that. I can't do that. Well, I suck. You know? And so at the end of the day, amazing genetics are rare, but not impossible. So let's answer the actual question that might have direct consequences for you. How big can you get as a nanny? Because a lot of people will see videos like this, and they'll be like, okay, well, so if we say nanny, that means there's hope for me now. Hold on a second. How can you know how big you can get nanny? There are two good answers to this. The first answer is Mellow Henselman's, who's an amazing YouTube followed up again with, has a website where he has a nanny max calculator. It's evidence-based. Go try it. You type in a couple of your measurements, your age, etc. And it gives you your likelihood of achieving a certain nanny max. Your maximum potential as a drug free athlete if you train for years and years and years. The good news about this calculator is that it is way better than random chance. So go use it. It's awesome. The bad news about this calculator is that it's nowhere close to certain, not even remotely. And so the second answer I said I had two answers. One is go check out Mellow's nanny max calculator. The second is a deeper answer. And it's this. You can't tell what your nanny max is going to be, unless you go ham on training and diet and recovery and take them seriously for five to ten years. Because five years will tell you a lot, but some people gain slow and steady and make excellent gains between years, five and 10, whereas others, Peter route around five and then make very slow gains thereafter. Yeah, can't be sure unless you go five to ten years. That's how you find out if you've got what a taste, which is kind of curious because, um, she, that's a whole lot of finding out. And so what I would say is if you want to be in the gym and want to get more jacked, that's what's going to keep you lifting, just do that. And you will inevitably find out how far you can go to nanny. And after ten years or so, if you realize that you've gone really far and you want to take drugs, you've gone really far and you don't want to take drugs or you haven't gone very far and you want to take drugs. You haven't gone very far, but you don't want to take drugs. Any one of those quartile answers is totally fine. But pretending you know what your nanny max is going to be or looking at other people and with certainty, concluding their drug for your not is just not a good idea because finding out is only possible if you do the thing. 100%. So what do we learn today as a quick review? Number one, nanny's can get as big demonstrably in the literature as 28 or more fat-free mass index. That's crazy, but not so crazy to put this in perspective at 5 foot 6, which is my height. I'm 4 foot 11, you guys, I got to inflate the numbers. That's a hundred 95 pounds at 10% body fat. And just to put this in perspective during my last cut, I reached 6% body fat at about 220 pounds. So I'm not nanny almost certainly and we'll actually certainly because I've declared that I'm not nanny and that's not controversial. But 195 pounds of 10% body fat at 5, 6 is really, really impressive. 28, FFMI. But it's not crazy. What do you think? And 195 at 10% body fat? Like a clean six packet, 195 at my height. That's impressive, right? As a natural. That would be really impressive. But not like you look at that person and you're like one, like it's not big ramy, right? Yes. Correct. You're not like you'd have to be mentally ill to think this guy wasn't on drugs. Right? So it's ultra ultra impressive, but still possible. It's one in 10,000. But there's a lot of people on Earth you guys and so it will occur. If someone is over point number two, so that's point number one. 28 plus is possible. Number two, if someone is over 25, FFMI index, they might be on gear, 50, 50 chance, probably a little better than 50, 50. They're just over the line of probably on gear. Over 27.5 FFMI is very likely on gear, like 85% to 95% probability. Over 30 FFMI and they are exceedingly likely to be on gear, 97% plus probability. But still not for sure. Point number three, you can get your biggest and you can only find out how big that is by trying. And that's part of the fun. Menos calculator can put some can hem in your estimates. But the actual truth is going to be revealed only by trying it out. And my personal favorite, I think the deepest thing about this video and I'll leave it here is number four. The fourth conclusion we can make is that the RP hypertrophy, it can help get you jack. No matter if you're drug free or not. The only person it's never worked for is Scott the video guy. Very sad story. Why don't I just insult you there at the end Scott? We were friends not as in that untrue. I'm not going to say anything about that. But no one's ever seen Scott in real life so good luck figuring that one out. Guys link in the description for the app. Hopefully you guys found this instructive. Get in the comments. You know what? Rage. Let's go. See you guys next time.