I want XYZ muscle to grow. And I go, what is the objective best way to get a high stimulus and a low fatigue? Okay, to do these exercises. But these are the hardcore exercises. That kind of sucks, you know? So the things that got me the biggest pumps, the biggest soreness, the biggest increases in reps and load, the biggest, the visual growth, were not the hardcore exercises in at least some of these cases. So seeing that myself, I was like, what the f*** am I doing here? Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. And it turns out that when I stopped training super hardcore, I got even bigger. Oh, no. Oh, no. Time to like that pipe. The loads of copium in it and start puffing. What the hell am I on? Well, let me tell you a story. First, some definitions. What I'm saying here is that my training became less hardcore and I got even more large and in charge of because I made it less hardcore. Which sucks to say out loud, it is zero vibes for it and I totally hear you. Let's define some terms and tell a little story about how I found this out and what that means for you. First, what is hardcore training? I consider hardcore training is it's a cultural definition, right? It's not exact. But I think it's got some commonalities that kind of grab back of the following features. Heavy. Like sets of 5 to 10 are hardcore. Sets of 10 plus could be hardcore, but less likely. Moving barbells around. You squat versus leg press. Everyone knows which one is more hardcore than that. It's the squat by the way. Using free weight instead of machines, right? Use dumbbell presses versus machine presses. Easy answered which one's more hardcore. The big one is training very close to failure. In chasing mega-PR's, very hardcore. And then typically big compound lifts are more hardcore than smaller isolation lifts. Things like squats, dead lifts and presses. If you see a guy squat all the way to depth, mega weight for a very close to failure set of 8. That's hardcore. Daphacit deadlift for a set of 6. That's hardcore. That's real shit. It's just not much more hardcore to push on that. So that's what I call this hardcore training. And I used to do hardcore training all the time. A few years after I started lifting, I got into hardcore big time. When you start lifting, you don't know anything. And then I discovered hardcore was a thing. And vibes wise, I really, really, really liked it. Because early in my career, not only did I want to get big, but most of the actually wanted to get strong. I wanted to get strong before I wanted to get big. And hardcore lifts are the measurement of strength. And by far, the best way to get strong. So from about age 19, when I was starting to compete in power lifting, all the way to around age 30, when I really consciously started making the transition of like, okay, I'm, I bodybuild now. This is what I do. I trained mostly hardcore. Which means what? What am I training routine typically look like? And there's lots of video evidence of me training like this. Some of it will come up in a sack when I talk about me big PR. Maybe some of it will be up on the screen even sooner, just as an example. So it's not me just saying stuff, 100% how I used to pride myself on training. I consider all other training kind of like what weak losers would do. My routines were designed around 3 to 10 rep max efforts in squats, dead lifts, dips, overhead presses with a barbell standing up all the way up and down. That's hard course. You sit down with a press, you get dumbbells, you're in a machine, and even though that counts anymore. Operate rows, lunges, pull ups behind the neck presses. Yes, Scott, how hardcore in the hardcore spectrum is a standing, heavy barbell behind the neck press. That's like 1950s type of shit, right? Like, that doesn't get much more hardcore than that, right? And so I would typically train on a push, legs, pull, rest, rest, repeat, split. So go heavy and hard for anyone muscle group on every five days, which is lots of time to recover for early big efforts. And we do about 4 to 8 working sets, straight sets, only usually low reps per muscle per session. So like every five days I would do 48 sets per muscle. If you guys have seen the literature on volume and growth, that's very low volume compared to what typically you could do to grow even more. Lots of sets of 10, I did lots of sets of 8. I mean sets of 8 until I was blue in the face. Eight is one of my magical spirit rep ranges and lots of sets of five, so well. And I would do isolation work, but like at the end of everything, when I was nice and tired, it would call an accessory work because of my power lifting back round, you do your power lifts, you do your core assistance lifts, and you do accessory work, which is like your pretend duty shoulder for 30 seconds here and there looking around and hopefully no one notices you and then you leave. That's how I handled my training. And I got strong as, and really big. Let me share some of my IPRs with you. I squatted high bar 500 for 10 with just about all the way to depth that's a cool video. I deficit, dead lifted, 550 pounds with no belt of a three inch deficit, conventional, there's hard core shit, there's people stronger than that for sure, but two my abilities like G-Wiz, you know, that's really trying, right? I did on a few occasions, I did dips with 135 pounds, 345's hanging for a sets of 10. One point I did this at 230 pounds body weight. I've done pull ups weighing to 60, where I was, I had 60 pounds of external load attached, I benched 365 for eight. I bent road 350 for eight, that's a funny video to watch, strict bent road by the way. I have the advantage of having a massive gut, but I get some credit for that. I incline benched 335 for 10. I upright road 155 for 20, remember where I was when I did that, I was like that. I don't know if there's any more like shoulder value from this than I need. I've done behind the neck press standing for 225 pounds for 10 reps. I did a in front of the neck standing to the clavicles 275 for eight weighing 240. Barbell shoulder press, which is like kind of regregious. And lots of other shit like this, heavy hacksquats, heavy leg presses, heavy close stance squats, heavy lunges, you name it a Institute lunges with 225 for reps, the whole thing. And the results from this were quite good. They're very good. I got to a drug-free 270 pounds at 30% body fat. I know what you're gonna say. Mike, you're gigantic, and fat. Scott, can we throw up a fat mic on there somewhere? Oh yeah, perfect. Can it be the, the one where I'm pale face, moon-faced, round face? You know, yeah, okay, great. And so like I was a fat for sure, but and I had lots of fat, but remember roughly around this point was when I hit tons of those PRs, I was strong. I remember when I weighed 270, I did 275 for seven in the standing overhead press. And like, oh yeah, that's real strength. That was some real shit. I had lots of muscle as well as lots of fat. And then I started a thin width. When I was 27 years old, or so I started injectable steroids for the first time. In over the next several years, I got still training this. Remember, I trained like this all the way up to about age 30. And so for the next three years, I had steroids and I was losing fat and gaining strength in muscle at the same time. So I got to about 242 and 45 pounds and about 20% body fat, training exactly like this. So like, it's a lot of muscle. That's a serious thing. And that was really cool. And that's the good stuff for the results. Now, it wasn't all good stuff. When some of these things cause me to reconsider my training philosophy a little bit. And I say philosophy, but it's really like feelings. Because philosophy is like knowledge and understanding and logic, they're typically you would expect someone's philosophy to be logically deduced like, I've considered the following variables. And based interaction, based on my desires, I think XYZ is a good idea on logical grounds. That's how I got into hardcore lifting. It was the vibes you guys, because of Barbell and it's sitting there and it's bending. Cause they're the way that it's too heavy. I want a shot of the title. I want reps for that shit. And I want them clean. I want full range of motion. I want no body English. I want to show myself that I'm a really goddamn strong. That's the only reason I did this kind of shit. I'm like, oh, yeah, I want hypertrophy. I'll just do more sets of it. It just wrong, but not optimal. So what did I get from this that wasn't ideal? I had a lot of pings and dings kind of regularly. I did get a massive discerningation squatting. I tore my addoctor doing lunges. I got my packs doing bench presses. And all the other stuff. I can't blame the bench press for that, but the consistent going to failure with sets of five to 10 and 10 to 15 reps on chest without managing fatigue almost certainly got me into the trouble with my packs. The other thing is I had to keep my volume pretty low. This was before we knew how high the volume and hypertrophy relationship went. And so in order to recover from all these PRs of heavy stuff, my volume had to be low. You guys will see this currently in micmencer accolites, folks that try to train like micmencer and heavy duty training and high intensity training and all that stuff. They'll say like, well, I only do a few sets every week for like quads or chastras, whatever, because there's such hardcore sets. I need that long to recover. And they're not lying. If you full-send all the way to psychotic failure, especially heavy, especially axially loading movements like deadlifts and squats and standing overhead presses, but he's just going to take you days and days to recover to be able to do anything like that again. And since my gold standard of going into the gym was to hit PRs every single time, which isn't a bad thing, you could overhead press three days after a really heavy a few sets of eight, but it's probably not going to be if you PRs, it's going to have to be lighter and higher upper, something like that, but I was an interest of that. And so it ends up being like, okay, for me to fully recover, I got to take either more time, which I wasn't always interested in, because neural learning occurs on a faster time scales. You want to train relatively often. So the volume has to go down. Almost everyone will tell you that if you want to train really, really high intensity, your volume has to come down and it did. And that's not ideal because then I wasn't gaining as much muscle as I could because volume is the number one, so I guess you're remotely close to failure. And remotely between the five and 30-wrap range maximum, you are going to grow the most over your muscles by doing the highest volume of training. I wasn't doing that explicitly because I was trying to save myself for bigger PRs. And muscles like my side delts that demanded way more volume for growth, biceps that demanded way more volume growth or something nothing hard core to do for biceps really. And vertical pulling muscles like my lats and stuff like that for which there's some hardcore things like the pull up, but if you think about the mid back lower back, there's stiff leg and dead lifts, railer dead lifts, deficit dead lifts, all kinds of barbell rows, versus like pull ups and pull downs. Not really, also pull downs are not hardcore. I did some, but I thought, come on. Scott, you ever see those, the guy's loaning like extra weights onto the pull down and like swinging around and doing like sets of five and shit on pull downs. Like what is the, what is there trophy you're looking at for this? Like what the fuck is going on? Like look, it's a totally fine way to train, but on my vibes thing, it wasn't hardcore enough for me. And so these muscles side delts by steps vertical pulling muscles, we're not very well developed compared to my other muscles. Now my legs were massive. My chest was, the massive, my mid and lower back were super, supernarly is how the hell do you stay completely flat back with 250 kilograms, fire and 50 pounds for reps to a deficit with no belt. You have to have the musculature there and that's how you develop it. So like my mid back, you guys have seen pictures of my mid back. And my spinal erector's look like two cocks meeting at the top of my back. It's really wacky. And so I've accidentally developed those muscles, but side delts, lats and biceps think about this from an aesthetic perspective for bodybuilding. If you have big ass biceps, big ass side delts and huge lats, that's really important. But from an aesthetic perspective, it really thick lower back. Can bodybuilding? Does that matter? I mean, if it's really, really thin in your own open bodybuilding, the judges will judge you, but it's not exactly like, oh man, if you could just add pounds and pounds with mid back, he'd be unstoppable. I don't think anyone's ever said that about anyone. This is probably never been true. So I got some cool stuff, but a little bit more pings and dings, missed opportunity to grow from a very low volume chasing PRs with heavy weight and very systemically fatigued moves. And also some muscles were just underdeveloped because I wasn't going to do the volume or the exercise selection to make sure they got checked off the box. So what did I discover about training that made me change my ways? I didn't just like vibe it out of this. I vibe it into hardcore training, but I didn't vibe out of it. I actually logic my way out. First is the idea about training volume and growth. I read enough literature and did enough of my own experimenting to realize that so long as the weight was challenging. And a roughly low R, I really like anything around three or four reps and reserve with good technique. Set number was the term dial for growth. As long as it's relatively heavy, relatively close to failure, doing two sets, grows you more than one, doing three sets, grows you more than two, and that relationship weekly. There is no evidence so far that it's convincing that relationship has been shown to stop or curb. What am I saying? I'm saying in studies that have compared 30 weekly sets to 40 weekly sets or roughly thereabouts, every single one of these studies so far is either showed maybe no change, but almost all of them have showed distinct increases and muscle growth at 40 sets per week that at 30 sets per week on average. So if you're thinking, well, if I do five sets of delts this week versus if I picked a different exercise that didn't beat me up so much in my lower back, I could do 10 sets with that make a difference with man of 30 and 40 make a difference. Five and 10 is gonna be in an enormous difference. So I really got in time, it was a professor by now at this time. I was collaborating with folks like Dr. Brad shownfeld and it just stared at literature long enough and you're like, I'm doing something that I know to be scientifically in adviceable. And maybe the science is all on torps who just undergrads and the probioti builder's no better and I've made that argument a bunch, but then it's time to go, okay, the science is this, let's see how my body feels. And that's the next point that made me discover what I was doing wrong and training here basically what I could have done better. And then I was doing a lot of different systems and axial fatigue. My lifting for hardcore lifts was causing so much fatigue that I was capping my volume low. I was looking at literature and I was like, I should be like 15 sets of quads per week, but I'm doing eight sets of quads per week because like one does not simply do like high bar squats for 15 sets, like that's crazy. You're not gonna record from dick at that point and then you're chest and back training is also screwed. So what I was doing is I was using such hardcore lift and feeding me up so much that I was actually underfeeding my body volume, which is like kind of the opposite of what you wanna do. It's kind of like, I make a shitty analogy. It's if you are trying to go out there and meet girls, but your idea about how to do that is to be like, I have to be the best looking guy. I'm gonna be at home lifting and trying to different outfits and doing different hair styles and making sure I know how to pose and I'm just gonna do that forever. But the girls are out there. Like right, right, right, right. But I'm really optimizing this. Like okay, what do you really wanna get out there? You gotta get out there. If you really want size, you gotta do higher volumes and if you're like, yeah, but I'm doing this thing now, that makes me big and strong. Maybe now as big as I could be, but strong and I'm doing it for vibes. It starts to feel weird that you're just justifying higher lifting because you like it unvives. There's nothing wrong with that. I'll come back to that. But if you want ultimate size, you're gonna have to do kind of what science and what your body say instead of vibes, right? A really simple example of this is like, I could get to 15 sets of quads per week if I did a combination of squats and leg presses. But for many years of my life, only interested in doing squats and leg presses were kind of like, wow, this is bitch-made. Or maybe I could have even leg presses were too fatigued. I could have done some leg extensions, but you did not see me do leg extensions. Basically ever, for first 15 years of my life, because I was like, people with injuries do those. That's the hardcore vibe I was chasing. Another one is muscle targeting. Some machine and isolation moves, simply focus in and stimulate the target muscle as well as or better than the hardcore moves for a tiny fatigue fraction. For example, one of my older training partners got into a technique, he figured out for belt squats that was like dominant. It was superior and belt squats versus high bar squats, for example, completely eliminate axial fatigue. They completely uninthifete you've loading your spine vertically because the belt goes around your hips, not your spine. And so, belt squats, Scott, how much less fatigue in your experience do belt squats cause for your whole body than high bar squats? Like half. Like if your quads still need a beating, they will get a beating from belt squats and nothing else will stop them. Whereas if you're doing high bar squats, it's usually true for most people that quads aren't even limiting factor. Your adductors get beat up more, which is great, amazing for sports, amazing for health, amazing for function and strength. But also, like your lower back and upper back, will get beat up to where a cutely and assession, the reason you're not doing any more squats, isn't cause your legs are giving out, it's cause the rest of you's giving out. And so, once I caught this kind of perspective, some shoulder machines, some cable machines for biceps, some basically this example of belt squats, versus high bar squats, let me to believe that like, I want XYZ muscle to grow. Because at some point, I'm just getting bigger and stronger overall. That worked up as awesome. Then I looked at my body, like a hand out is something's need to be bigger than others because some of the others are lacking. And I was like a side delts, biceps, lats, even quads for systemic fatigue caps. And like, what is the objective best way to get a high stimulus and a low fatigue? Okay, to do these exercises, but these are the hard core exercises. And like, they're kinda sucks, you know? It's like, someone's like, asks you what kind of food you like best. And you're like, like, Swedish food. Swedish is my favorite. And they do like a blind taste test and you try a bunch of different cuisines, like a hundred little spoonfuls of food. And you're like, okay, how'd I do? They're like, tie foods actually, your favorite food based on ratings. And you're like, is that really true? That's really true. And you can identify it as like someone who loves Swedish food and it just turns out like, oh, well, actually the things in the real world that seem to get you going, are tie food. And then you just have to accept that. So the things that got me the biggest pumps, the biggest soreness, the biggest increases in reps and load, and the biggest, the visual growth, were not the hard core exercises and at least some of these cases. So seeing that myself, I was like, what the f*** am I doing here? And here's the last one that really did it for me. I started competing in bodybuilding, usually very unsuccessfully, and a few times with decent outcomes. And I, first was going as a coach to these competitions, before I competed myself, I was going as a fan. And I realized that absolutely nobody who actually competes in bodybuilding really gives a shit about what you can lift. Scott, imagine coming up to Nick Walker right now and being like, Nick, so you used to lift more weight. Now you've been with RP, Jared's been helping you with your technique. It looks like your technique master, but the weights are way lighter. Don't you feel bad about that? You get Scott, if you told Nick, like, hey, if you got back into really heavy lift, don't you think you'd grow more? What do you think he'd tell you? Like, that's awful. Hey, get the f*** outta here, kid. I got another set coming up. But for real, it'd be like, yes, I know that. I train like that before. I got lots of dings and bruises. I got really big, but I got even bigger doing the focus shit that actually makes sense. And so I had a big ego about how was approaching my lifting. I wanted to be the most hardcore. So another body moves to talk about walking lunges or leg presses or leg extensions or all the stuff I'd be like, what can you f***ing high bar squat? And the answer was like, I was one of the better high bar squatters in bodybuilding for my high leg, my bodyweight, and it's like, okay, sweet. So what does that mean on stage? What does that mean for your quads? Could your quads be bigger? If you did other things instead of just high bar squatting? And at some point, the question was answered, yes. And then what the hell is I supposed to do? This in power lifting and in strong man, these lifts are everything. But at bodybuilding, there means to an end. And if you can get to that end in a more efficient means, you've got to drop the ego off at the door. So here's how I came to change my ways. At first, here's what I did. I did not abandon compound lifts. But I did remove the ones that had the lowest stimulus to fatigue ratio as for hypertrophy for me, low bar squats. They're designed to give you advantage and leverage, not disadvantage and leverage. Just advantages what you want for growth oftentimes are really focused in a one muscle. And advantage lets you lift more weight, but it really just lets you lift more weight. So you could good at that. Your bones and tendons grow and stuff. That's cool. But as far as hypertrophy, you're actually getting less hypertrophy from an even higher workload and even higher risk of acute injury. No more low bar squats. I stopped doing racked eggs or floor beds. And every time I would deadlift, I would do deficit deadlifts. Because they expanded the range of motion. I didn't have to use as much weight and the stimulus to my glutes, to my back, was much, much bigger, whereas the fatigue was comparable. And so that's really, really good. I added in more paused lifts. That's what I was a really big deal. I had been through some injuries. And I'm like, I'm mostly gonna pause almost all of my lift now because I don't see a downside. And I see an increase in safety. And I think that's a really good. So I started pausing my lifts and I chose longer ranges of motion lifts, like cambered bar rows and set of regular rows, cambered bar benches and set of regular benches, deficit deadlifts, good mornings to the rack and things like that. I also started incorporating more Smith machine variations just for something different to do that wasn't barbells. Another thing is stability, you can really connect with your chest when you're pressing on a Smith in a way that you sort of can't with a barbell, not barbell bench or an incline as good and I'm not taking anything away from him. But sometimes just variation on Smith, you can really connect with your muscles better because you don't have to do the cognitive work, the neural throughput work, of actually stabilizing the barbell to nearly the same extent. And these Smith machine lifts let you bias targeting of muscles in a way that barbells can't, for example. High bar squats are amazing for your quads. But if you want your quads to grow even more per any unit of time that you spend working on them, if you get into a Smith machine and especially if it's a slanted Smith machine where the slant goes forward as it goes lower, if you push your feet a little bit in front of where that barbell would land on the slant, you can maintain way, it's essentially completely upright upper body posture and your knees go way over your toes at the bottom end, which means the fraction of load and the stimulus and thus growth that is given to your quads in that feet forward Smith machine squat is higher and the fraction that's given to your lower back and your glutes and your mid back is lower. But like when I do squats, it's a quad movement for me. And so I started doing these kind of feet forward squats and I was like, damn, these hit and I'm like the same fatigue I would be from regular squats except my quads have one and a half times more stimulus and they're getting bigger. That was a real big change for me. That was a real big change. That was kind of the intermediate stage. So there was early micro did stupid shit, brochure at the gym and had to learn like everyone else. There was 19 to 30 year old mic who did hardcore dedication all the time. There was 30 to 40 year old, 30 to 39 year old mic who did what I just described basically is like slightly better SFR version of this but still lots of hardcore stuff. And then now my approach to training is different even still as I'm getting older. Today, I only essentially go by stimulus to fatigue ratio. Does the muscle get nuked? While systemic fatigue, axial fatigue and local joint and connective tissue fatigue like how are my elbows liking this, staying low or reasonable. If it's a high SFR exercise, your boys doing it. And I'm gonna, what it looks like. Those, so like I get a lot of criticism from some folks understandably from my lying curls thing where I lie down and a bench and do the curls to the ground with dumbbells. You guys, of course that's not hardcore. It combines two bitch-made things at the same time, dumbbell curls which are lame. And lying down while doing them, what are you going to sleep is the worst and because the leverage to disadvantage, you can only use like 30 to 35 pounds of the most, I can't shit, I don't know, Eric Jinik, he might be able to use 45, but Eric Jinik could curl like 185 if he stood up with a barbell. So this whole exercises thing, the, for the only reason I do lying curls is for me lying dumbbell curls, scott a U on this train lying dumbbell curls are the best SFR by SFR by SFR exercise you've ever tried. They absolutely are. There's no competitor. And so you can try these yourself too. If you use good technique keeping your chest personally up really slowing the descent, gently touching the dumbbells at full extensions the ground and coming back up, a few myaret match sets of like 15 reps, your biceps gets sore for like six days. They get a pump that you've never had from bicep training every in your life. It's wild, it's lame, yes it's lame, but I don't care because I just want muscle growth with minimum effect on fatigue and joints. I'm beyond that point where I care enough about my low, it's gotta be barbell curls. I used to be that guy. I curled like with some interesting, but not, not cheating technique 135 for a set of 10 before that's somewhere lost in Facebook videos, somewhere along lines. I've done that shit. It's cool vibes are great, but actual effect is lower than the stuff that's kind of lame. I no longer have a big ego attachment to big weights or barbell lifts. That's a thing. I used to like crazy and it's always tempting, but I'm just like non-through. I'm done with vibes. I don't train on vibes anymore. I train on stimulus to fatigue ratio. And like right now I'm training my shoulders. It's super high volume with really wussy exercises. My shoulders are blowing up. And like it's great to be blowing up. I don't like how it happens, but I do care about what I like or don't like anymore in the gym. It's about maximum effect for me. I'll tell you about how this relates to you in just a second. So I do miss these big lifts sometimes, but on vibes, but vibes just don't go far. And so I'll say right now, I'm recording this at the very, very beginning of a 15 week diet, which I'm gonna be getting more jacked and more lean at the same time, but on very, very low gear, 150 total milligrams by the way of anabolic andogenic intervention. We'll put it that way. I am 235 pounds as of this morning. And I have like veins and places that I typically never had, but maybe below 225 I had them. And so I am by far my most jacked and at least hurt by the way, my body feels phenomenal. And I know the most direct exercises that work best for me and a rep range is that work best for me to nuke all of my muscles whenever I have like, if you're like, hey, how do you really get your delts going? I know the answer to that question now, better than I've ever known it, and I can do it in the gym. So I've all those advantages, and I'm 41 years old. And so on the other end of it, is like, well, what about your ego? What about big hardcore lifts? I love that shit, but I gotta be, you know, place of mind where I do logical shit to further my physique development. Because I really just care about having an awesome physique at this point. I really cared about that for years and years, but I wasn't able to let the ego go. Here's why you don't see me doing the hardcore lifts as much anymore. Now, you will see me doing dips. You'll see me doing pull ups, walking lunges, leg presses, hacksquats, Smith presses of all kinds, upright rows, et cetera, for sure. Hardcore is not dead, but I'm gonna do very few heavy dead lifts, heavy squats, standing presses, and super heavy rows. Because I need muscle stimulus, not ego stimulus, and added injury and fatigue risk. Do I love this new way of training? No, I don't. Absolutely not. But I know that it is my best path forward for physique excellence in my own regard. Yes, I do know that. If anything, what I learned from all this is that those on the path to betterment often do what they must not they want. Because what I wanna do is take every set of full-cent failure because it's a religious experience. And what I wanna do is do hardcore lifts only. That would be unbelievable, like total war. And that's how you used to train for years, but that didn't get me where I wanted with my physique and training differently, more specifically. And I'm slightly more lame way from this perspective, got me way, way, way better result. Let's answer the last question. What should you do about your training? I would love nothing more than to be up the paint-truth state for hardcore training for you guys. It would be amazing. And young fat, maddie, Mike Israel tell, definitely was that person. And I was hugely proud of it. But how I train today is optimized for my goals and my constraints, goals being maximum, hypertrophy constraints being injury history, age, someone on so forth, not yours. So yes, you should always use small progressions and excellent technique. And if you feel it a lot in the muscle or you just love the vibes and your growth is good by all means, dip into the hardcore shit. Dip into the barbell lifts, sets of five to 10, failure or very close, and they will make you bigger. They'll make you stronger and they make you tougher than shit. I got into Brazilian jujitsu training at the peak of my barbell strength. And I tell you what, like you can violate a lot of concepts in jujitsu, just maybe in strongest. Like if someone tries to get you from behind the neck when they're in front and snap you down, but you've done good mornings for sets of five with 330 pounds, they pull on you and they're like, ah, this isn't work. It's amazing. I love it. It was awesome, awesome. And if you're into that vibe of just getting just narrowly strong, 1,000% by all means do it. On the other hand, if you ever wanted to more target a training, if you ever want to explore where stimulus and fatigue ratio could be better, it's just one mesocycle away from you just trying it on your next program. If you have the RPI Pertrary Fy app, we don't tell you what exercises to do. We can recommend them and soon we'll be recommending them with more advanced intelligence behind the scenes, but at the end of it, it's just your call. And we don't even tell you what rep range is. That's also on you. So if you want to try the hypertrophy app to do and sets a 5 to 10 in squats and deadlift, God bless you, you can do it through the app. But if you want to do sets a 15 to 20 and slightly more isolation exercises and more guarded exercise, belt squats, something like that, then 100% you can do that to the app to check your link in the description, give this some thought, and answer the following question in the comments, why am I coping so hard about this? Is it Scott, is it because I never actually trained hardcore and I'm a fraud and I have excuse excuses? Now every smaller thing or the mic mentor. I just never will amount to be anything like mic mentor and it hurts me every single day. And I gotta get out there and say stupid bullshit to make up for my honestly just small penis, maybe a bull circle, see you guys next time.