For that person, forcing like 20 plus sets per week and stopping, starting having to deal with very often and so on and so forth. You could argue that that could lead to inferior gains versus somebody being very consistent and doing less. Folks, me, my name is Dr. Mike. You know, I don't remember what I'm a doctor. But this is Dr. Pack. Dr. Pack, what is your full given Greek name? It's Patrick Loss, under the Lacky Scorker, I guess. Patrick Loss, the lover of Achilles. Oh, damn. For the history and joyers, you have a PhD. You are Dr. Pack. A real PhD isn't. Oh, let's go back that up. What if I get sick? What kind of sick do I have to be for you to help me out? Sick, muscular. My man. Sick, bro. Yeah. Look at you, sick, bro. That's the kind of Dr. I think. Yeah, like I'm looking sick. Yeah. Cheers, a program. So you have a PhD in sports science? Amazing. And where did you get your doctoral degree? Dr. Earl DeGreece, dot com. That's a great web site, yes. I got it from Solent University in the UK, and you're not eating. Oh, my. I'm also British citizen. Really? Last time I checked, we're speaking English here. Rule Britania. Yes, exactly. One of your expert areas is on a very curious topic of the minimum effective dose for training, which means training at the boundaries of as little as you can to still see dependable growth. Yes. So that's a very important concept because some people really want to know I have some hours per week to train. It's not enough for me to make gains. Fuck it. I'm not even going to the gym, but it turns out it might not require a whole lot of training to see some really good games. Tell us a story about your researcher familiar to you with the research, and just generally kind of a bullet point list of like, what's on average the minimum effective dose sets and reps and blah blah per week frequency that you can like on with average genetics. If you're starting out expect to be like, okay, this is probably going to give some result anything below this is like, and he can above is like for sure. Yeah. So my PhD was specifically on the minimum effective dose for power lifters. So we did look at how strong. Yeah, to get strong. We did look at highly trained individuals. If I remember correctly, our intervention studies were the strongest studies out there as far as like participants. The participants were because a lot of times you eat the shit and you know, like these guys are posties they didn't mention shit, but these these were stacked motherfucker for the literature. Yeah, for you, you wouldn't lose your mind looking at somebody, you know, squatting for 40, but they were, they were, they were fast. That's fucking respect. Yeah, there were respect, respectable for sure. But obviously having to look at the, the totality of available evidence, I got familiar with the literature in general around the topic. And it's nice that you touched on it because I wanted to aside from looking at what the literature says as far as low volume training and gain scope. I wanted to also define what effective means, what meaningful gains mean. So we also interviewed a bunch of high level coaches and athletes to see what their definition of meaningful is because the participants are just having a lot of study. You were a participant in many of our interview studies. I'd like to thank you on camera and other participation things that were not on camera. Mostly that. So essentially to take a few steps back for somebody who is looking to make solid gains gains that will be meaningful gains that will matter. Obviously not optimal gains even as low as four to six sets per muscle group per week for hypertrophy and for strength as well. Is more than enough for them to actually see gains. So I can do two sets of dips close to failure. I'm Monday wide grip. I can do two sets of incline dumbbell presses for chest close to failure. I'm Thursday. And if I really haven't trained much and even if I've trained for a little while, I can see some kind of notable gains over the weeks and months of training from even that small amount. Yes. It may not be optimal, but you could be looking at 50 to 70% of your potential gains. Now, as the literature is evolving, that number may change. And we do expect it to potentially shift a bit lower than what we currently think. Yeah, because it keeps going down every time we test it. Like, it we haven't really found much of a floor yet. No, exactly. Which means just for the viewers, it means like scientists have to guess at what kind of low volume is the low volume of studies. So they compare normal volume to low volume to me. Ten sets a week to five sets. We've done that a few times and it's like five sets still grows muscles. So it makes you stronger. So that's a two sets of the next study per week is three. What is really the key to saying, okay, anything below this really just doesn't grow any muscle. Yeah, I mean, we know that even a single set for muscle group per week will still yield meaningful growth in beginners in beginners and in training individuals, at least from the strength from the strength data that we have. We went as low as a rep per week and always. Yeah, so like a single, a heavy single on the deadlift and based on the definition of meaningful by coaches and athletes. So I'm talking like top five par lifters in the world, regardless of sex and age and coaches that are coach multiple champions. That group that did just like a single a handful of times for the squad bench and deadlift. One single for the deadlift a few for a squad a few for bench. They had they still had like a let's say 30% chance of achieving meaningful games. So so some of them that wasn't off to at least peak them. It wasn't off to at least e-cout a little bit more. Yeah, for sure, but for for most of them then most of us have a single just once a week. Yeah, it will be enough for you to maintain your strength, but it's not going to it's probably not going to be magic. However, doing around six sets per week per lift for exercise had about a 99% chance of achieving games that were greater than what the coaches and athletes regard as meaningful. That's as far as strength as far as hypertrophy if we look at previous metanolidic data by Sean Philadelphia, we see and some of the interventions as well if we take them and look at the manipulation. I want to force that's maybe enough for you to achieve. Let's say 50% of your potential hypertrophy gains and then as you go up obviously you know you go into your five to like six to ten sets per month group per week and you get closer to the 80% of potential gains. And then obviously 10 to 20 sets for that extra 20% however as you noted there's more research coming out and it was a and you studied that came out lately showing that that ceiling may be higher than we thought. Yeah, which would again, you know push those numbers a bit lower, but at the same time the message here is like, look you have lives. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, sorry, it doesn't have lives. That's nonsense. Grandma lets you lift only three times a week the rest of the time you spend the basement. Exactly. So the time that your grandmother allows you to go through your great basement or actually leave your basement and go to the YMCA exact local fitness center. That time if you, you know, if you just have those few days thinking that oh, I'm not going to be able to make optimal gains is not the way to go because you the person that tries to do what's optimal. For like let's say let's take to two examples person A person B person A is super busy has a family and it's really trying to force like an optimal. Volume load. Yeah, but they're not meant. Yeah, they're unable to keep up with that. So they start a work up to a bunch of sets then they feel super tired. They feel disappointed that they can't completely work out the wife's like, did you just not find me attractive anymore? I think that I would have sex with you. I just my quads. The answer there is yes and then divorce if you've signed a prena if not then you've got a completely legal advice. Yes, there you go. Dr. Pack real doctor real lawyer. Operated by the way, you heard it here first just kidding. Keep going. They've been so busy as far as I can. So yeah, for that person forcing like 20 plus sets per week and stopping starting having to to deal with very often and so forth. You could argue that that could lead to inferior gains versus somebody being very consistent and doing less still. We're not talking about a single set of week. We're still talking about close to ten sets per month per week. Ten sets per hour. So yeah, close to that for high-purchasing. Sure. Because I don't think that that's a lot. Like people make a big deal out of ten sets to work out a week where you do five sets exactly. That's ridiculous. But the number ten specifically is thrown around as relatively high volume in the literature at least. It's yes. It's sometimes moderate sometimes higher volume. Yes. But yeah, the person that can keep it keep that up for a long period of time. You could argue that they could see better gains in the share. Sure. One thing that we get as a question quite often is when people are concerned that the muscle they built lets you know. So they built, let's say, training five days a week. You know, they're entering a life situation where they're only going to be able to train three days a week for some number of months. We get a lot of very concerned people asking essentially like, how much muscle can I expect to lose going from training five days a week. So three days a week, well, I've said before, I'm wondering, now that we have the expert on if this is true, is it's much more likely that you are going to continue to gain albeit a little bit slower. To lose muscle, you have to go below your maintenance volume, which might be like two to four sets per muscle group per week. And good God, you know, probably get that in one daily session or one weekly session. So when people have to regress in their frequency from five to four or five to three or six to four, are you concerned about them stopping all of their gains or even losing muscle or you able to confidently assess from the literature in your experience that like, well, actually, you'll probably still make gains just maybe a little slower on average with what's the reality. Exactly exactly what you said I would even say that even if you're doing like, let's say you were doing 20 sets and then whatever something tragic happens and you can only do one to four sets for muscle group per week. I'd say that if those sets are really intense, or very closer to a momentary failure, tragedy often fuels intensity. Exactly. This is for you grandma. Oh God, this is so nice here. I can see you. Oh, you're the most grandma spotter. It's a good idea. She's around still. She's like, you think you did zero R. I. Or like something like the rafter shake. She's like, oh, pussy. You're like, what the fuck grandma? All right, I'll do it tomorrow. But even like as low as one to four sets per muscle group per week, let's say you're definitely maintaining. You're definitely maintaining a nod maybe like a sliding increase. Okay, so to interpret this for someone not intelligent like myself, the simple words. Maintenance is much easier than most people think. Very, very much so. Okay. Minimum effective dose for both strength and hypertrophy is somewhere around just to be very general for the average person. There's differences. Of course, five sets per muscle group per week. Somewhere in that area, a lot of people can start to see dependable games. Yes. So maintenance may be two to four. Dependable games starting just north of that. And then we have another person who will be talking in another video about the top ends. I don't you get too carried away talking about MRV yet. I said it at MRV. It's my concept. Yes. It's yours. And I have trademark minimum effective dose and for a cheap subscription of 99 99 99 99 99 99 99 99 99. You can also train with low volume. But I get your sealable proven on it. So I feel confident about it. Yes, exactly. But yeah, as you said, thank your worst games possible. What a great like title to a program. Make the slowest games you can. Dr. Pack approved tired of training a lot. Don't worry. You can still make some games. I love it. He's selling the fuck out of it. We did have though like we do have data like long term data as as long as seven years and we're talking like 15,000 participants from a gym chain in the Netherlands. They live in a gym and they're not allowed to leave for seven years. That's how research works. That's how the Netherlands works. They have a terrible country. Everyone knows that. The Netherlands is really bad about civil rights and resources. So there was there is actually still a gym chain that their thing is 20 minutes of training per week. And they give us access to their data. This is all like more premium training. So it's for your like average business man or like whatever above average business man above average business and joy. And business woman again. This is 20 or anything. Careful. Women is a concept. We don't fully understand quite yet. Yeah, it's the art business. The art be channel. People are logging out now. They're like, oh no. They said the WR for the one and a half ladies that follow the channel. This is for you. Anyways. So 20 minutes per week of resistance training. And we had data for over 15,000 individuals over 70 years. For the first one or two years. Strength went up like 40 to 60% of boom baseline. Again, obviously you're not talking about Ronnie Coleman here. Or, you know, he's just not Dutch. So it makes sense. Sure. But they were still seeing games after one to two years in terms of strength. The first few was lost. And that strength plateaued after one or two years. But the trend was remained upward. And at the same time because they were like 40 something years old. You could argue that, you know, because age is sort of battling against their games. The fact that they didn't lose strength was good. But we have data on people being able to make games and maintain them with as low as Literally as said per muscle group per week. And that's like they were doing like like press some chest press and luck pool done. It's not like they were really, really like targeting each muscle group with a lot of attention. Yeah, sure. So things are looking good. Just make sure you train and you get something. And if you're trying to maintain, if you're like, if you're having, if you're going through a very rough period of your life, even going to the gym a couple of times per week, yeah, you may not be making a bunch of gains. But hey, you're not losing games. Yes. One recommendation I would like to lay here and please correct me if I'm wrong. But there are, and I've talked about this on the channel before, but I think it always, or at least in this case, it's a good idea to repeat. Your exercise selection can greatly enhance how much efficiency you get out of the gym, or it comes up by call STR stimulus to time ratio. What I like to do is basically a version of compound lifting, where you pick the compound lift that recruits a lot of the musculature. So for example, if you do a wide grip bench, it's technically compound lift. But really your triceps don't get a big stimulus, and your chest gets a huge. But if you choose lifts more like close grip bench, more like underhand pull down, then all of a sudden you're doing compound lifts, but you're check boxing the chest and the triceps. So you can do some close grip benching, some underhand pull ups, some upright rows, some shoulder presses, and right there like, that's kind of your whole upper body. Exactly. At least maintain. Yep. And possibly even grown in some cases, even if you're really jack-or-ready, you do some kind of squatting or lunging movement, you do some kind of hip hinge for the lower body, two movements, you're fucking done. And like if you do that, work out which lasts 40 minutes, twice a week, you will indefinitely remain roughly your same size, but for the ravages of aging. And before someone preempts this in the questions, you will shrink down a little bit and lose a couple kilos in the first few weeks of doing that, mostly because the intracellular swelling of your muscles goes down when they're exposed to less damage. You're not going to look like your like, like, like, packs looking in a shirt, peck the fuck out of his mind, his pecks have pecks. You're not going to look like that, but when you go back to your four days a week of training with normal volumes, I'm telling you guys, within one week, you're going to be like, holy shit. How did I gain back that much muscle? You didn't lose any muscle. You just gained a little bit of inflammatory response back. Totally agree. And that's a very nice message. Essentially this video is a no excuses video, sort of covered up as the same video. But in reality, it looks like if you're somebody who cares about building muscle and being strong, it is very easy to really like, main day. And then if you just throw in a couple of sets on top of that, then you could be looking on meaningful gains. Yes. Like in our studies, the group that was doing just the singles again, like they had some, you know, the 30% chance of making meaningful gain. Less than that. I had a much lower than 30% chance when I was single of making meaningful sexual interactions. But look at you now. Having sex with me after this. Promise, but we'll see if you deliver. We haven't only fans for that. Yeah. The Greek versus Russian. It's not a fight. No, it's orthodox brotherhood. Cooperative. Yes. Well, actually, not orthodox brotherhood. The orthodox Christian religion will not be a proving of what we do behind closed doors. Exactly. The group that did just the singles, when you threw in an additional two sets. So we're not talking about a low of time commitment. They went from like, it wasn't 30% with 13% chance of making meaningful gain. 13. Yeah. To 99. Oh, wow. Yeah. So like you're in the gym. And you got five minutes to spare and you just did your lot pulled down like with a different grip. You do a couple of bicep curls. You do a couple of pushups, a couple of sets of pushups. And then you could be looking at even like it makes a difference at those low volumes that that extra said may make a big difference. So things are looking good guys. That's a great. A couple of oddball questions for you before we kick you off. Greece. You're from Greece. Good place. The best place in the world. We invented everything. But yeah, great place for holiday. Presumably excellent. The 300 movie documentary or slight exaggeration. When I first watched, I was like, okay. So they just wanted the Cropless Museum and just a video of like, that's it. Yeah. I literally my grandfather. Yeah. That was that's literally Greece. Like when I when I was born, they threw me into the ditch. What's that? Oh, the Hago gear. Whatever. Yeah. We can tell you to go fuck off. Yeah. Yeah. That's three months old. Yeah. How jacked was the wolf that you personally killed in your manhood exercise? She's pretty jack. He's Austrian Belgian Belgian wolf. Sorry right here in the room with us. Oh, that's right. My love. My love. I didn't kill him though. He killed each other and by making love. So we killed a school. Yeah. We killed two wolves inside you. I had one wolf inside me. But there was a lot of him inside you. A lot of him. Too much for some points in time. Just cut myself off. Where are people follow you? They can follow me on Instagram. Dr. DR double underscore PHA. Yeah. I mean, I've been messaging the the RPA and the DR dot PHA. And it's like two accounts. It was like zero or like 50 followers. And I give it up every few months. I mess it down. Like, please just let me have your account. Let me have it. Yeah. Yeah. So Instagram is the best place to find. Yeah. And all my links are there for reaching. We were publishing research and you are going to be a visiting professor. Visiting scholar. My word. And where is that? That's where you are a professor at. Lynn Cole even college in the Bronx in the Bronx. If you want to fuck with that, Bronx shit. Check them out. Dr. Milo is another person who's going to be there to check out. On any case, welcome to the United States. Enjoy our. Everything. Get a zero. Actually civilization right there. I cropped is was cool. But this is this is the type of the species that the people. Thank you. Thank you.