Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyridization. The question today is about recovery. How is it different between madty folks and enhanced folks? If you don't know what that means, Google, Google's always got you. So before we get into the differences, we have to get a few caveats and sort of framework items set up. First of all, please give a look. Link is right here to our how much muscles do steroid add video. So basically, we talk about performance sciences and talk about how much muscle they realistically add. In addition to that, we have videos that are madty versus enhanced training and madty versus enhanced diet. But once you watch those, you have a much better understanding of what our sort of take is on how much these substances are effective and to what extent. And it'll basically set you up with just a more holistic understanding of how madty versus enhanced works. And per that above, and these are things I see in those other videos, all enhanced people in my estimate, including in this video, are very advanced maddies that have gotten almost all their natural gains and transition to enhanced after that. So probably after about 10 years of training, it's not folks that start a training after six months, they're like, ah, let's go enhanced in addition to that. Well, not once addressed in this video, not a single time. But what do you can get away with idea of recovery? I remember it was told to me once. I saw two very muscular valene gentlemen at the Arnold that were from Europe and they were walking around the expo. I was like, oh, the cop, those guys are jacked. And someone told me, you know, those guys all take tons of trend. And that's how come they can eat total junk all the time and stay lean. And to me, it's like, you know, if you're going to literally poison your body with insanely bad for your drugs, tell them to use them as crutches, use them as optimalities, right? Like, you get a blow up something in your backyard. Might as well be attached to a rocket to launch something up into space. Some shit like that and just blow up your, you know, old stove and get trapped in your eyes for no reason. So a lot of people will say, well, listen, if I take drugs, I don't have to get as much sleep out on half feet as much because the drugs have any covered. Well, yeah, if you want to take drugs, but get nanny results, you can take nanny recovery mostly away and still get those nanny results. Here we're talking about using drugs to get superhuman results, which means all of your recovery is already sentenced and as good as possible. And then we try to figure out what layer of intricacy drugs add to that, right? So her that we have five points of recovery differences between nanny and hence, sure this is not a completely inclusive list. There's a good enough list to get you guys thinking on the big picture. So first, one dependable thing you get, especially from antibiotics is an increased recovery speed from delayed onset muscle so you still get sore if you train very hard on antibiotics. And if you don't get sore, if you train hard nanny, it's probably not training hard enough. So if you were nating your training XYZM on a set and you were getting pretty sore, that's awesome. If you were healing on time, you start taking antibiotics, you're not getting sore anymore. That's an invitation to train much harder so that you still get sore, but even if you still get sore, usually you heal faster with antibiotics. More quick and you get un-sour quick as long as you're taking antibiotics and you're eating properly and you're sleeping and contracts the amount of time you're sore for, which is very good because you can hit it hard sooner and thus get more growth per any given unit time. Point so yes, drugs help with that recovery very much. Now here is where the interesting thing is start to happen when it's not just okay, open and shut. So to connective tissue recovery ratio starts to go into a huge favor of muscle, a disfavor of connective tissue, which means your muscles begin to heal very quickly. Your connective tissues, here's the complexity. If you take the average general antibiotics, then your connective tissues heal just about the same because there's a few classes of antibiotics that reduce your connective tissue healing rates, trend being an example. Other classes of antibiotics, for example, to one of which belongs is that Equipal is bold and on EQ. It actually increases the speed and completeness with which your connective tissue heals. But on average, those two tend to cancel each other out and you take the average antibiotic, you should not expect a whole lot of help with tendon recovery. It's okay, that's not bad. It's not hurting me. Hold on a second. Your muscles are recovering so fast, they're getting big, so fast that they can outpaste your connective tissue and thus pose injury problems. So if you're enhanced, you have to give some thought to one, taking more of the kinds of antibiotics and there are a few different kinds. That tend to increase the speed and completeness of connective tissue healing. Or if you take the other ones that sort of take away from it a little or just aren't fast enough, you have to make sure to train either a little bit lighter all the time or take distinct periods of much lighter training, alternating with periods of have her training so that the heavy training doesn't add up, add up, and then you snap your shit up. So that's definitely a concern. But I would say on the net balance into neutral direction slash direction of which you're after you're more attentive to recovery. Now, if you take certain compounds, the you recovery is helped on average, but I would say for joint and connective tissues unless you use it in a very specific way, antibiotics tend not to help that problem and if you're training hard, they make that problem marginally a little bit worse because your muscles can get away from your ligaments and things like that, other connective tissues and that strength disparity can increase the chance of injury, just one of the reasons why I see really freaky injuries, mostly in people that use drugs and not natties. Point number three, more bad news. Sleep can be harder to get stimulants. Remember, we're talking about all enhancement stimulants, a clan for example, a trend by itself is a drug and just a huge burden of antibiotics in general makes sleep worse and that's not good. So at some point you take enough trend, you know, it helps it helps to recover and everything helps you grow muscle, but at some point it starts to interfere with sleep so much that the help and the hurt and the set of balanced and any more on top of that is probably in that negative. So sleep can be harder to get and that's a problem. However, point number four, there are other drugs that you can take on enhancement that makes sleep easier to get. For example, growth hormone, dose appropriately, especially before you go to bed and then potentially in the early morning slash middle of the night, can make your sleep deeper and more complete and more recovering than you ever thought was possible after age six or something is sleep like a child. So can you get better sleep using antibiotics? Yes, you have to mitigate or you have to decrease how much total nitrogen load you're exposing yourself to and take the kinds of adrogens, not trend. For example, that don't that minimally interfere with your sleep in an addition to that, if you layer in a healthy dose, so to speak, of growth hormone appropriately timed, then you can get some very, very great sleep better than nattiesleep, especially towards the end of a contest prop can really, really help. But if you're not attentive, you will get worse sleep, which is why when the big illusion here with recovery differences is people say, oh, I take the drugs and I recover better. Wow, sort of. If you don't mind which drugs you're taking, how much in a relationship to other drugs, you can have worse recovery outcomes rather than better ones. Lastly, sorry, second to last, you still need as much sleep as a nattie to make gains. Okay, absolutely do. So this idea that you can be on antibiotics and not sleep and still grow muscle is true, but then you're not getting the optimum result. If you get as much sleep as you would as an nattie, even more with the aid of something like growth hormone, then you grow that much more. Sleep is ultra antibiotic and the most high quality sleep you can get the better. So if you're taking enhancements, it's probably good to take them in such a way that most of the year, at least they enhance your sleep and not take away from it. If you're saying, yeah, I love trying to get to me jack, but it hurts my sleep, it's not sustainable equation. Point number five, pretty much the last point almost last point is that you get anxious and angry or easier. Antibolic tend to increase your central drive. They increase how fast you recover from systemic stress. So if you have a hard workout where you feel like you need to peel yourself up with the floor emotionally, if you're not enough antibiotics, a couple hours later you're ready to go and you're super fucking crazy. That's the upside where you can actually just do repeat ultra hard workouts. However, the downside is that generally you get anxious and angry or easier in antibiotics. So if you're driving through traffic and you're maybe a little bit late to your doctor's appointment, if you're drunk free, everything else being equal, you can be like, you know, traffic's outside of my control. You know, my dentist is an asshole anyway. He's always 20 minutes late. So if I'm 10 minutes late, I'm just saving both of us time, right? On the other hand, if you're in an apocalypse, when somebody cuts you off in traffic, same trip to the dentist and he has a Ferrari, you start thinking, I wonder if I could rip open that guy's car door and stab him with his own car door. Would not be a joyful, just blood squirting everywhere. I'm just blood squirting all over the steering wheel. You just like as his life leaves his body, you get more power. That's how you feel. And then you're like, holy shit, the hell am I thinking? And somebody actually cuts you off and you're like, fuck, and you're super anxious, you're going to disappoint your dentist and what if you can't get your teeth clean? And it's just this every next step in your life is the beginning of the end. That's the slip that breaks your tibia, that you get an infection. And then they take the whole leg and then you're in the hospital and the bills pile up, this is kind of thoughts you have all the time. It's really fun. So the editing side and aggression that you get from antibiotics really does hurt your recovery unless you know how to manage it very well. It takes a lot of sort of psychological presence, mess and practice, right? And it awareness and a desire and understanding that yes, I am, it's psychological disease and I have to practically work towards a state of ease that promotes recovery. So yeah, what's the bottom line here? You definitely heal the muscular tissue level faster. You heal from systemic stresses faster. You probably get to healing faster from being sick. So like a thing I've noticed at least colloquially all that let you guys have the little insight. I'm not sure if it's been studied on a grand scale, although the sum of research that alludes to it. If you're in a ballast, you get sick less often. And if you get sick, you get un-sick quite quickly. So they do help. They do help, however, I want you guys to take the big point away from this lecture is they help with some trade-offs and caveats that have to be attended to, for example. Yes, they help your muscle seal faster, but that presents a potential problem for your connective tissues. Something you have to manage, something you have to stay away from going too hard for too long. In addition, they can help your sleep, but they can also hurt your sleep. They can help your systemic recovery, but through anger and anxiety they can hurt it. So you have to use these things intelligently with the guidance of a coach like broader a Chavez T-Mevil GSP, or like Joe Jeffery at the Physicolective, get in touch with these folks to learn how to do these things. Optimally, if you're going to do it, if you're in a country that allows them to be done legal and if you're not cheating at sport, kudos, but remember, these are powerful tools with powerful good effects and potentially very powerful bad effects. It's not like this pill you take. We just makes everything better. If you want a pill, it just makes everything better when you take it. Ressonspirsation.com, hashtag slash forward slash the pill. It's just limited offer. Just 18 easy payments of 99, 99, 99. 99. It's a lot of money. See you guys next time.