Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for an Assault Spearization, and I want to tell you about how I cut my injury rate from lifting by 10 fold. And I have 24 years of lifting experience. I have learned a ton. And during that time, I discovered a few tips I want to share with you about how you can also cut your injury rate 10 times. Did I sell you yet? How's that for promo? All right, real talk. The 10x thing is just bullshit. It's clickbait. Thanks for clicking on the video. Hopefully we use the 10x, you're injury rate by 10 times in the thumbnail. It's got the video guys. I sounds like good thumbnail to me. We record these videos long before we make the thumbnails, by the way. In any case, but for real for real, I cut my injury rate by a lot, a lot a lot a lot in insanely notable night and day. I used to get hurt really regularly in the gym. And then when I started doing these things, I started doing them not all at once. Slowly but surely I figured it out. My injury rate got reduced a ton. And these didn't just work for me. They work for Jared. Father, I have to be pro. They work for tons of other people that we work with. They're just really fucking sound advice. Now, you don't have to do them. You don't have to use them. But if you want to reduce your injury risk and still get the same or even better benefits from the gym, stimulus wise, strength wise, give it some thought. Here we go. Number one, just straight up better technique. There's a way to lift weights that just kind of lifts them from 0.8 to 0.3 like in the deadlift. You just pick it up and it works great. But there's a way to lift with a bit more nuance where you have the kind of technique that reduces injury risk, probabilistically by at least a small margin. Here it is. When I deadlift, I started deadlifting. I made try to tight lower back. I never had a rounded lower back and was ratcheting up the reps. That took my lower back. A little ding and ping kind of injury rate and just plummeted it to the ground. Retracted shoulders on pressing movements, for example. You leave a shoulder flat out like that. Tons of football players get tons of shoulder injuries in the gym from bedspersoning because they don't know how to bench press properly. In powerlifting, shoulder injury is actually very rare because you've retracted just scapially. You're going to hear more joints are deep back there and safe away from a ton of weird instability and all of a sudden when I started doing that, I just stopped getting hurt. In high school, I would bench like a normal person and I just got hurt shoulder several times. It even was just like a year and a half of lifting and then I had a power lift or teach me how to do a proper archer contraction and I swear to God, I never hurt my shoulder ever again on the bench press, ever. Big deal. I highly recommend just pay attention to technique. No what technique is more likely to be injurious, make sure it's stable and reduce that injurious technique and introduce the technique that gets you hurt less. We have tons of videos on what kind of good technique does reduce injuries, so please go ahead and go with that and YouTube it and maybe Scott the video guy put in a link to one of those videos. Number two, controlling the eccentric. You want to hurt your knees. It's really hard to do it in the gym. The gym's a safe place, but you want to probabilistically increase the potential for you hurting your knees, dive by your squats, dive by your lunges, go quick into the hole, rapidly descend with the bench. Those high forces in that plyometric transition, that's the highest force you'll ever expose yourself to and in a stretched position. It's I don't want to say a recipe for injury, but if you really want to put a fine point on it, yeah that's a good way to try to get hurt. So what you do instead is you control the eccentric. I don't mean like forever. I mean even on a cable curl instead of going, oh like that, just going like that. Even a one second, some semblance of control, but ideally two to three seconds, is going to get you tons of eccentric damage and tons of eccentric mediated growth, which is huge by the way, and will make you huge, but it also really, really, really does reduce the risk of injury. So that's something I started to doing. My injury risk started to doing and my injury risk went down precipitously. How's that for a big fancy big brain word? Number three, D-loading on time. You get to a point where you're just barely matching your rep PRs. Your joints are fucking hurting all over. Your muscles are barely attached to the bone. You have one more week that you planned to train, because like fuck that bro, we got to get after him. You should D-load, but your friends are like, man, let's do another hard couple sessions. You're like, yeah, if they'll get in there, how something happens to get hurt? D-loading on time when you're supposed to, when the logic of training progression dictates it, that is, when your fatigue is really high, and you're barely hanging in with your performance, you're there in the gym to increase your performance. So if you're barely hanging with the fucker you're doing anyway, cut it off, D-load when you're supposed to. Don't try to stretch that post-delode margin. Stretching the post-delode margin, which by which I mean, once you fucking know you're supposed to D-load, but you're like, a couple more sessions. Let's just get it done. Another week or whatever of hard training after you're supposed to have D-load is similar to when you're driving through like, you know, somewhere in the country in the United States, let's say, or as a country's of Europe, yes, excellent. And you're like at the corner tank or whatever sixth of a tank where the empty light comes on and your gas tank, and you keep going. Now here's the thing, a lot of times you're good to go. Couple extra sessions after you D-load. When you drop the weight on the bar a ton, you a ton of eccentric control super light. You're probably modifying the exercises from like squats to like leg presses, something less injurious. You're probably not going to get hurt. So like if you're in a major metropolitan area where there's a gas station every fucking mile, you can ride with like, friends, that light is like for 20 or 40 miles or some shit. You're good to go. You don't have to be like, the light came on, rrrr! Oh, across eight lanes of traffic, buck and kill someone's dog and just ram into the gas station. The gas station blows up in the fumes of the gas go down in the dead dog's body, and then the devil is clearly in that shit and then the dogs are. Ooh. And then that's how Kujo was born. But in any case, look, yeah, the fucking light comes on. Don't worry about it. So in most cases, if you de-load a little late, adjusting a couple of variables, you're good to go about how about this. You're driving through fucking Arizona or Utah or Nevada, and here up as so well developed, there may be no analogy. I drove through Switzerland once and she got a lot of tickets because they have auto-speeder cameras, fucking assholes, that's like $600. Fuck. But anyway, in the mountains, it's what's wrong. They still have fucking gas stations. I don't know how. But if you're driving through somewhere where you should, if fucking light comes on and a commyla way, there's like, you know, pull away and get gas and pee and all that stuff gets snacks and you're like, ah, feel good. But you don't read a little sign of the fine print. You keep driving and it's like, next gas station, 50 miles, and you're like, oh fuck. What happens then? A very, very predictable sequence of an answer to which I will, for which I will now elucidate. Number one, you're like, we're good, we're good, we're good, we're good, we're good, we're good, we're good, we're good, we're gonna make. Number two, car stops, you pull off the side of the road. Number three, tumbleweeds, be good seen in the movie like wind, sun, you're like, oh, it's just nice out here. Cell service, zero bars. Uh-oh. Do I want to walk 25 miles that way to that gas station or 25 miles this way to this gas station? Guess what happens next? Hold out, I'll stop for a second. In your head, think of what I'm gonna say next. Some of you are at the same wavelength right now. We all know what it is. A little flickering light, off in the distance, surely, because I have a cutout, those are people. Oh, or they used to be people. Before the nuclear testing in the 1950s caused multi-generational genetic deformity that hills have eyes. And if you've never seen that movie fucking never do because it'll leave you with nightmares, that's what's gonna happen to you. The D-load of COVID in that shit is you fucking tear a pack or your hamstring goes or your shoulder gets out of place and it's really hurt. Don't stop and random places in Utah and talk to fucking weird fucked up strangers unless you have a high caliber rifle or the sniper or spotter team. Be a great way to redo that movie. Could you guys fucking imagine like you kidded out Marosox snipers? So run out of gas and then the hills have eyes people come out and he's like, oh my god, movie would be five minutes long. I pay hundreds of dollars to watch that shit if you want to make it all watch. In any case, it's just not worth it. It's not worth it. You're not a Marosox sniper. So fucking D-load on time. I used to push it harder and I would get fucking hurt. I'd be like, god damn it, why am I doing this to myself? And then I stop doing that shit and it feels fucking lame. Like you don't feel like a fucking iron brother or warrior, whatever. You have to cut your D-load off on time. Eh? It's worth it. I promise because then you're fresh. You're not hurt and the next mesle cycle goes better and better and better. And you walk in, you see people who the gym that used to be more jacked than you. And they're like, yeah man, fuck, they have tendon, I'm nursing a fucking bias that thing and they're just not getting any better. But you're fucking getting better because you're a pussy and you deal it on time. By the way, you guys notice I didn't raise his hand because I just did a whole lot of jiu-jitsu and it fucking hurts to raise my arm. I'm a fucking moron. Number four. Smaller load progression session decision. Your body is capable of a certain rate of gain and that rate of gain, all things adjusted, is measured in 1 to 3 pounds per week. Maybe at some early phases of your life. Imagine if you consistently gained one pound of maximum lift strength every week for the whole year. When was the last time you put 52 pounds on your fucking bench press or squat or deadlift in a year? If you watch this video and you've been training for a year, one, two, three or four, yeah, sure, last year. But pass that. That shit. That's unbelievable, game. So if you know that you only get one pound half a pound, a third of a pound stronger every week under the hood, all fitness and fatigue dynamics sort of peer through that shit to the real underlying fitness that you have, why in God's fucking name would you add a 25 pound plate on each side of the leg press every fucking week? People do this shit, bro. They go into gym. I used to do this. Four plates for 15 feels good. Guess what I'm doing next session. Four plates and fucking 25s on each side. Now, fuck that, that's pussy shit. Five plates, bro. Why? The real way to get gains safely is to do four plates one week. And guess what? Yes, lap fives are even fucking two and a half on each side. Right after that. What? Put on the real grown man. I can't have people seeing me leg pressing with extra little bit of change on there. My friends will make fun of me, but they'll make fun of you with injured and smaller legs than you. I still get made fun of jokingly, of course, by guys in the gym, for putting two and a half on the fucking shit. Except to like, hey, you want to get into this hacksaw out with me? And they're like, I don't want to go that low with six plates, fuck you. But the way I got to hacksaw out of six plates for sets of 10 is precisely by those small increments. I used to try to make big jumps. If fucking stop doing it, I got better because remember, making small jumps is not something where you're like, in, man, you fucking won't get the gains unless you make big jumps. You got to be a fucking, you got to be brave hard in this shit, man. I'm not afraid of these fucking weights, bro. I put 10 more pounds on the bar. Like, really, just bravery alone gets you fucking jacked, calling me fucking dumb. I want to try it. I got all kinds of bravery. But I don't have as an Italian approach to sport science that keeps me both lower in injury risk and simultaneously way more than enough weekly overload to keep my muscles challenged. And if the five pounds or ten pounds isn't enough, do a couple more reps, God damn it, that's not going to get you hurt, but the extra weight will. So don't make crazy big jumps, try to make a jump smaller and get a smoother progression to your training because you can get a smoother progression for one, two, three, four, mesle cycles in a row. You're going to be really fucking big and jacked. And someone who is much weaker is going to be like, hey, man, what does it take to be fucking big and jacked? Just put more weight on the bar. Just get fucking stronger and you're going to be like, well, no, just put a little bit more weight on the bar. Get the same reps or get one extra rep. Interrate that process over with sporadic delodes for years and then you'll get jacked like me. And nobody ever wants to hear that shit because that's real real shit. They know deep down as the fucking truth truth. Number five, on some movements, eventually as I got bigger and stronger, pauses at the bottom and they stretched somewhat more exposed position did absolutely enhance my injury risk and decrease it for me. So things like pull ups, I'm not bouncing out of the bottom. I'm going to pull a fuck that. I've pulled triceps like that before. Nothing too big, but scary enough to be like fuck that. Bench presses. Don't Google bench press pectares because that shit is scary as fuck, but a pause is not a guarantee you won't tear your pack, but it's sure a shit a good way to start. Squats, you get big and strong enough, pausing your squats both leaves you in that semi-torn quad position at the bottom, which is awesome for growth. And it makes you use less weight in the squat and it eliminates those quick pulse plyometric forces at the bottom, the immortalization phase that result in a slightly increased probability of injury. So just to review better technique, control the centrics, de-load on time instead of milking out longer, small load progression session to session, add less weight to the bar every time, pauses on, at the bottom of some of the movements in which you consider like, I'd rather take a pause this feels low risky and the results will be amazing. I almost guarantee that injury rate is going to go down. For me personally, I just straight up almost never get hurt in the gym. I used to get hurt in a gym like regularly before and it's almost definitely because of these things. Because at the same time, I'm getting older, I'm fucking 38, but I'm not supposed to be getting hurt less. I'm supposed to be getting hurt more, but as you age, hopefully you become wiser and start doing more of this smart shit. People often ask me the question of like, what stuff could you have told yourself back? What do you wish you knew back when you were younger that you know now? And my real facetious but totally true answers like much modern periodization. I wish I knew all the sports hands I did, but one of the biggest things I wish I knew is that I don't need to do egotistical stupid bullshit to make gains. I could have always been doing this shit and getting fucking gains without getting hurt nearly as much because getting hurt blows as many dicks as it takes to make it not a fun time. Because if you love giving blow jobs with your boy, I've been taken third place at the blow job Olympics a few times. I don't think I like to brag about. It's gift. I barely even trained it. But after about 999 dicks, I don't want to see any dicks for a while. Getting hurt is like having 1,000 and 2 dicks. It's 3 fucking dicks too many. And you know, gee, what if you've been around dicks before? Even those 3 dicks can make a big difference. I sure should hope you guys aren't super young or showing this to your class. I had actually won a guy hit us up on the channel as a gay man. I'm a high school teacher and I want to show one of your videos for the kids to be educational and while you said the things you always say, I should have known better. I'm sorry about those kids man. I hope they grew up big and strong without any loot thoughts. Anyway, thanks for tuning in. Let me know you guys think share some of your own wisdom in the comments if you can about the stuff you think. You wish you knew earlier and are only now learning or only later learned. Let's get a little wisdom thing going in the comments. I'll see you in there. I'll pop in. Make some dick jokes and pop right out to go sit in a room alone and think of dick jokes. See you guys next time.