Hey folks, it's me Dr. Mike for Renaissance Periodization and today we are going to venture into Forum specialization training. Well, why wouldn't we? Folks, this continues our series on specializing and targeting every muscle group of the human body to try to make it more jacked. So what if you want to specialize on forum training? Well, first of all, why would you want to specialize in anything at all? Just a couple of sort of big hitter points there. It's easier to specialize in a time-constrained environment. If you only have five hours a week to train, once you become intermediate advance, you can't really do due diligence to your whole body in that time. So you shift some priorities around, really part, has something, depart, has something else. Another thing is just pure aesthetic reasons. Like having big forums is kind of fucking cool. Maybe you look like pop eye, worst case. That's not a bad worst case. Best cases, you know, like any time you have short sleeve, anything, or even like sleeves that end here, people are like, damn, are you a mechanic? Or are you riddic from the riddic movies which would be amazing? And lastly, yeah, you can buy part of your advertising and reducing the involvement of other muscle groups and limiting how much other training you're doing. You can get some muscles to grow bigger than they would normally be, or faster than they would normally grow, by really focusing a ton of effort on them. And of course, whenever you talk about prioritization, people ask, how many muscles can I prioritize at the same time? The answer is, how many, however many, you can do due diligence to training them from for their local specific minimum effect of volumes all the way up to maximum recoverable, without being impeded by systemic fatigue. So, if you can train your chest and buy steps in back and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, all in one week and they feel totally great and you can do that for a meso. And whenever one ends up limiting you for your back, is the fact that your back is physically too tired to keep going and starts to under recover. It's not like your whole body is demand for other exercise, really brought down your, you know, systemic abilities and ideally would have more ability to train your back, which is just so goddamn tired all around you can't do it. However many quality muscles you can throw in there, it's great. Beginners can prioritize everything, intermediates is when it starts to be like, well, if I go ham on seven of the eight major muscle groups, the eighth has to be something I do on maintenance volume because if I try to do it full on, this systemic fatigue rises so much faster than the local fatigues of all the muscles, and they're just having really shitty training over and over and over again. It's kind of like if someone was like, you can you can learn one language at a time. I know I got pride, you know that? What about two languages? You're like, I don't know that's pretty hard. What about 10 like we'll look? Just the amount of hours that have to put into learn 10 languages means I would never sleep, which means I can learn zero languages just as well as I can learn 10. So at some point the systemic fatigue is overwhelming. You have to consolidate and realize what you can train. So the answer to how many muscles you can prioritize for yourself is really, well, try to see how many muscles you can prioritize. And if it's too many to do, and systemic fatigue is way too high and local fatigue isn't high enough, then you have your answer and that that point you say, okay, I'm going to take out one or two muscle groups and see how it goes. At some point you're going to find your equilibrium of how many muscles you can train. And remember this is different answers for different muscles. It's not all replaceable categories. So for example, you can't take out forms, depirorize forms and put in quads because quads do so much more systemic fatigue, summation than your forms do that you, it's not a one-to-one ratio. So you may have to produce calves and forms and traps all the way to maintenance volume to make room for quads. Things like that. All right. So when we say specialization, we mean putting more focus on something to make it grow more. What does that mean we're actually doing as far as program design as concerned? First of all, we have to check the box of specificity. That means that we choose exercises and modalities, like straight sets, down sets, drops, etc., repetition ranges that preferentially stimulate the target muscle. We're not trying to do B plus or C plus answers. We're trying to do A and A plus answers. So you say, well, you know, for my forms, I actually do really well with a lot of grip or work, but I don't really have a grip or so whatever. We look at your serious, about getting as big a forms as possible, save some money for a little bit and get a good grip or because if you've worked with one of the past, the forms are really blew up. You're going to want to put all of your best tools forward. That's definitely a thing. The next thing is prioritization. Especially with form training, this is a little strange of a concept, but a promise it works. You've got to train at least once during the week, preferably multiple times. You have to train your target muscle that you are specializing on, first or very early in each session. A lot of the things, and this is muscles like forums, traps, calves, and so on. Rear delts, typically suffer because almost sociologically, culturally, they just put in the back burner at the very end of a program. Nobody comes in and starts training traps. That's nonsense. Traps are something you do after back or after shoulders. But if you really want to bigger traps, why the hell would you train them only when you're super tired? Just the same way with forms, I will be recommending here that you train forms first in most sessions after which you will train other muscle groups. Don't worry, we'll have ways of getting around the fatigue problem there where you can. Group anything right anymore, but it has to be a thing you recognize objectively. If I want a bigger muscle, I've got to train it all earlier, so it has more energy with which to be trained and gets better results. Frequency. Almost always, slightly higher frequencies, favor short-term hypertrophy results better than slightly lower ones. So yeah, you could train your forms once a week and get pretty good results, but you'd get better results with two sessions and probably better results even with three. So anytime you're trying to prioritize on any muscle forms, included, a slightly higher frequency is absolutely something to keep as a mainstay of your intervention. This is definitely something that works almost every time. It's kind of like, when you decide to bulk up, you eat more food, that's one of the big check boxes. This is similar one, similar in power. Now, how much should you reduce the non-specialized training to make room for recovery? Well, this can be a big deal, because if the rest of your program heavily taxes or forms, for example, you may have such tired forums all the time that you're maximum recoverable volume for forms specific training can actually be quite low. See, damn, my form is get a lot of work from all the other stuff I do. Well, is it quality work? There's just, you get tired, for example, if you're doing pull downs and you're doing a high reps or whatever, but you're a lats or what fails on every reps that you fail on. Okay, let's just pull, but my grip is still solid. Because your grip was very far away from failure. Every single one of those sets, that means every single one of those sets is technically junk volume for your grip, so that it makes your grip tired for when you have to do form training later. But at the same time, it's not enough of a stimulus to make it grow much. It's that dead zone of just like crap, right? Which sucks. Now, can we say that look what you should really be doing is like doing less back work and shoulder work to let your grip be fresh for form stuff? That's a big trade-off. Those are big muscle groups. Can you reduce their volume slightly when you're in a form perversation phase? Yes. Can you not touch them at all and just use like verse a grip instead to grab those bars? Yes, you can, and that's probably the best way forward. Luckily, forms be like that where you can almost completely take them out of the equation. Alright. So, frequency. When you're constructing your specialized plan for forms, my recommendation here is to train forms three, four, even five times per week. Forms tend to recover very quickly. And if you can recover quickly, to perform at your best or better again, you should train again. With forms, it doesn't happen once every week. Usually it doesn't even happen twice every week. Three, four, or five times per week, your forms can recover very, very fast. Ideally, what you do is, when you're looking at frequency of when to train them, you say, okay, I need to train my forms four times a week. But I got it. Back to train and shoulder to train, how the fuck am I supposed to train forms? You already said the prioritization means forms should be train first. So how do I train my forms first? And still have good high quality shoulder or back workout, even if it's back burner workout. No problem. Get yourself a pair of versegrips. Versegrips does not sponsor us at RP or me personally. Unfortunately, versegrips come on just kidding. It's an amazing product. It's basically a lifting strap. It has just one loop. And it's made of this weird sci-fi material that as soon as you put it over a bar, and you just touch your fingers to the top of it, your arm will get fucking ripped out of it, socket before that versegrips let's go in most cases. And that means with minimum effort, you can take your grip completely or almost completely out of all training. So if you do as you train forms first, like hard, four times a week or whatever, and then the workouts that come after, shoulders or biceps or whatever have you, because you use the versegrips, especially for shoulders and back pulling movements, it's really not going to make hardly any difference at all. It's actually a good idea to do these after shoulders, or sorry, do forums before shoulders or before back, because then you have a good possibility to how you expose your forms. If you train forums three times a week, for example, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, you train forms first and then you train shoulders and or back, the main pulling movements for the week. When it's not formed back shoulder training Tuesday Thursday Saturday, let's say it's push training or leg training or something, your forms aren't getting just a little bit of a hit from some back and shoulder training could be doing, which would always keep the fatigue pretty level and really tire out over the long term. This gives a chance for forums to really heal in their fatigue, hit again really hard on Wednesday, really heal through Thursday, hit really hard on Friday, really heal through Saturday Sunday and come back around. So in this way, it actually is a good idea to train because you could totally train your forms before push your before legs and then save them all for your shoulders and your back just to be fresh, you could do that, but really, really part of it hasn't formed, it's probably better to do them on the same day that is before your main pulling work of shoulder stuff and back stuff, and then that way you get a huge stimulus from the form training, no big stimulus from that shoulder or back training because you're using verse of grips and then great recovery times in between. As far as exercises, you can include a core of various wrist curls, cables, barbells, dumbbells, etc. And I would recommend the captains of crushed series grippers. They are the company that makes the most high quality gripper, you have no affiliation, but I've used their shit for a long time, and they make a really good fine grade action of gripper strength because you don't need like the one gripper you can close once and then let go. You need a gripper that you can close for like sets of 10 to 20 reps, hypertrophy range and do that and that will really blow up your form. You'll notice that nowhere in this guide are we talking about the form extensor muscles. One of the reasons we don't is because through most shoulder training, you get a shitload of form extensor anyway. Second of all, it's just not a muscle that gets really gigantic or impressive, and it's kind of like the tubialis anterior of the arm. Like every person that asks for tubialis anterior, a hypertrophy guide, I assume is either joking or deeply involuntarily in salad. Could God, trying to get an insult going, I had to stop, is this right to say, yeah, fuck it off, deeply, deeply involuntarily, celibate or joking. Okay, there's never as far as I can tell, there's never been a serious request for a human being that has sex with other people for a fucking to be absent here in hypertrophy guide. I'm going to assume that's the case with the top of the form. If you guys correct me and really convince me of that something is, I'll put on a fucking how to do this for a guide, whatever. In any case, form flexion is the primary movement, resonant finger flexion, extension, I'm going to leave to you guys to figure out on your cells. Set numbers, just like everything, start with two to six working sets, forms, procession, whatever you feel a bit of a decent pump from, gets you good workout and then loading and reps is really just for the best SFRs. People respond really differently in forms. Some people, like if they use a gripper, sets a five repetitions, blow their shit up like none other for some folks as higher reps, generally speaking because the amplitude of movement for any kind of gripping is small. The amount of time the muscle spends contracting is not that large per rep. And this you need more repetitions to get enough time generating tension to have a good stimulus. Fundamentally, why sets of, you know, four, three, two and one reps don't stimulate as much hypertrophy set per set of sets of 10 and 20 is because they don't get to experience enough time generating tension to really summit that really solid stimulus. So what I would say in that case is definitely experiment, but most people will prefer sets of 10 to 20 and even 20 to 30 in forum training. And that will be the best for most folks. So just know that, you know, up ahead. And of course, earlier in the week is when you do your heavy stuff, later in the week is when you do your lighter stuff, few days off at the end of the week, recycle repeat everything is super good. Of course, as usual, we progress with sets as needed. So if you are clearly recovering way early, for example, you do forum training on Monday, and it's time to do it on Wednesday. And a Monday, just nothing happens. You don't get sore. You're not tired. You come back on Wednesday and just smash PRs. You get even stronger. Feel fresh. Someone's okay. You're forum's tired for Monday. I don't even came and tell you to work on Monday. You could probably benefit from another set next week on that Monday workout because it wasn't even remotely challenging. Once it's challenging and a little bit tough to recover, but you still recover on time, don't change anything. That's the great number of sets. And if it's so challenging that you can't recover on time, you need to work back in the number of sets to make sure that essentially you're getting hit really hard, stimulated by the time you training again next everything is healed so you can hit it again. That's how you pick a good because you are to pick your frequency. You'll see three times a week. Then you adjust set numbers to make sure everything heals on time. It's not overly complicated. RIRs, you know, everything's pretty normal for forum training. Again, this one of our big philosophies that we'd like to sort of put forward on this channel is that if you're trying to hypertrophy a muscle, generally speaking, most muscle hypertrophy in similar ways. So if you were to talk about how do I get more muscular abs, train your abs like any of the muscle, like sets of ten to fifteen reps with compound heavy basics and mind muscle connection and all that shit. I don't know where I thought it was just planks. Like, do you fucking plank for your legs? Oh, how the fuck would you plank for abs? Same idea on forms. And that's one of the reasons why grip holds didn't make the cut for this sample program. You can do them if you get a lot of them. But typically speaking, isometrics don't work as well as isometric plus concentric plus eccentric. So we're trying to do a full range of motion, good movements here, all that other good stuff. Start around three reps in reserve for this stuff. Increase the load and reps, adding two and a half to five pounds on whatever dumbbell or whatever implement you're using each week and or add one to Treps sometimes you need a gripper and you can do a set of ten next time you do a set of eleven next time you do a set of twelve. So on and so forth, keep going up because you can't really change the persistence to the gripper. And it's basically like every other training. So it gets progressively harder until you have to deal with and then repeat. Now here is a sample plan for forearm training. This is something you would do every Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday before back under shoulder training ideally and really you could do it before anything else. First thing you do in your plan. So Monday, you walk in and you do barbell risk curls with a top pause, which means you curl and chop boss for a second you curl back and you curl right. And you do that for three sets of ten to twenty reps, three reps in reserve, do whatever ups you can write it down, sweet. Tuesday, captains of fresh gripper reps, right. My best advice to you is to count the reps very conservatively. So you get the gripper in your hand and you close the gripper completely metal on metal hold for a second relax. Hold for a second, concentrate or eccentric, control the eccentric hold for a second control the eccentric. I wouldn't do this thing where you're like, click, oh, I got it and click and I got it because you know, it's pretty easy to miss reps and then you know your missing reps. But I would say it's convincing closing. So you have convincing repetitions that's basically the technique. It's all work all the same. There's nobody in the sky is even if God's real, he's up there. He's not counting him any fucking reps, you didn't know what he cares. So impressing anyone with captains of fresh grippers and insane idea to begin with. So make those reps convincing is my best approach so that you have good technique and good reps to follow up with. You could be confident, like, yes, I did do 20 reps because I wasn't sandbagging the technique or anything like that. Thursday, Barbara Brooks curls again, this time in a higher rep range. Same technique as Monday. There's not that many ways to train your forms. So sometimes we have to be conservative with exercise selection and be a little bit. Knowing we don't have that many various to choose from. It's okay that the same exercise is repeated twice in one week as long as it's in different rep ranges. It's totally fine. And then of course on Saturday, one arm bench risk curl off the bench. Three sets of 10 to 20 reps, very good. What does that look like if we progress through our whole mesocycle? What is the hardest week look like for that? Well, you look at that. Our Barbara risk curls went from three sets of 10 to 20 reps. Three RIR all the way to zero RIR. Seven sets. All right. So from three sets to seven sets, that's a big increase. Captains of crushed gripper went from three to six. Barvel risk curls on Thursday went to eight. And a lot of these don't have to rest for a long between sets. Generally speaking, once the burn is gone and you feel pretty strong again, go again. And it's okay if you're upstrap off, bunch of sets close to failure. You can get a lot of high quality work done in like two or three total minutes. You can do like four or five sets. No problem because each set maybe takes 20 seconds, 10 second break between sets. And you're going to go again. You don't have to take two to three minutes between these. Can't imagine doing wrist curls and taking two to three minutes between each one. Eight sets. You may actually had not have a pump at the end of all that and just be like a no way that you spent 30 fucking minutes doing that stupid shit. What are our bench risk curls up to six? It's a lot of volume. And I'm using the scarecrow. It's because she is just foreign volume. It's really not that big of a deal. What I do want you guys to do is use the feedback your body's giving you. And understand that if it's giving you a huge pump, it's getting a little bit sore, getting you nice and tired for next time, it's more than enough volume. But if it's not getting you those things, more volume is a good idea. And sometimes it's like eight sets of barbell wrist curls. Like, well, isn't that too much? What are you healing on time for Saturday? Well, yeah, do you get sore like a little bit, but then it goes away or I get a pump, but then it don't even get sore? That you're totally good to go. And remember, this is a workout for a whole muscle group. So your forearms are one muscle. If you do eight sets for them, I don't you do eight sets per session for your pecs and your quads and your hamstrings and your biceps and your shoulder, yeah, you do all that stuff. So don't be afraid. You will also notice that it's one exercise at a time here. Mostly because we're trying to conserve exercise variation. So we're okay with doing more sets with just one exercise. So we don't have to use many other exercises. If you could train forearms, we did two or even three exercises for each forearm workout. But if you have three forearm workouts per week, and you have a total of nine exercises that you even have to use, that's nine, all nine of your exercises in one mesocycle. So what happens two or three mesos later, where some of the exercises become stale, there are so far as drop off, and then what are you supposed to do? When you ran out of exercises, so I really do recommend a forearm workout is almost always just one forearm exercise. All right. Last sort of question here is how long to specialize for on forearms? The ideally you do a training block, which is three mesocycles in a row, take a resensitization or an active rest. You can come right back into prioritizing forearms, or you can put them on the back burner. It really is dealers choice here. As you progress from mesodermes and a mesodermesso within a block, you can prioritize more high repetition stuff, try to experiment with even higher frequencies to see which one you survived the best, or which one gives you the best stuff. Definitely try new exercises. It's really easy to burn through a bunch of variation in forearms training, so make sure that you have some new exercises to try in a lot of times, it's the same exercise, but like one mesocycle you did barbell risk curls here, another mesocycle you do them wide. That almost nominal change in exercise really does help break it up at least psychologically, keep you progressing and keep you excited. Lastly, if all this stuff sounds really good to you, but you need a little bit more help constructing your plan, or making your prioritized plan, we have some really good stuff. These are all links that are below. Exercise video library, almost all the exercises we use, video format with Jared Feather as the person doing them, and myself as the person talking about their technique, we have a muscle group training guide that is a guide to all muscle group training, by itself and it's got all the breakdowns of everything, and it's way more complex than any video I could make, all in one article space, it's really awesome. If some of the stuff stimulus to fatigue ratio, MRVMV is like, what the hell? No worries. If hypertrophy made simple video series, that you can take like, it's I think 16 videos and each one's like an average of five to ten minutes long, you can crank through those, no problem if you want, and then you'll know the terminology and everything will make a ton of sense. If you want a deeper dive, not free is a hypertrophy book, but it's quite cheap. Basically, a textbook about how to train hypertrophy, the theoretical underpinnings and unpractical stuff, it's really good stuff. And of course, if you want to build a custom training plan for yourself, to specialize in whatever muscle group you want, maybe in forms, you can always use our custom training templates, and those are linked below, and they are not free, but they're awesome, which is almost as good as free, possibly even better. Folks, thanks for tuning in, like, subscribe to YouTube things, and see you next time. Thank you.