Hey folks, Dr. Mike Israel here for Renaissance Periodization. Today's video is about how to increase the number of push-ups you can do when everything else has failed. When basic and even what I would call intermediate advice just hasn't really produced results for you, this is kind of like the tip of the spear of more advanced piritization to get your push-ups increased. Our problem here, which is why I'm watching this video, is that you want to do more push-ups, but lately in the last several months you haven't been able to add a single notch or just one push-up per several months, nothing great. You want to do more push-ups. Maybe it's, you know, you've been doing around 30 reps, but you want to be able to do around 35 reps or push-ups in a single set. Maybe it's you haven't been able to go from 15 reps to anything bigger in like a year. Maybe you're going from zero ever push-ups to finally your first push-up. We got all the answers in here for how to make the changes. And when I say conventional attempts have failed to produce results, I mean stuff like first of all, just training hard. As if you go on YouTube comments, you go on much of social media, and you ask, hey man, like, is anyone having any push-up tips? How do I get better push-ups? And someone's like, just train hard, bro. Like, hey, thanks a lot. I'll go try that. You go try it. It doesn't work. A lot of times it does. In this case, for you, it hasn't, which is why I still have a problem. You've already tried doing different grip positions for push-ups. Didn't seem to help. You've tried weighted push-ups. It's a common helping thing, a helpful suggestion. You've tried sets of one to two push-ups at a time. If you've only been able to do a few push-ups, and people say, I'll just do sets of one to two. You've tried eccentric push-ups where you lower yourself with your own power, but then you get on your knees to come back up. They can make getting when more quality to work possible when you're just not very strong in push-ups. And you've tried partial push-ups, which is when you push up to a mat or something and you don't have to go as deep as normal, it essentially lifts your upper body off the ground, your feet are still on the ground, so the angle is lower, so it's easier. You've tried these things individually, and they seem to have not produced results. So you want to improve your push-up ability and you want to take a serious attempt at. This video will be describing to you and giving you sample programming of what a serious attempt looks like, and it's going to take months to actually play out. And you could say, hold on, months with that, what the fuck? I had to be better push-ups like tomorrow or next week or next month. Certainly not months plural, but the thing is, is because you've tried the conventional attempts, it's just not going to work for you to do a quick easy trick. Quick easy tricks usually work for people who kind of have their gains coming anyway, and they're doing something obviously wrong, like not training hard, but you're already doing that. So you're not doing anything obviously wrong. And at the end of the day, you need something effective to actually be able to use and chip away at whatever gains you have coming to you. Say this again in the end, you may not get a crap load of push-ups out of the scheme, but you'll very likely be able to hit some decent PRs. You're not in the running for those PRs if you don't really care. Forward this video to someone you hate and then move along, just kidding. Someone you love, someone you're totally neutral to. That's even better. Here's the outline of how this periodization structure is going to work. First, you're going to want to put on pushing muscle. What the hell does that mean? It means your chest shoulders and triceps are going to want to get bigger. First, why? Because a lot of the reason that people can't get better at push-ups is they've gotten very good, technically it push-ups, their nervous system has integrated their ability to do the push-up motion very athletically and very well, but they're just kind of out of raw material as far as forced generating capacity of muscle to do anything better. If you get a V6 Honda Civic, my preferred vehicle, of choice, of course, and you tune it all to shit at some point, is you get in the most you can out of a V6. Then if you're like, I still want to go faster, someone's going to be like, I think you need a V8 or a V10 man, I think at the end of the road here for V6 that you're running. There are a lot of people make kind of a mistake and say, hey, I want to get more better push-ups and someone's like, hey, what about growing your pecks and triceps? They're like, not a bodybuilder, I just want to do more push-ups and it's like, you ever see people that can do a lot of push-ups? They generally have pretty stacked, chush shoulder triceps and they thought by axe. The second phase is for you to develop what's called basic strength and solid technique in push-ups, which is really, really important because yes, you could have big and strong muscles, much like myself, of course. But you have to practice making sure that those muscles are performing as well as they can for the task of doing push-ups. While you may use a variety of exercises to build your pecks in this first phase, the exercise is used to get your pecks ready to give you the best push-up result possible, maybe at least exercises that biomechanically load the pecks in a similar way, or the technique moves your body through a similar way, it's just more specificity. And lastly, you're going to want to take a little bit of a peaking phase, which usually lasts just a few weeks, maybe a month, to peak for push-ups specifically because you don't want to try to peak when you're not super ready. Imagine that imagine, you don't have to imagine. I've had people tell me this kind of stuff. I try to do a bunch of push-ups yesterday and I try to go all the way to failure with good form. I can't PR. I'm like, I gotcha. How did you warm up? I sort of didn't. I just kind of went and did them. Okay, that's fucking dumb. What was your training like in the last week? Well, actually, the day before I was like super, an unbelievable chest and tricep workout. Okay, so you're so entired from chest and triceps. And you didn't warm up. And you were surprised that you couldn't do more push-ups than I like. In retrospect, no, I got exactly. So if you're going to do all this work of making your chest, triceps bigger, of taking those muscles and the nervous system, making them really good at doing push-ups, you might as well take that last peaking phase, which is the smallest fraction of the whole thing, and tailor your ability to perform push-ups and drop your fatigue in such a way that, on that day, that you're going to test your ability to do push-ups with good technique, you're going to put yourself in the best possible position to have a PR. Otherwise, it's kind of strange. You know, when they get the whole space shuttle or whatever the fuck they're Elon Musk rockets, they're sending to space now, you know, yeah, it takes like a fucking year to make one of them shifts. It's not like they're like, all right, let's launch the guys like, when? I don't know, Tuesday, the at-to-says fine. Let's check my phone. Oh, I got nothing going on. What's the weather like? Bucket. It's not our satellite, shoot it up there, fucking thunderstorm knocks it out, $2 billion just falls back down to Earth useless. They don't do shit like that. They plan ahead. They even check the weather to make sure it's going to be good, and they do a last call for the weather. Sure, you don't have to check the weather for your push-ups, unless you're doing it outside, California muscle beach, as opposed to then you don't have to check the weather also because it's never rains in southern California. And if you're into really, really good music, Google that, at a type of one here I'm deleting. Google that, but make sure you Google it never ends the Southern California comma, and any way you spell Tony is correct. Is the group that's saying that song best is a group called Tony Tony Tony, they're from the 80s and 90s. They're like grand parents now, and they're phenomenal, and that's Tony spelled three different ways. Believe it's three African American gentlemen who are named Tony, I don't call me on that. Unbelievable song. In any case, here we go. Phase one is putting on pushing musculature. We want to do this for several mesocycles, which means like two to four months. Why? Because it takes two to four months to add an appreciable amount of muscle size to your frame, appreciable enough that it actually reflects itself in increased push-up performance. Like if you're sitting in the second seat, the back seat of a fighter plane, I'm a center stick, I don't have 22. And you're like, hey, can we go faster? The pilot's writing you around. He's not going to be like, oh yeah, take the throttle and go, just push it up a little. You're like, it's technically that's faster. You don't want to do a bunch of training in the middle of the camp. I had to push up PR by half a rep. You want to be able to like PR by a few reps or more, which means you're going to need more muscle to do that. We don't want to construct to take your six cylinder engine and construct half a cylinder, and be like, oh there you go, it's a smaller cylinder, it adds power, but a little bit. We want to get another, we want to get two more cylinders, and they're making it a real V8. So it's going to take a couple of months. Again, if you're like, dude, fuck all those couple of months bullshit, I gotta get to push up now. We have tons of way at least two other pushup videos about how to get better pushups fast. And this ain't one of them. So if you're in the front long haul, this is sweet, then you're good for an anyway. During this time, you're going to focus on exercises that add a lot of muscle to the chest shoulder triceps and do it not in a way that is exactly related to pushup, but at least hit similar muscles from some similar directions. Not all because we need to keep variation high early in this plan, because as we go through the plan, our variation is going to go down. The different kinds of exercises we're going to use are going to look more and more and more like pushups until they're kind of just pushups, standard, periodization model. So you're going to be doing bench presses, dumbbell presses, deficit pushups, skull crushers, other triceps work like dips and push downs are plies well, pack flies, and skull crush are pushups for the very advances of consideration I would give to you. And that's I have demonstrated in one of our pushup videos. It's when you have a close grip on a pushup and instead of using your chest and triceps to push up, you leverage yourself back so that you push with your face between your hands and then you extend. It's a skull crusher like the equivalent of what a pushup is to the bench press. This is that equivalent to a skull crusher. It's ruthless. Your share is hell doing a lot of pushups if you can do one of these, but it's a great assistant exercise to help you increase the muscular area of a chyisps, which will not directly make you get it pushups, but later when we reach each that muscle, how to do pushups, it'll be a lot better because it's going to be bigger. This part of the plan is a very similar for people of all levels. Because remember, we have three levels, folks that are struggling to do their first couple pushups, even their first, folks that are like that 15 range or so, and then people that are in the 30s, 40s, 50s plus, and it works for all of them because you need more muscle to do more pushups no matter what. Now, if you're doing 80 pushups in a row, more muscle might not help you much because you're kind of in an endurance sport, but we're going to scoot those people aside and say, good job, you're doing well anyway. Maybe someday I'll make a video for people who want to do hundreds of pushups. We can call up 300 pushups tomorrow. Fucking sell my soul for this bullshit clickbait. In any case. All right, so this phase is similar for everyone, and it looks something like this. This is a sample plan. I'm not going to talk about it much because I could just read off the fucking screen or I can let you guys do it. So feel free to pause the shit. Take a look at it. What we're going to notice is it's 40s a week of pushing mostly sets of five to 15, five to 20 reps. That's going to build a lot of muscle size in the chest and shoulders and triceps. And it's lots of variation. That's one of the ways that you can train. So often is the volumes are pretty small per session. It's only two exercises at a time. And the variation is so high that you kind of do in something different every session, which means there's no super high risks just burning completely out. Now for full disclosure, I can't do this because my muscles take longer to heal. So I might be able to do this like two or three times a week, but you can do it up to four times a week. And if you're responsive, this is great. There are no set numbers next to these because set numbers are individual based on can you recover by the next time you're doing this? If you can and easily add a set here or there. If you can't, take a set of way or keep it stable. It's just that simple. Ideally, you want to recover just on time. So for example, if you got the Tuesday workout and the Thursday workout, after the Tuesday workout, Wednesday, you should kind of be like, oh, pucks a little slow tender, try a little tired. And then Thursday, you should be like, all right, man, I'm fucking golden. I'm super strong. That's how you determine volume. Super easy. All right. Now let's say everyone got through phase one, which took a few months. And everyone has bigger thresholds and triceps. The muscles critical to being able to do pushups. Phase two is going to look a little bit different for how strong you are. First one, I'm going to talk about is phase two for folks that can do between zero and four total pushups. It's just a big deal. Doing your first pushup or getting three or four pushups is a post to last time you tried you just could get one. That's arguably way more relatively impressive in the soul than it is like, you know, to go from 15 to 16 or something like that. So first, you are going to design a plan that makes your muscles better at the target rep range you eventually want to hone in on. So for these folks, it's going to be a lot of sets of three to six reps sets of even Monday to reps, now on occasion, because that's what you want to get really good at. You're still going to use plenty of variation. And you're going to approach the target rep range from both above and below, which means some days of the week during this plan. Let's say you're really gearing in to do five pushup reps as an example. It's a zero to four pushup. Three pushup reps. Some days of the week, maybe one day of the week, you'll be doing lots of sets of one to two pushups, maybe heavy, maybe loaded, maybe some a little bit harder, maybe to a deficit, tougher than normal. And then another time you're going to be doing maybe sets of all five or six pushups, which is a little lower, a little higher. And then maybe you'll have one day of the week, which hits close to that target. That way, it keeps stale this down, because I just try to do sets of three all the time. Well, burn you a fuck out guaranteed, but it keeps you so close to the actual thing that you want, that it's all Gucci and you're going to get a really good training response and eventually bring yourself to a state where you're ready to peak and really show off. Additionally, the exercises included in this phase versus the last phase phase one, what you should do in exercise that kind of made you sort of resemble that pushups a little pit some of the same muscles, but this phase now is more seriously looking at stuff like, okay, how much like a pushup is this, getting it a little bit more specificity to pushups, even so much as reintroducing pushups themselves. One big thing you'll notice is that, oh back to that plan here. If you look at the plan from the last slide, there actually is very little actual pushups being done, as a matter of fact, zero. The closest thing is on Thursday, there's a deficit weighted pushup, but a deficit pushup is different. The regular pushup stops at a different point that total duration of the pushup is different where your muscles are taught to reengage and push back up versus slowing the eccentric is different as well. So we're really getting away from pushups altogether and now we're going to start reintroducing them at least exercise look a lot like them, deficits and partial pushups, but definitely a chance to do pushups themselves. We're for sure going to do lots of pushups themselves in phase three, the peaking phase, but we're going to save that for just a little while from now. One of the big benefits of leaving pushups the hell out of that first few phases is it really allows you to reduce the stailness and also the psychological toughness of pushups because if you've been stuck at a lift for a long time, a specific lift, pushups, pullups, call it low bar squats, doing that lift psychologically, fucking awful because you're like, here I go, being fucking weak again, not hitting PRs again, but a lot of times you've trained that lift so much, trying to get it to go up, which is smart on your part, because specificity is a big deal, you end up just kind of overreaching on that lift and it becomes really stale for you and it just aggravates you physically psychologically. So by moving away from it, you can really, really, really build some awesome muscle while at the same time making that lift in this case, the pushups super fresh when you come back. And as you guys all know, new begames are a real thing. So if you're making fresh pushup gains with now bigger muscles, that's a fucking big deal. All right, phase two for the folks able to do zero to four pushups currently and want to do a few more. On Monday, you'll see that we are going heavy in bench press, which is unrelated. And on Wednesday, we're going heavy in knee pushups to a really big deficit. On top of that, we are doing some lighter work after all those, could we go high and low like we will with the other groups of folks? Yes, the thing is zero to four reps, there's not much to be gained from going low, because it's just super stressful, low volume max attempts. So most of the folks that are in that zero to four pushup group, they need a bit more repetitions and volume simply because it will add more muscle mass and continue to add muscle mass even through this phase and give them lots of practice at these pushup and pressing movements. So notice a big thing is that the volume is lower because the overall frequency is lower. This is harder training now, much more focused training and they're stronger and bigger from their last phase. It's three days a week and Friday, you'll see there's only skull crushers because we want to give the chest and shoulders a little bit of a break so you can come back fresh next Monday and hit bigger and bigger numbers. Phase two for folks that can do sets of five to ten pushups and want to do more like maybe 15 or something like that. Still exactly the same approach as for the other folks, except much more of a distinct high low pattern, which means if you look at the sample plan on Mondays, these folks will do sets of three to six reps. That's lower than five to ten on average if you keep in count. And then on Wednesday, these individuals will do some other work that's in sets of 10 to 15. So we got a low and we got a high Friday if you're good at guessing, it's sets of five to 10 actual pushups at one to two reps and reserve and it's competition style slash cadence, which means you are pretending that there is a video camera and I'm one of our stopwatcher a metronome and someone's counting. You do the pushups exactly like you plan to do them in competition, which means no bullshit, no intentionally slower e-centrics. Boop, boop, boop, however you do competition pushups, that's how you want to do them because here begins two things. One great, right, we got a low, we got high, we got right in the middle, so we checked that's the middle five to ten. But also we're getting ready to really configure our abilities for pushups specifically. And of course after that, we'll do some score crushers and get the fuck out. That's not a very hard day Friday. It's a little bit more of a little bit of a stimulus. Drop some fatigue for low volume and sharpen the tip of our spear a little bit more for pushups every single week. Now, folks who are in that 30 plus range, like I said earlier, 30 is just a kind of a place holder for really high reps you can do anywhere between 10 and 50 plus reps and all these upcoming examples work. Again, the basic outline is the same. You're going to design a plan that hits into that target rep range a little bit above, a little bit below right at. We're going to be doing a little bit more specific training and more pushup like movements including pushups themselves. So on Monday is our slightly heavier day for these folks sets of 10 to 2015 to 2020. And on Wednesday, it sets of 15 to 20 and 30 to 40, so we're going over what we typically do. And then on Friday, we have a more challenging version than a regular pushup, so it's a deficit pushup for sets of 15 to 20, which will buck you up really bad. And skull crushers are now for sets of 30 to 40 repetitions. Why? Well, because you need triceps endurance to do lots of pushups and triceps endurance with high repetition skull crushers, that's just how you get the job done is going to suck yes. Are people going to be confused looking at you? Yes. Is it going to hurt? Oh, yes. Are you going to get to a place where you're doing pushups and you're trying to sub-sunt cramping anymore? Absolutely. Which is great. All right. Lastly is peaking. Peaking is about building a plan that gets you the performance you want when you want. As nobody gives a shit if you do XYZ pushups, a loss that's on TikTok. And if you can do more reps than TikTok video limit allows, you win TikTok. Your gift is the Chinese government takes over your life. Maybe I'm kidding, maybe I'm not. In any case, if you want to take this really seriously and I suppose yes you do because here you are watching this video about very seriously taking pushups, you want to say about four weeks total, including your last week just before you test the pushups. And generally speaking, these peaks are going to look like if you're between zero and four reps for pushups, you're going to peak a lot like a power lifter does. If you're in that five to ten range, you'll peak more like a strong man so you can do like 15 reps or something. And if you're in the ten plus plus range, which means like shit, you know, out there in the 30s, you will have an interesting peak that looks a bit different than most of the stuff you've seen before, but the common core because you may not want to use these sample programs. You may want to make your own program, which is almost always a better idea. So intellectually you want to know what the common core is for what peaking looks like for all of these things. And here it is first, as the competition gets closer, you're removing less specific work. You're going to do some dumbbell presses and flies and a lot of other stuff early potentially, but as you get closer to peaking, it's just kind of with us down to mostly just pushups. Because your body has really to get good, good, and only pushups and all of the really great qualities about the other movements you're doing, they are adaptations that you can keep for weeks on end without training them much, which is sweet because then you can train the only very thing you need and allow all of your resources to go to. Second thing is you're going to be reducing RIRs, reducing reps and reserve, which means going closer and closer and closer to your limits. Then you rest a little bit and then go all the way to your limits. Makes sense because you have to adapt in such a way that you can't just do all your pushups, sets five reps away from failure and be like, yeah, like I'm doing enough volume, I'll get good at these. You will get good. But a lot of the getting good of peaking is learning how to grind in that last few reps. And the only way you're going to learn how to grind in the best way possible is fucking grinding. So you get a little bit more grindy towards the end. No matter the reps you're doing, and lastly, you want to reduce kind of end-run fatigue. One of the reasons why we pull out a bunch of exercises that are unrelated is because we don't need them anymore. Another reason is because everything we got out of them, we now can put into pushups. Another reason is, well, we want to limit the amount of fatigue they cause and increase the amount of training we can do for pushups themselves. And the last reason is we just want that whole system's fatigue to come down so that when you're in that last session, you're testing your pushups, you feel spri as fuck. You don't want to come into a testing session for pushups. And someone's like, hey, how's your training band? And you're like, amazing bro. I'm fucking ready. And they're like, are you? You're like, not really. I'm sore. That's fucking tired of shit. I hate pushups. I'm so interesting. That sucks. You don't want to do that. You want to come into a situation where you've reduced the volume substantially. Such that. When it's time to do pushups and test, you can't fucking wait to do a bunch of pushups. So, peaking sample for zero to four pushups is right there. I'm not going to describe the whole thing because that would be preposterously long. What I will say is this, you'll see here things like deficit pushup on the eccentric me on the concentric. Let me tell you what that is. You do a deficit pushup, which means you put your hands on mats in their space in between. And you go below where your chest is. Nice and deep, big stretch, two or three or even four inches below. And I know something about that small number of inches. Hey, I was going to say what your kids were going to hear there. Then again, what do they know? We're talking about. In any case, you're doing an all pushup off the feet. Super deep. And then when you get down, you get down on your knees, which you're probably used to from your day job. And you push up off your knees, which is easy. But that allows you to get a huge eccentric destruction, but then still come up. You get all the benefits of a full range of motion, eccentric phase, specific to what you'll be doing in the actual testing the pushups. But you may not be able to come up concentricly from a deep pushup because you can only do zero to four pushups at this point. So this makes it a very, very good tool for that. They got a Monday, Wednesday, Friday thing. And then we have some modifiers as to what to do in the last week. For example, if you scroll all the way down to Friday, you'll notice that you just do one set of competition style pushups that last Friday. What? Why may even go to the gym? Because that one set gives you practice, like an athlete, nervous system practice, and metabolic stuff in order to get you to basically just not get any worse at pushups. But because you're doing so little work, your fatigue is falling down. Such that when you come in next Tuesday, notice extra day, normally you'll train Monday, Wednesday, Friday, in this plan, you come in on Tuesday. Why? That extra day gives you an extra break. And the last thing you did was Friday, you just like one fucking set of some shit. And there is a flat press machine in here that you also do on most Fridays that you don't do any more on that Friday. You literally come in and do one set of pushups. And then you come back Tuesday and do warming up and do your big set. Right there, just over to my scotch of it. Are you guys at what the shoot appears? Excellent. I was the hear the whole time. You're going to want to make sure to take a nice warm up and that's detailed right below. Do not just come in and start doing pushups. Or maybe it's just a warm, warm, warm, warm, warm, warm. You can try it every other day. But you get one good solid fucking decent try at this. You want to be nice and warmed up. Next sample plan for folks that are conducive. It's a 5 to 10, 5 to 15 pushups and want to do a few more. You'll notice the similar structure, a few differences. Again, there's that removal of shit in the last week. It's a really big deal. Feel free to pause this and really take a look at it. Just screenshot it on your phone, copy it down, use it yourself. No problem. Just give me all the credit. I just want all the credit for everything you've ever done. Is that too much to ask? I'm going to like shit like, oh hey, like got this RP strength pushup thing and I did five more pushups and asked my wife to marry her and I want a new car and a sweepstakes and it's all thanks to Dr. Mike. He's great. He did it all. He has friends. That last one's a hard cell. Try that. See how much you can give me credit for shit. Phase three for folks doing crazy pushups is intense. There is a lot going on. One thing you will see that is going on is on Monday. We have a very tissue disruptive day. There is deficit pushups which fuck you up. There's competition style pushups which fuck you up because you're so good at them now. You can do a lot and really get tired. There's a crap load of skull crushers with a whole shit load of volume. On Wednesday you will notice that you actually just go to mats to a partial pushup and you save a lot of fatigue. Most of the fatigue and pushups comes at this bottom stretch, also most of the benefit. So think of Monday as a big big data push some games. Wednesday as a day to take it a little bit easier and then Friday is like a mini test day. Now you will do some flat machine pressing after blah blah blah. But you do sets of three to zero RR and every single week you chop off a rep and reserve. And of course it's just one set in the last week and that last week set you cap a three to five reps and reserve. Last week is super easy. But you basically have the structure where Monday is really tough. Some of Monday's fatigue will carry over into Wednesday. Wednesday is much easier and then Friday you generally feel pretty fucking good. Which is sweet because Friday is when you're kind of going to start to get close to your your show up and a first thing you do is sets of competition style pushups. So in this peaking style, another benefit is it's not just like I do these weird science things and then hopefully you're going to pushups and if every Friday you find out where you are, if you're like, well, that was like two reps and reserve and I hit 42 pushups like fuck man up here and already this is great. You're certainly going to have an idea of how things go. But here's the really cool benefit of this kind of system. The Friday is tougher. Sorry, Monday is tougher. Wednesday is easier. The last week Monday is still pretty tough. Wednesday is pretty easy. Friday is super fucking easy and then you don't compete. Show off until next Tuesday. That means that by the time you get to next Tuesday you are going to be so fresh and so limber and so fucking ready to do pushups physically and psychologically because it's going to be like almost a week since you kind of trained pushups or anything remotely chest tries up hard. Promise you you're going to be like, oh, can't wait. I'm going to be on the bus going to the gym. Some old ladies going to bump into you. You know, usual. She's like, sorry. I need your like fuck bitch. I don't push you up. Don't do that. You'll go to jail. But in any case, think it before we show up to the gym. All right. Last thing, I'm not going to read it out loud. Catch that bottom of how to warm up for pushups if you're in this position. It's a little lacky, but it works. Hey, it's kind of my advice on everything. In any case, here's the thing. What can you expect doing all this as far as typical results? Well, you're going to expect to do a lot of work. This is a lot of work is required to make the kind of changes that you have to make. If you're in a position where making change is difficult and you are, that's why you're watching this video. If I was like, hey, easy changes, we wouldn't say any of this stuff about hard work. In addition to this, I want you to be super attentive to modifying the plan on volume and frequency. That is how many sets of procession you do and how many sessions you do per week based on how your body responds, which is to say performance. If you notice, if you do pushups three times a week, you just tend to make better games than if you do them four times a week or any kind of pushing workout, force too much. If you notice that you've done two and it's worked okay, but you add a third and it works way better, three is better. They want to soreness. We want to make sure that almost in every case, except for that last thing I describe or Monday is really hard and Wednesday is pretty easy, you want to just not be sore or at least very sore and the packs and shoulders and try steps before you begin your next pushup workout. If you are getting to sore, there's two ways to fix it. The best way to fix it is just do less volume. Last time you did five sets of pushing stuff and you got sore, Monday, did five sets of pushing stuff, you're still sore Wednesday, do four sets next time. Do three sets next time. All the sets will add up by promise. You want to show up, ready to roll for all of your workouts. The other way is to say, okay, I'm doing some kind of push training four days a week and I'd have to do like half a set to not get tired and sore for my next workout. Well, then fuck that, fuck the four. Just go to three or two and it seems like you just take a little bit longer to recover. Later, you could start to get much better at recovery and add a session. No problem. Just be mindful of that. Sometimes there's not a whole lot of volume moving you can do. You're just training to God damn off. There is no golden set number. Somebody set should I do is a question that has no answer except for the best possible answer, which is how many sets can you get a decent stimulus from and also recover on time. Really kind of the same thing. If you can show up every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, for example, your chest rolls and tries to pretty healed up, ready to go hard again. That's the amount of volume that's probably very close to being best for you. Some's like, no, man, 10 sets and everything is great and you do that. Extracts your shop sore and tired and more sore and more tired every single day for two weeks. You're going to have a bad time. On the other hand, someone's like, man, it's all about one set. I read the science article that said once first set, your best set's just do just first sets only broach, one set every day and you're like, all right, you do it and you're like, hey, I was in warm up. That's it. It's it, man. You're going to get strong and tell you come back a bunch of weeks in a row doing one set and you're like, I think getting smaller and weaker, they're not enough of the stimulus. Don't follow the pack. Don't follow the trend on this. Start out with a small amount of volume just a few sets of everything. If you're recovering really well and on time, add a little bit. If you're recovering way, way ahead of time, add a little bit and you might have to do that a few times, but if you're really pushing the recovery boundary, you're feeling a little bit tired day to day and a little bit sore, do less. Folks, I'm going to say this once, but I'll probably say it a bunch more. Doing less is something that we in the iron culture, so to speak, are afraid to do, but we're insulting our own intelligence because if your system is maxed out in adaptive capacity here and you're like, fuck, do less, bro, and you do this much, you're a fucking moron and you're overstrushing the system and you will get worse. Period. It's okay to do less as long as you're not bullshitting yourself and just being lazy. But the good thing is it's really easy to figure that out. You know when you're being a fucking, I was going to say another really, really bad word. Starts with a C and it's something women say to each other when they're very upset. Don't be that. Be honest with yourself and do as much volume as hits that little goldy locks middle of the road zone of solid, good workout, but I can still recover for next time and don't put any value judgments on her. You're going to want to compare, like how much, how many sets do you do? Random Jim friend. It's cool to know, but at the end of the day, who gives a shit because you have two different bodies. Unless you have the same body. That sounds cool. Like twins, maybe? I don't know, you're two consciousnesses in the same body. Weird. Would you touch yourself? I'm going to stop. This is not that kind of channel. All right. Doing this, it is possible within G's 48 months, half a year. So to put like five reps or more on your pushups, I know that is not crazy. But you're here because everything else didn't work. Here here because six months ago, you had the same pushup PR as you do now or better or like you PR by one rep and last six months. So if this is not impressive to you, do something else. Do go type in Dr. Mike pushups enter on the YouTube search and then we have a shit load of videos and how to do that. If you do need this, then you could be in a position where it work as well as it does. And as usual, the verbatim stuff of where I put bench and skull crushers in this Monday Thursday, that all makes sense in the context of a hypothetical plan. Apply to some random lifter. You're not a random lifter and you're sure it's held on hypothetical. You're a real person. What you have to do is take the concepts away. Like the idea that a peaking phase tape is down. The idea that you first build muscle then get good of the thing, then peak. Those are the concepts I want you guys to take away from this so that you not only can build your own pushup to perfection plan, but let's say one day you're working out the gym and this gorgeous, this got to be like, give me a hair color. But Jesus, boring, this gorgeous blonde, just living her life her hair is fucking doing this, doing that just tons of hair. Like a super sand except down like to her knees. This is getting weird. Anyway, she walks in and she's like, hey, you, can you help me do more pushups? You do have to fuck somebody else to do it. And you're like, wait, I know how to do this because I've seen that stupid doctor mic video where he makes weird analogies at the end. Did he have a problem with the thing I can't lay at home? See you guys next time.