A lot of people look at pre-workouts and they go, oh, well, I don't know if fish was chemical stuff. It's gotta be bad. And they go, okay, how? I don't know. Who knows, he's got chemicals in it. Well, you're made of chemicals. And I just breathed into exclusively chemicals. And so did you, if you breathe, if you're not breathing, that's probably a bigger problem. Hey, folks. Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. Today's video is to ask you answer the question of, is pre-workout unhealthy? You're gonna hear a lot of stuff online about this, because a lot of people use pre-workout. And a huge fraction of those people are somewhat health conscious, making the claim that pre-workout is unhealthy, is gonna get you a lot of clicks and views and your reels and stuff. And sometimes there's some good points and other times it's a bit exaggerated. So let's take a look. First of all, what the hell is pre-workout and why do people use it? It is typically a supplement, usually in powder form that you mix with the water. And it's taken before training to boost energy, focus, and performance. It gives you better workouts on the output side. Most of the formulas that are effective contain caffeine and potentially a few other stimulants, they can also have pump enhancers, things that make you look more swollen during a workout, nitropic, basically drugs that make your cognitive state a little bit better than just a crazy psychosis of caffeine, and sometimes endurance boosters like beta-alienes so that you can get a few more apps going. You're used to fight fatigue. If you're really tired, pre-workouts can be really effective. They can improve work quality, give you a couple extra reps at the tail end of all of your sets and really allowing you to focus in on an mind muscle connection. And you can get a situation where you feel more hyped to train, which feels awesome. And it feels so awesome that some people become kind of psychologically reliant on pre-workouts, feeling they kind of need their pre-workout to feel like they're going to have a good session. They might also have very good sessions, not a pre-workout, but a lot of that pre-workout hype that you get is ends up being a little bit placebo effect. It's definitely a real effect there, but a lot of it is, you know, you know, you want the effect, you expect the effect and sometimes I can mean like, hey, I'm working out. I need pre-workout. Scott, you ever had people joke around about like, if they're going to train, they have to have pre-workout. Oh, yeah, everybody. 100%. That's a good thing. So many people. Yeah. And it's like, we know that's not true, but they sure don't want to believe that it's not true. So there's a reliance thing that we'll address a little bit later on. What specifically is in pre-workouts? The main ingredient is caffeine. A lot of the other stuff does some minor things. Caffeine is the heavy hitter. It's the main stimulant. It ranges from milder versions of pre-workouts being about 100 milligrams, which is like a so-there's strong cup of coffee. All the way up to the more extreme versions being 400 to 500 plus milligrams. A thousand milligrams a day is a preposterous amount of caffeine, and represents the safe limit for most people. Above that, you can be okay, but it's not a guarantee. To have one pre-workout product have 500 milligrams of caffeine is kind of a lot. Sometimes it makes sense. I believe though, you used to be at least back in the day, the Ronnie Coleman workout series of supplements had 550 milligrams of caffeine in a single dose. And it's like, boy, if you're running coal on you, if those kind of weights, that might make sense. If you're a lot of other people, it could make sense, but you definitely have to look twice to see, do I need this much caffeine and can I tolerate this much caffeine? Beta-aline is an ingredient. You'll see often in pre-workouts. It causes the tingles and makes your skin feel like you're rubbing like some kind of rough sweater on it. It's kind of I hate the feeling. A lot of people like it. It does help a little bit with muscular endurance, which you have to take it consistently over months for to increase your buffering capacity. You basically, the lack to gas it doesn't hit as soon and you can get a couple more reps in. It could be helpful for eye-perrophy, but a lot of people like the tingles because it kind of lets them know the product is working, which I still super cool vibes. I don't get it, but it's a thing people report. And a lot of time you'll have like central and malate or a variety of different kinds of nitrates. These improve your blood flow and muscle pumps. The research on them is that typically do not result in any bigger muscle gains. But part of the reason why you train is to get more jacked. A part of reason why you train is because you can look cool on your at the gym. If you have a harmless way of making yourself look cool, even if it's unhealthy you get more jacked, it's kind of dope. So I don't ever want to shit on pump supplements. I think they're great. Just as long as you know, like, there's not like a real big effect. If any on long-term gains, but if there's a cool psychological effect, like, hey, might as well. It's the same thing as like wearing a string or tank top versus wearing a sweater. You don't have the same performance in both, same muscle gain in both, but once you're nice and juicy, getting that string or tank going, flashing a nipple to stay see across now. That's going to go. So you're going to jail for that one. You know, I'm saying in most muscular, whatever people do in the gym, real people with real friends. Another one is creatine is sometimes included now. This is an example of what's typically called pixie dusting in the supplement industry. You put a little bit of everything into it, so you can put it on your label. A lot of the things aren't in the dose or in the frequency necessary to actually have the effect. Creatine accumulates in your muscle cells over time, and I mean, like, days and weeks. And then you just keep taking it to keep the levels higher. So creatine pre-workout has no acute effect. You will not get a better workout if you take creatine right before. You will not get a better workout if you take creatine right before three consecutive days. You've got to go for like a week, week and a half, and then it starts to make a difference. I recommend you take creatine either the morning or the evening with all the rest of your supplements, just like, you know, scoop it, chug a little bit of water. Creatine is a thing that in pre-workouts looks like it makes sense, but it actually doesn't. And so really good pre-workouts don't have creatine. On the other hand, a lot of really good pre-workouts do have it. And the number of reasons why they have it is the research teams are real smart. They know it's not an essential ingredient. But unfortunately, the way marketing works and the way kind of like people's intuition about the stuff works is a lot of folks will be like, hey, yeah, like, um, this one has creatine. This one doesn't. I'm going to buy the creatine one. And so like the scientifically minded pre-workouts that don't have a supplement, you don't need in it end up losing out on market share to supplements that have looked like they have everything. So a lot of companies, even good companies that make a fine product, will put creatine in there just to appeal to tick tockers that never bothered to go search on the internet or talk to chatchipyte about this creatine really timed well in my pre-workout. I'm not even blaming techtalkers because it's like, how would you know and ask that question? It's like a workout supplement should be in my pre-workout, right? Makes sense in reality not how it works. They also have some new tropics in there. Things like Elfine and AlphaGPC, Tarrine. A lot of these do a little bit of boosting mental focus, but mostly what they do is they smooth out the crazy restless anxiety of your caffeine high and allow you to be like this perfectly smooth, executing work machine. That's cool. These definitely have value just that 300 milligrams of caffeine is a bad time for most people. 300 milligrams of caffeine plus plenty of AlphaGPC, Elfine and things like Tarrine. All of a sudden, yeah, there's a high probability you just feel really focused really awesome versus feeling like you know you're having a panic attack. So that's basically what's in a lot of pre-workouts. Let's talk about why pre-workouts and how pre-workouts can be unhealthy. Basically there are three ways to do it. One is having more than a thousand milligrams of caffeine per day total with the inclusion of pre-workout. That's just bad news and nothing good will happen from that in most cases and plenty of low-level bad stuff, exhaustion and saying the low sleep quality, you know paranoia, all the other crazy stuff for way too much stimulants, heart rate goes up, blood pressure can go up, that great for long-term health and just too much. The other way is if you have pre-workout after the early afternoon like three, four p.m. and later higher dose caffeine and other stimulants definitely disrupt your sleep quality. This happens to almost everyone. Even if you're one of these people that can fall asleep no problem after having eight cups of coffee, your quality, your amount of deep, restorative and REM sleep is a lower. So you're actually getting less jacked or secreting less growth hormone, you're burning less fat, you're building less muscle and you're recovering less, simply because you're having pre-workout too late in the day. For the very sensitive to caffeine, it can even make falling asleep tough. So if you have a 7 p.m workout, you take pre-workout for it and loving you're trying to fall asleep and bad and you're just like laser burning the ceiling with your eyes, that's not recovery, that's not restoration, then you get six hours of sleep instead of eight, that's going to start to kick you in the dick. All of the benefits, all of the benefits of having really great workouts with pre-workout are completely crushed out by missing even an hour of sleep regularly. I have to say that because that's the way it works. Now, that being the case, that's really all the downsides, mostly, all these pre-workout. So if you use a moderate amount of pre-workout earlier in the day, it's totally cool. If you only use enough to get you a kick and not an amount that you're not sure if you're going to retain your sanity. And you can sleep normally with high quality and it doesn't cause you to have panic attacks or anxiety. And your sleep quantity is unaffected because you can fall asleep on time, you're probably good to go. A lot of people look at pre-workouts and they go, oh well, I don't know if it's physical, chemical stuff, it's gotta be bad. Like, okay, how? I'm gonna go, whoa, whoa, there's a lot of chemicals in it. Well, you're made of chemicals. And I just breathe in exclusively chemicals and so did you, if you breathe, if you're not breathing, that's probably a bigger problem. Pre-workouts are totally cool. As long as you don't get into a situation where you're taking a much past two or three PM on your typical day and you're not taking a crap load of them and your caffeine overall isn't excessive, which means coming up to and exceeding a thousand milligrams a day. Which sounds like a lot, but then you look at us some people live their lives and I do. You've been dunking 1500 milligrams for a long time. How do you know if you're using pre-workout right? Because you can be like, I think I'm getting good sleep. I don't know. How do I find this out? So let's find out if your pre-workout uses Gucci or to use moreybonics, not a family. I'm good, Gucci, and not a fan. After you use pre-workout early on the day versus days on what you don't train or don't use pre-workout, do you have more trouble falling asleep? Do you have lower sleep quality? Lower sleep quality typically means that you feel like you've never gotten an in deep sleep. You wake up in the middle of the night and you're like, but I could just like go work right now or something. You typically don't have as many deep dreams or anything like that. That's a definitely situation which your sleep quality is lower. A good way to see if your sleep quality is high, good, not great, but it's better than nothing. If you wake up in the morning you're like, with a, with a, am I? You're like in a crazy dream world, you remember what your name is? That means you're in some deep sleep. If you wake up and you're like, oh, it's still the yesterday or feel the same, probably kind of surface level sleep. And a big question to ask is, can you still have almost as amazing or just as amazing workout sessions without any pre-workout? If the answer is like, actually, I have good workouts one way or the other, the caffeine, stimulant effects of pre-workout probably just aren't worth it. Because there's ways in what you can have stimulants even one or two PM during the day. Almost all the effects are gone, but it still caused you a few hours of slightly lower quality sleep in the beginning of the night, or can delay sleep on set by 15 or 30 minutes typically than normal. Yeah, it's probably not worth it. But if you with pre-workout, can train like a machine without it or really sucks, and you have a sleep checked, well, look, pre-workout is totally fine. It's totally fine, especially if you're not buying wacky stuff with really weird ingredients. Some pre-workouts used to contain and still do contain some sketchy, excessive ingredients. These are mostly stimulants that are sort of not so approved or a question mark or proof for whom you use. The original Jack 3D formula as you all remember in love had DMAA in it, which is like basically math, math, light, sinfron, whoopersine, A, and a few other ingredients that are just like, damn, this is legit. And then they typically feel qualitatively different. They can have unwanted side effects. They can put US-like cardiac risk. They're going to really screw up your sleep and so on, don't mind. So if a pre-workout makes you feel really wacky, consider having less of it. If having less of it still makes you feel wacky, but less, then stop, switch back to like tier coffee or just consider a different pre-workout product. My personal tip to you guys on this is the following. The more hardcore feel and underground feel, the company and the label and the package has, the more often they're likely to have wacky stuff, the big company products are less likely to have it. So, you know, if you have the optimum nutrition pre-workout, that's probably a more dependable go-to and not have weird stuff in it than like the GIS-A-N-A-8 or 5000 or the blood, urine, and super stack 250 max plus. Because blood and urine stack 250 max just wasn't good enough. And you have to have the plus. Scott, imagine the plus comes out, but then another product comes out. It's the all-that. It's the blood and urine super stack 250 max plus hardcore. That's very hardcore. I love the advertising and marketing of use because they're like, it's not for everyone. Careful. You're like really up, but it's for you 15-year-old kid working out for the first week in their life. So stuff like that, a lot of times there's a higher probability, it's going to have some wacky shit in it. What happens if you get into the tolerance trap? How do you get your way out of it? The tolerance trap is basically regular. Hydro-stimulate use can lead to you like getting used to it and then you need it just a function. You need more and you need that just a function and so on and so forth. Same effect you're getting, but you need more and more. A couple options. One, quitting culturek you and learning to train without it. I don't use pre-workout for my workouts. I never have. I just don't need it. Not everyone's like that. A lot of people are, but not everyone's like that. Get your music going, get your real focus, mind, muscle connection, you'd be good to go. Another thing is, if you're training a little less hard every session because you're not in pre-workout, you'll just be able to have longer, muscle cycles, longer strings of weeks in which you train hard and then you'll make the same gains in the long term, which is why in most cases caffeine and stimulants don't actually cause large or even detectable gains in muscle mass in large and longer studies because that instabooce just you could just go longer. It also accumulates more fatigue for you. So you get a better stainless, but also bigger fatigue. And so if you have a little bit of a small stimulus with no pre-workout, but small fatigue, you let me totally go to go. Here's another way to do it. You try some green tea for a month or two. Pre-workout. It works a little bit. Then you try a kind of coffee or diet soda, a little bit more caffeine for a month or two. Then you can do pre-workout, but a lower dose for a month or two. And then moderate dose pre-workout for a month or two after that. Real peak. After that, you're really tired and you're beat up. You've been training for like half a year. You take active rest two weeks of fundamentally no real serious training or no training at all. And then you go back to training without any stimulants at all or you go back to green tea. This way you're accommodating for the fact that your body gets used to it and kind of getting a little bit more over time. And then when you're done, you go on active rest and you don't need extra stimulants because you're basically not training and who cares. Two weeks like that and then two weeks after of training with no stimulants or even two weeks with no stimulants for active rest and then two weeks of like green tea or something, you've recovered a huge, huge margin of not the entirety of your caffeine and stimulant sensitivity and you're going to go through that whole ramp over again. I'm also going to save you some money. It's also going to save you some pain in the ass and you get a really awesome effect without having like pre-workout sending you to the moon week one and week four just feels like your normal weekend. It's always going to be better times ahead. If your pre-workout is no good and you just can't take it because it screws up your sleeve but does some other wacky stuff, no big deal. Try training without it entirely. You can just do tea or coffee because remember coffee is caffeine and it's just the number one ingredient anyway in pre-workouts. A lot of people say a couple of black coffee does them about as much good as pre-workout in many cases. That's true. You can also try citraline nitrates. You can try electrolyte combos like the element drink is really awesome for this. You can do beta alinean and that means there's no stimulants in those things but you get mega pumps and you feel juicy and that's awesome. It's kind of an awesome psychological enhancer and again the pumps probably don't do much. The reason you grow from pumps as pumps probably just associated with the stimulus that you got but if you get extra juicier pumps, psychologically for vibes-wise, it's going to be awesome. Micro a little bit of extra muscle growth and then everyone's winning. That's the situation with pre-workouts. If you need the ultimate pre-workout, I pretty sure it's to download and start using the RPA Pertraphia. What would I know about that? Link in the description for that. Enjoy your pre-workout. Take 50 scoops and then rocket ship yourself to Mars. There you go Elon. All it took was 50 scoops of the Rani Coleman 3D Ultra Extreme mega super pro hardcore not for everyone limited edition series. See you guys next time.