Folks, hello, I am Dr. Mike Roosevelt for Renaissance Preudization. This is Dr. Derek Wilcox, of also Renaissance Preudization. And Derek is a former equipped powerlifting champion record holder of the whole deal. And we actually have two things to talk to you guys about today. One is water cutting for sports of all kinds. Well, weight class sports where you have to make a water cut. And we're going to be specifically focused on probably what longer duration water cuts like when you're 24 hours out, 12 hours out sort of thing or do you want to chat at any of them? Any two hour on the right side as well. Yeah, so it's similar dynamics. Excellent. And in the back of your minds, I want you to also think of these Steven Segal movies under siege one, which was on a boat and under siege two, which was on a train. After siege three on a plane and my personal favorite hyperthera can move the under siege four, the derigible slashes up and slash blimp version is highly awaited, but not around one day before looking. Dear Mr. Segal, ask why please get on to making those movies. In the interim real quick before we talk about the at least seven common mistakes of water cutting. Derek, what was your most extreme water cut that still resulted in a high degree of performance and thus a good showing on the powerlifting platform for you? I would say around 25 pounds. You started at what and wait in at what? I'd started at 23 and got down to 198. Weight in successfully. Reconcerted well reconstituted up to what? Back up to around 223, 225. Day of the meet. And performed well. At least up to standards. Not a crazy day, but it wasn't a bad day. And that's most time when you introduce a big water cut, that's about the most you can hope for. Because there's so much stress and a little bit of a teagg that comes from that that you're really just trying to bring your performance has been in training at that higher body weight and present it in a lower weight class by bringing your body weight back up. So it's hard to have a really big huge jump in performance when you're putting your body through that much stress. So what you're saying is any extreme water cut comes at the trade off of hitting these magic meat PRs and that more than likely what you're doing is making a calculated trade off of saying I could have the meat of my life at 220. Or I can have a much better meat at 198 than anyone else at 198, but not exactly hit these superstar to 42 numbers at 198. Right. I ideally you're just trying to maximize that specific weight class. And a lot of the times I only recommend people have these big water cuts. One, if it's some kind of super high priority, like a professional meat for money, you're trying to actually win something significant or you're trying to break a big record. A lot of times, you know, it's like local state records are always going to be there. There's plenty of those to have national world all time records. Those kinds of things are what really make those big weight cuts worth it. Yes. In my mindset, every meat is a life or death weight cut because I'm a fucking champion. And I always bring 100% what would you say to that as a powerlifting coach more power to you? Okay. You're going to be laughing at me. Why are you laughing? I'm just coming straight from my heart. You know, I'm on the job, you'll fellow. No, that's a really good recipe for very short longevity. Career longevity or longevity longevity? Yes. Yes, excellent. Here lies, Dr. Mike. He died peaking for a powerlifting meat. Yes. P.S. he wasn't even that strong. I would like that on my tombstone. His tombstone actually a thing or is that just a brand of pizza that you heat up in the oven by yourself when you're lonely and at home. You can, yeah, double on tangerine there. You can have an epitaph on one of them. Yes. I guess you could put that on a pizza. Why not? Yeah. In pepperoni shapes, excellent. Now that we got all the important stuff out of the way to the particular's. So you set me a little list, which is actually in an RP article that people can Google. And it is some common mistakes in water cutting and I want your hot takes on all these. First is loading water too much slash too little. What the fuck is water loading? How's that different from when I get as the French say, Elif thirst and I simply drink drink. Sure. The biggest part of water manipulation is tricking your body into holding less water than it normally does simply to bring the number on the scale down. What we do with water loading is we're going to intake way more. Usually at least double the amount of normal recommended water so that we start manipulating hormones inside the body like ADHD, no duster, on et cetera, et cetera, and you're tensing too. Oh, these like blood pressure and kidney regulating hormones that change how much fluid or held in your bloodstream as well as yourselves. And when we have consistently high amounts or a hyperhydration hydrated state, your body is going to naturally start changing those hormones and pushing all the fluid out that it can kind of like relaxing its need for water. Right. It's opening the floodgates in your kidneys and you start peeing like crazy. So these hormones don't take all that long to get manipulated. We're talking about the course of hours, not days. No weeks. So I started water loading six years before my friend. Overkill. You probably went through a few toilets for that. Lorieously, loaded. Yeah. These are the velocity of the urine hitting the poisson over and over again. Much, much, much. They got hit the toilet. He's like, is there a horse that lives here? Also? Yeah. It's one of the things that I see the most because, you know, it's a short time period to really get those hormones going to a significant degree. But I've talked to so many people to start water loading two weeks. I've even heard up to a month before a competition, which, you know, a month in the course of, you know, looking at a window of hours, it's not overly practical, which is going to add a ton of stress to your meat prep and probably, you know, shoot yourself in the foot with your training performance getting ready for it. Also, if you peeing your foot, you can shoot yourself in the deck because of the urine there's a seed. There's so much inner bladder pressure is just going to shoot out of crazy velocity. So doctors like, well, you're going to lose your toe. Also, believe it or not, your insides are fucked because that much pressure on the insides. It's also bad for you. Yeah. Exactly. Bok. All right. So in your world view, water loading should look like what and start approximately when, if I am, let's say, I have a 24 hour weigh in. 24 hour weigh in. You process would usually start five maybe six days out. We start drinking somewhere around double the recommended amount. The recommended amount is about one ounce per kilogram of weight. That seems reasonable. Yeah. Sometimes we'll take that up to like three, three ounces per kilogram of weight. For me, that always ended up being somewhere between two and a half gallons. That's exactly what my mental math looks like. So that's not crazy. That's just four gallons of shit. Right. Well, we're manipulating all these things and you can definitely drink a lot more. It doesn't take a crazy crazy amount. I've seen people drinking like four gallons a day and I'm like, I hope that was fun because there was no added benefit to it in the least. There was a lady who drank eight gallons for a radio contest to win some kind of prize. It goes like a PlayStation or something. Yeah. She drank like eight gallons and died. Yeah. So high point of training is a real thing. Yeah. Yeah. You might just doesn't know how to function anymore. There's no signaling neurologically going on anymore. But that's part of the process. We'll get to that later. But yeah, usually about five or six days with two to three days of that really, really high water intake. We accompanied it with salt as well because you have to pay attention to those electoral lights. And all the other hormones that are based around fluid retention that are based on that specifically like Aldoz de Roen from most part. And then we start changing those things and we go to a distilled water. So that there's very little in the water to begin with. They can attach to anything else. High water, high electrolytes first. Yes. Continue high water removal electrolytes exactly. It helps push all those remaining electrolytes out very quick. Let me guess next, you start to remove water. Yeah. Bock. It's the craziest thing because you have such a quick velocity of pushing all that body fluid out because of all the hormone changes. And if nothing else, the pressure of more water coming in. As long as you don't taper it down slowly, you cut it off all at once. Then you get a really great effect of your body pushing out the water before it knows that it doesn't have any more coming in. Yes. So you're a fan of when the water is pulled. It's pulled either very low or nothing at all. Yes. Basically when the water is cut off, you don't drink again until afterweigh it. And how long do you want that period of no water coming in? Depends on how much there is to cut. Again, we're telling that 24-hour weigh-ins, but you know, two-hour weigh-ins, all those different time factors really play a big part of it. And that's going to be something we can access in future articles and books, etc. But certainly. Okay. But generally speaking, a good range for most applications is what it would. Like 24 hours, 12 hours, or we're telling about 48 hours with no water. For just just for an example, like that 25-pound cut that was very successful, very extreme. Yeah. Mine, my time without water was about 36 hours. Okay. Oh wow, that's not that long. Yeah. So that's the longest that I ever took it. But that's also to give more time between that point of getting that flushing effect by the body to drop all that water wave to having enough time to sweat the rest of it out. Yes. And there's so many different methods for that. Okay. So myth number one, loading water too much to early. So I start loading water anymore than a few days before it's stupid. If I start loading water the day before, you're just going to get really bloated. And backwards to what we're going to. Right. Okay. Um. All right. We actually knocked out two because the second one is water loading too early. Number three, tapering water intake down. What do you see people? Oh, the myth is tapering water down. Right. High water, high water, trick the body into thinking there's too much water. I all of my hormonal changes basically make me a water dropping machine. Yep. And then you stop the water such that the body is still pissing out like crazy. But there's nothing coming in. So you get this magic period of several hours of extreme diarrhea. And that allows you to push that momentum all the way to becoming very light and low and water. Right. So this method is something I've seen with people that would start water loading like two weeks out. And I think it comes from kind of the like maybe magazine articles of body building a long time ago. And there are certain parts of the protocol for body building, peaking with water manipulation that, you know, like medications and such that are tossed in that also manipulate the fluid. Yes. Yeah. And they kind of leave that part out or they didn't know about it. Yes. So that water tapering was often accompanied by different diuretics and things like that. And let's not cut those people too much like either. I've known plenty of body builders who cut their salt six weeks out. Yeah. Not just like good. It's just like nonsense. Your coach tells you and you carry around a jog and you think you're cool because you carry on the jog, taking off drugs and diet long enough so that you're lean and everyone thinks you're correct just because you look like that. Right. And then you just never examine those ideas again. Yeah. No, they go for body buildings to look good on stage at that exact moment. Like does the rest of the time really matter that much? I guess unless you're on his to actually just matter is not at all. Right. So it's the same thing for weighing in. You don't want to be that weight aside from that instant that you step on the scale. And then you want to be on your way back. That's okay. So okay. That makes a lot of sense. Number three is tapering water and take down the got that. So don't do that cut hard. Right. And then number four is, no, okay, real quick. I know some people are going to ask this. You fucking people. I'm still eating food. Is it okay if the food has a little bit of water in it? Like, I'm not how much zero with milk. But like, I want to eat some white rice and white rice is made with water. Is that okay? Or am I going to rice cakes only? Rice cakes definitely have benefits there. Oh, a lot of times I'll work with people especially with the shorter way in periods. Well, go ahead and get as dehydrated as possible to get below the weight class. And then start adding in carbohydrates as dry as possible. Just like those rice cakes that you're talking about to where you're basically exchanging water weight and carbohydrate weight or muscle glycogen weight. You drop the water weight and the glycogen will also drop from low carb diet a week. But once you get your body weight to a certain lower point below your weight class, you can start adding in carbohydrates in exchange for less water weight. But you have more potential energy stored in the muscle. And when you add the water back in, it's still set up. It sticks. Oh, that's really in. That period of higher carb is lower water for a few hours. Brutal because your thirst response is going to go in there. Right. Right. Because your body's pulling so much more fluid than whatever is left, basically into the muscles. Yes. But especially doing that the night before we ends, helps sleep quality events. Oh, because you get some carbs you're fucking how. No. That's fucking brilliant. Ignoring electrolyte balance is number four. Ignore electrolyte balance because that word electrolyte is too big for me to be able to spell. I don't understand it. It offends me. And thus, I ignore it. And I just pretend it's too sciencey and lame. We use another word. We use the 90s also meant lame for it. It's now cancelable offense. In any case, what am I going to do with electrolyte balance here during a water cutting process? That's going to really help me out. Oh, paying attention to your salt intake is the most influential part of that. Like I mentioned before with the water loading, we're trying to increase that state of hyperhydration. Yes. And basically doing everything we can to get the body, the whole does much water is possible. We're trying to bloat on purpose. Exactly. And that always freaks people out because the scale is going to go up a little bit. There's a typical freak out of the next day, your two pounds heavier than you were before. You're supposed to be going down like, ah, what's going on? Right. So I have to do everyone basically expect this. You're going to look like a swollen tick on dogs back the next day. But the day after that, typically you're back down to where you start it or a little bit lower and you're that all the fluid retention in your skin and every well system. Start and come out because you're being like crazy. Exactly. The hormones are doing what they're supposed to. And you look like a normal tick. Yes. Like a tick that if you look back into a tick yearbook, you'll be like, oh, so good looking tick. Yeah, back in the day before it got so big. Yeah. And then during the carburetor reduction process towards the end, you don't reintroduce electrolytes just yet. Depends on how much play room we have with the body weight. Okay. If you can add in a little bit of salt, just to mainly prevent cramping, right? Because salt by itself doesn't blow you up. Right. It attracts water of that. It holds like 40 times its own weight and fluid. So that's that's why it's so influential in our body hydrider. It's around four times. Yeah. Okay. So that actually perfectly brings this into a number five mistake. Poor reconstitution or recomposition. What is it that people get most wrong about recomping? Where do they go wrong with that? They don't think about what they need to eat or drink to hold on to the water. Let me tell you my plan for recomping after 25 a.m. Men, especially strong people of any gender or sex, are made with steak, fatty steak. I go away and it's got salt. Yeah. Check one salt and I have some asmr sweet tea. A nice steak, tons of eggs. I'm good. Correct. Yeah. The big thing with that is it's a very, very common issue. After weighing in, especially for 24 or way and you're thinking, you're just going to gorge yourself. I love it. You can't take steak. There's no strategy. It's just, okay, I got to put on weight. How do you put on weight? You eat a bunch of crap. I want you to put on my six-year-old pound life, TV show. And I go, whatever the fuck those people are eating, that clearly puts on weight. And then I just order pizza. They're permanently reconstituting their pizza. The doctor's like, I'm the bad side of things you're dying. Yeah. You're a good side. You're very full of all sorts of life. Maybe too much. Yeah. Well, potentially go. So before I eat a pizza that is wrapped around a taco bell order, that's right. Pizza, Rita. And because the pizza is the wrapping, it also culturally becomes a burrito or taco. And then it sort of makes a lot of sense. But clearly I'm going wrong there. What should most folks be eating in order to get back as much of their waterway response? So the bigger thing is you want to keep digestion moving quickly. A lot of people get shut down like crazy when they eat tons of fats and stuff. Yeah. So fat is going to slow down digestion and green vegetables. High fiber. That's going to slow down digestion. So you really just focus on a moderate amount of protein, primarily just carbohydrates. Yeah. And you drink naturally because you're trying to get all that food in any way. And you want to stay away from anything fatty and general. Boss, it's going to start changing with those signaling mechanisms and stomachs. It's going to tell your brain I'm not hungry anymore. We better be hungry if you're putting on 20 pounds of weight in one day. You are ruining the powerlifting recomp of donuts and pizza in the retos. What I want to do, Derek, is pretty simple. I want to compete in powerlifting. And I want to weigh in under my weight and take some selfies and in the scale. And then I want kind of an Instagram story, timeline of all the fun foods ate with my cool powerlifting friends. I know I have a meat, whatever, in twenty-four hours, the which I have to optimize my performance. But that's what's, but I can always have not so great meat, but my outfits look cute. And I can post that I had fun with my boyfriend anyway when I went to Las Vegas to compete. Absolutely. And my followers don't seem to care about my meat results. They care about how I look when I compete and also that I'm having fun and being and having fun means that you junk food, you're ruining all this for me. But assuming that I'm the weird kind of person that wants performance and actually when stuff, I'm sticking to what kinds of foods. Can you give me some sample foods? Because it's just not that creative. Everything I thought of, pizza, beer, pizza, leftover pizza crusts. What kind of foods? Because clearly all the normal junk foods are off the table. Right. Because I ate them. The typical thing you go to after weighing in for parlor to me to see either I hopper waffle house. That's a rule in the table. You basically all we're Bob Evans. Bob Evans, if you're in the Midwest. Yeah. But unfortunately most of the time they're cooking on this giant griddle and they just like throw four pounds of butter on their own. Yes. And then cook everything else. So when you're like can I have no butter, they're like, yeah, they're not going to add another pound of butter all that. Yes. Yes. Yes. So that really causes you to run into problems. If you can stick with a light potato, like a hash brown that's really light and oil or something like that. Big potato. Sure. Yeah. The fiber starts to run into a little bit of issue there. Okay. But not major. Serial can work okay if it's a little bit of fiber serial. Okay. So go to the store and get kids serial. There's a better option than go to the griddle house and get griddle house stuff. Right. Because most of the time you're not going to have four pounds of butter in your serial. Most of the time. Things like that. But it's basically the reverse of what you were doing before because you started with high salt and then you dropped your carbs. Now you're going to reintroduce all the salt that you want just like you're salt loading again because you've depleted your body. You need to reintroduce it. Yes. But since those hormones have flipped, now dust your own has changed its direction towards going to cause you to retain more salt. Yes. Your body is going to be really prepared to hold on to it. Yes. Which is good, which is exactly what you want because water retention is going to come much faster. If you've had a low carb diet through the week, your insulin sensitivity is going to be up through the roof. And when you add those carbohydrates in after you've weighed in, your body is going to soak it all up. It's huge at straightening the muscle and you'll be ready to perform. Great. Kids serials. I surmise sushi if it's all you can eat sushi if it's mostly not the bullshit American stuff but like actual just like sushi rolls. No, no, Gary. Which is great because with the soy sauce. Salt and sushi and water. It's all the great stuff. Yeah, don't go getting the low sodium soy sauce on those days. Get the big stuff. Real man shit. Kids serials good. Something like a subway sandwich with like Turkey and just the bread and not a whole lot of cheeses and stuff is okay. Sure. A lot of that, especially on meat day as well. It's finding those foods that are low in fiber, low in fat and your stomach can easily digest. You don't want to go eating stuff that you're not accustomed to and look at all. Okay. During those times because your stomach is going to be more easy to upset at that point. And you've got to keep going. Yeah. You also want to keep moving through the day as you're reconstituting to keep your circulation going. And it helps digestion moving quicker as well. Moving how? Just walk around. Yeah, I have a good time. Just look at stuff. Sure. Trying to stay out of heat is a big one. I've made that mistake before. Don't go to Disney World before your power lifting. Yeah, exactly. I had a meat and Nashville one time and I was trying to reconstitute and was walking around Broadway Street. But, and going in the bars and I'm like, I have a bag full of chips and I'm eating and gallon of water that I'm carrying around, but it was hot. And it was working out. I'm going to gallon out. Right. Okay. Lesson. Learn there. Okay. Is there a gram of carbohydrates amount roughly? You want like the average sort of 200 pound power lift to consume in a 25-way and we're 500 grams of that day. We're looking at a thousand. Are we looking at a $1500? Are we looking at a $2,000? There's not really a limit. It's the limit is going to come from your stomach. Okay. So, almost nobody gets too bloated. Right. Right. A re-com. It's mostly just not bloated enough. Yeah, you're going to hopefully reach those maximum muscle glycogen stores, but it's really hard to do it one day. Yes. Unless you're using exogenous resources there, that can help a lot. But, especially if it's drug tested, made or something like that, your stomach is going to hit that limit before you go to win carbard. Another great food. Let me know if this is wrong. Frozen yogurt. Because it's super low in fats, sometimes fat free. Tons of carbs. Yeah. And you can eat it. What I like to do personally is alternate saltiness, sweet foods, because after you eat a salty food, even though more salty food is not. Like you'll see, you have a bunch of low fat Asian noodles with a bit of chicken. I can eat like 250 grams of carbs of those. And not even fucking fat in high. But then someone's like more salty stuff. And you're like, if they're like frozen yogurt, you're like yes, because your dessert, female dessert, stomach opens up. We all have one, no matter the sex or gender. And then you eat a bunch of frozen yogurt. And then you eat this weak stuff you're good to go. But then your next meal, you're super craving for the salty stuff again. And then you go out for sushi, etc. That's how it's done. Do you send all those refined choices? Yeah, definitely. Especially if you already know that your stomach can handle it. Yes, so no new shit. Right. Okay. My big thing was always eating like restaurant style, tostito style nachos with a little bit of salsa. I would add salt to the salsa and those things were already just completely covered and salt. And just that's the chips that I was eating walking around. And they, I would end up looking like a chipmunk with nuts in my mouth. All day, like two family-sized bags of those. Oh my god. But it put the weight on really quickly. Sure. Good god. All right. Number six, mistake is dioretics. How's that, mistake? That's what makes me get the water off. Dr. Wilcock, for the people that I've seen that have used those a lot, one, there's so much trial and error to begin with. Sure. Trying to figure out when you should take what and, you know, which kind of dioretic to take. How your body specifically reacts to those? Yes. There's so many variables there that would take so many different trials to figure out. Yes. And under tons of the professionals that I was your own that really got that system refined, they had it down. And it worked really well. But then we're probably, you know, three, four, five, six, and meets. That they really undershot their performance by having to experiment instead of going where they're trying to true method. Okay. So it's a big role, the dios. And that's also where you can start getting to a lot bigger health risks. Oh, yeah. This kidneys do not care for those dioretics, especially when you're already trying to dehydrate yourself. And then that much stress. Yeah. That's a bad deal. Luckily, there are no huge amount of dead power lifters. But you don't want to be the first in that category. Yeah. Richard. Richard. You'll always be in first place. But also unable to collect your trophy. That's a detriment. Yes. Okay. Number seven. Last one is depleting diets before the water cut. What does that mean? So I've had several people come to me in this kind of situation where they are way above the weight class. And they realize this like a month out. Okay. I need to drop 10 kilos to get to my weight class. All right. I can feel how this is happening. They're in the gym. They hit a good PR. Something's like, hey, bud. It's in the south, of course. Hey, bud. You got to meet coming up. I'm sure do. Like, where does that mean? Like four weeks out, brother? I've got to tell you who it necessarily is. No, one way class you can paint that. And they're like, oh shit. 198. Yeah. Oh shit. I weighed 235. Yeah. Just didn't think about that until now. To be fair, I'll see you in the afternoon. I'll look at the country for sure. But how do they sound in other parts? Hey, fuck you. Hey, what's up, Phil? A bell for your guy? What else? And like, hey, you got to meet coming up. You fat fuck. And you're a damn. But I'm 181. But I'm fat. Oh shit. That's bad. Well, yeah, I'm not even going to try the exit. I can't do it. Well, but what happens is like the week of protocol that we're talking about. Carbohydrates are a lot lower. We're manipulating all kinds of things to create a lot of water retention. And when you're training normally, you need to be eating to sustain your performance. Yes. Does mean eating car behind rates. You don't want to change those things leading up to a competition. Yes. So what these people end up doing is they'll go on a crash. Diet, like two, three, four weeks out to try and get down to the weight class. No carbs, no fats, chicken and veggies. Yeah. Basically some green veggies and proteins. But you can only drink so much water with that until you become a diuretic machine, simply because there's no carbs. And mostly no salt, colding it in. And starting that diuretic hormone enhancement way too early. Right. It's the same effect with a keto diet. You're going to get that immediate drop. Yes. But that drop now is drop you can't do later. Right. So they're depleting. They're getting closer, but they're getting closer like two, three weeks out. And you don't know it. But you can't just add a depletion strategy on top of another depletion. Yes. Because they're not rude. For my last meet, I lost 15 pounds. You're like, I gotcha. But this time you're going to lose 15 pounds again and you already lost seven. Yeah. So it's not 15 from now. It's 15 from when you started three weeks ago. Plus maybe three or four pounds of tissue that you lost. Yeah. And when you do this process correctly through water manipulation, you're going to lose that weight about 36 hours beforehand. Yeah. It starts coming down significantly at that point. And you're going to gain it in about 12 hours after you weigh in. Yes. That's how quick that needs to be. That's not weeks. Not weeks. Because you're just putting your body through a ton of unneeded stress. So ideally, watch your weight, know what weight class you're at and get within whatever percentage you know is reasonable. Before your peaking face starts, right? Arguably before your strength phase starts, such that if you are a 20 pound power lifter and you normally can cut from 235 no problem, you'd be around 235 by that time you start getting in the sets of three and six three to six reps like strength phase. So you just can train at that body weight. So because this happens all the time, guys, that's a 220, they be like, I'm a 250 right now. And I'm like, okay, well, how many we see up during me? They're like, well, like eight weeks. But I can make the cut. And I'm like, okay, so you're going to make the cut during peaking, which is the most important time for you to be hitting PRs. And when the very reason they get up to 250 is some combination of sloth, but also they didn't make a PRs because they're so goddamn big. But like, no, no, you're too big too big. And that's going to take a diet and the best time for a diet is during a hypertrophy phase, which is way before your power lifter to meet weight even before the strength phase. Exactly. I try to tell my clients and the people who sign up just for the Wonder manipulation coaching for the week of their competition, you want to be set with your body weight leading up to it. Ideally, eight weeks out at the very, very least four weeks out. Yes. Because usually before that, you're in your higher volume stages and you're training. If you're going to be making body composition and body weight changes, that's the best time to do it because you're going to help keep from losing as much muscle mass during a calorie deficit, et cetera. And when training gets to be much lower volume, higher intensity, you know, we're a little bit more susceptible to that. And you also need the energy of a eucoloric diet when you're hitting fucking big ass PRs the month before the meet because peaking is not just something that this like bodybuilding training is something that just happens. You just do it and yet it's fine. Peaking training, half to hit the big numbers. Right. Otherwise, like, what does your meat plan even look like? Like, yeah, I'm going to squat 800 at this meet like, well, how did 700 for three feel? And like, well, in this all three reps. Because I, but I was depleted. Like, you haven't had any more than 700 on your back for a month because you're tired from your diet. Well, yeah, you're still going to swine in her like, yeah, it'll all come together. Like, yeah, we're to all come apart. Literally as your tear, if fucking quads off the bone. Because you're going to accumulate so much literal damage to bone and tissue while you're, you know, calorie deficit at that point with those higher intensity weights. It's just a recipe. You guys are disaster. But weights that still aren't big enough to get you ready for the weights you're going to be meeting. Exactly. Yeah. Because you're brain and your nervous system really runs off carbohydrates to a large degree. Sure. And you also need sodium from the salt to keep those ions flowing and for all the, we have a lot of keto followers, Derek. So if you can rephrase your brain likes the carbs to it doesn't matter and by my keto bar, low card formula now, if you don't mind it don't matter. And that's really all you need to know, Derek, I'm an aspiring young power lifter. I want to be smart. And I'm sitting, but it was very sad story. One of my many uncles has passed. But bequeathed me with an enormous fortune. And I want to do this pilot from you right. And I want to hire Dr. Crook Cox to do my training programming, my diet programming, and especially, we're just my water cut. How do I get in contact with you? Well, you can mess his meal in Instagram at Wilcox Strength Ink or let me know on Facebook, same deal there Wilcox Strength. And definitely go to Orpestrach.com and go to the coaching, look up my profile, your face is one of the faces, my face is on the page. If you are not good with faces, his name is also listed under his profile. Yes. If you're good with neither names nor faces, have the person who cares for you contact Derek. Thank you so much. This was really illustrative as people much smarter than me who have those big A plus words like to say, silver's are good. Yep. And lastly, I noticed a little, oh, accent there, Mr. Dr. Wilcox. We're telling you, tell the fine folks where you're from. As more raise, no care, Lana. Okay, well, the Eastern Shoreline Rich People Money Heaven, Washington DC, Commutant, Park, Nelson, my folks is from Deep in the Hills. Woo! And that's the kind of shit we like to hear. Derek, thank you so much for coming on the channel channel. I was going to say show, we're going to say podcasts to snither one of those things. I'm on the thing with you. And, you know, so much more that could be said on that that we'll get us both cancelled folks. Don't get cancelled yourself. Don't cancel yourself with the water cut. Be smart, do the right things, and we'll see you next time.