What's up folks? Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Welcome to video number four of how to make your best program and fast to four muscle growth. This video is on how to estimate your reps in reserve, per set, and get the reps that you are targeting. This video series is all about how to build your program and I'm also illustrating how to build a program with the world's best program builder. That's right, true. The RP Hiperch TV app. If you are watching this video before mid-May 2023, please check the link in the description and sign up for the promotional link in which you get put on a list to get early access to the app and to receive goodies and to get a little price and all that good stuff. If you're checking this video out after roughly mid-May 2023, which is when the app is very likely going to be coming out, then just go to the link in the description. First link is going to be a by-link for the app and you can check it out and buy it and use it and it'll be awesome. So let's talk about how to navigate RIR rep in reserve targets and get the reps you need to progress. I have five tips for you on RIR. What is two or three reps in reserve? The RP Hiperch TV app shoots for week one, two reps in reserve and once you leave two reps in the take, which means like if gun to the head you could have done ten, it wants you to stop at eight. But since you can't do ten to minus subtract the linear time and go back and time and say eight stop here, how do you tell when you're roughly at two or three reps in the take, which is where you're supposed to stop most of your sets at least in the first week of training? The best way to think about it as far as I can tell is it's when the weight really starts to push back, which means all of a sudden it feels notably heavier, you're pushing it and you're like, no problem and then all of a sudden you're like, oh, the bar doesn't slow down but you're like, fuck, the shit is getting heavy. Then you're close to two or three reps in reserve in most cases and or all of a sudden the bar starts to both feel heavy and slow down. That's a big one because folks that are relatively slower twitch or for various other reasons of grinders, Google that one, you can't do that, not at work. Sometimes they'll come down slow and they'll come up slow and grind and you're like, oh, that's failure, I hold on a second. Do another up to see if that gets even slower and even heavy because if you're a grinder, you grind rep number seven out of 10 or let's say your goal is 10 and then you go for up number eight and you're like, same grind, still slow, still heavy but no slower and heavier really and again, same grind, just keep going. You want to get to a point where you're like, oh shit, now that's really slow and really feels much heavier for faster twitch people and slower twitch people like that point is the same point. You just get to it in different ways, faster for people go boom boom boom and then yeah, rack. Slower twitch people go boom boom boom and then they start their slow grind phase, which can be like five to ten reps of roughly the same speed and weight feeling. But even though slower twitch folks, really when two reps in reserve comes up, they'll get that second wave of like, oh shit, shit is for real. That is when your close to two or three reps in reserve for most people, that's when you rack and that's when you stop and write down your reps. You may be thinking, okay, but what if I miss judge and I don't go far enough? In most cases, getting any closer than this just doesn't matter. It does not matter because for a variety of reasons, just challenging yourself a little bit in week one means as you progress over time and the app will tell you how to progress and don't worry I'll tell you how to progress in future videos if you don't use the app, it's all okay. As long as you don't like do a set of five and you're like, I could do 50 more and then you're like, fuck this. Okay, but that's not really two or three or as long as you feel that weight getting much heavier and slower and you feel that challenge, your golden, it's a stimulative set and all the progress after that will be super smooth. It's kind of like you don't want to be a whos in week number one, but there are upsides even to airing a little bit on the side of too easy. So yeah, don't go too hard. You know, okay, okay, don't go too hard, but what about if I go too easy? Well, if you go a little too easy, but not too hard, they're upsides to this. Technique, your technique is more likely to remain stable if you don't push it super close to failure early. Check, that's good. Because as you push a really close to failure technique, make it fucked up and you don't want any business for that. Second, the stimulus of getting close to failure, but not quite too failures very high, the stimulus of getting all the way to failure is a little bit higher. The fatigue that you are essentially exposing yourself to or accumulating from getting close to failure is decent, but from getting all the way to failure is a way higher. So the stimulus to fatigue ratio is actually better in the most cases for stopping well short of failure than it is grinding in closer to failure than you need to grind. That's another win. Another thing is any fatigue that you get extra hangs around through the entire mesocycle in it accumulates in accumulates in accumulates. It's like snowfall in Alaska. First snowfall, eight inches. Yeah, say any boy gets some snowfall like that, two and a half inches. It's sweet hail. What? Cool. But then like the next day, three inches added and then 16 inches added and it just keeps going. Fatigue is similar to that. And the amount of melting in Alaska is not that high. And the amount of melting of fatigue in your mesocycle without a deal at the end, which we'll talk about later in this series, the FDA just keeps fucking adding up. So if you way overdo week one, you're like, oh, call that two reps and reserve. Everyone's like, if I got that, cool. You did great. Good job, Conan the Barbarian. But then on the other hand, in week two or three, when you're supposed to be really hitting your stride and hitting BPRs, you're going to be gas and exhausts entire because the fatigue you imposed on week one is now hanging out with you in week two, three, four, etc. So that's really, really, really bad news. That bad news reflected self in the next, the last downside of pushing too hard to early, which is you want progression. You want 10 reps this week, 11 weeks, 11 reps, the week after, then 12 reps or 100 pounds, 105, 110. Those solid small progressions, that's how fucking growth happens. But if you give it all in your first week, you accumulate a ton of fatigue, it really close to failure. You do 110 pounds for 10 reps. Next week, the app will say, hey, automatically, by the way, it'll be like, hey, like, 115 for 10 reps. Here's your goal. And you're going to do it. You're going to be, you're going to get 10 because you're going to be like, holy shit, I can't do this because I accumulated so much for too early, it screwed up my progression. And even if you survive the second week, the third week you might underperform. Underperformance is not what you want. You want to ease into the shit and then slowly and slowly, which the app will take care of you by auto programming, everything, rise up to the occasion over time. That's what you want. Going right into the flames early, fools Russian, where why is men? The year should tread. I don't know if you're going to. This isn't the progress channel and on that other shit, you'll hear more lies. All right. Point number four. App time. In most weeks and in most cases, if you do week one and you fill in all your loads and reps, weeks two, three, four, etc. all the way through, the app will auto fill your load and your reps for you. So if you did a hundred pounds or ten reps this week, next week, depending on how the cookie crumbles and the app has its own and neurologic that it develops, you're going to get to do 105 pounds in the goal of E10 reps, where the Apple say state you know 100, but the goal will be 11, some way either by adding a little bit of weight or a little bit of reps or some combination of both, the app is going to make things just a little bit incrementally more challenging. If I was an app user, like you hopefully will be, mm-hmm, paying the money, then I would just hit those numbers exactly. If you're really feeling your swag, can you change the goal and hit more? Yes. If you're really under the weather, can you change the goal and do a little little less? Yes. But when you make those changes, the app will actually try to auto fill that as well. So for example, let's say the app is asking you to do, you said a hundred pound dumbbells for one arm rows. You did a set of 10 or whatever sets of 10. Next week the app is going to be like okay, sets of 10, but 105 pounds and you're like, ah, app, some idiot broke the 105's at my gym, so actually only have the 110's. If you hit 110 in there or you say, you know, that's a big jump for me, fuck that. You auto correct the app, you just click, actually fuck. I'll just do that right now. Let's say it's a barbell bent over row and we have 25 pounds selected. Then what you're going to go in there and be like, yeah, so 25 is what I'm supposed to do and there'll be a little target emoji here. I'm just going to go back to 20. Whatever reps it has picked for you there, let's say if originally it was planning for you doing 105 for 10, because last time you did a hundred for 10. If you go and say, now I still want to do a hundred, but it's week two. Instead of 10, that rep will display to 11, because it says, okay, you lowered the weight. By my jacket you up anyway, so you get more reps. Why? Because the app wants to keep you untrack to keep going up. Now you can always manually just reduce your reps and say, fuck that, I'm just taking an easy day and the app's like, hey, cool. But it wants you to progress. So even if you don't have the right weight increment to hit, if it's close to the right increment, the app will still hook you up to all the calculations under the hood and make sure you progress by the same margin be it weight or reps or some combination of both. So if you budget and it's pretty close together within 10 or 20% of the weight in either a situation or 10 or 20% of the reps, it's going to correct that for you. If it's weight out of range, it'll just be like, hey, I'm not really sure what to do. It'll just put up RIR. It'll be like, weight, whatever you did last time or more, and then RIR is two RIR or one RIR or zero depending a week. And then you're, you can look back a week earlier. It's actually really easy to do because you hit this little counter icon thing and whatever you are on today, you know, say all the days are displayed as Monday. That's sweet. I must have screwed up when I was making that oops. So you go back to this day, you click on it and it'll be like, oh, this is what I did here and it's super easy and navigate. Again, that's unusual. That's if you pick a weight really far away from the one you did before and then that just doesn't know the reps. You can look back and then, I'll use flits because you're building, well, I don't even know how to make this calculation. Then just go however close to failure the app says and you're totally good to go. Right. Lastly, point number five. There's a lot of stuff. Do not overthink reps in reserve. Just try hard in the first week, but don't kill yourself. The app will tell you next week what to aim for. There's no need for self doubt for doubling back and re-correcting just run the process and the algorithm will take care of all the rest. And if you're training without the benefit of the RPA, purger fee app, then just don't overthink our error right here in your notebook or whatever tracking up you're using right down your weights and reps and next week just add a little bit. If you just keep adding a little bit and all of the benefits will be yours that all trespass the facility of like, wow, was that two RR? Well, one and a half RR? Don't even fuck with it. That is a journey with no end, no pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. So that's it for today's video. Get down in the description, click on the by-link by-stuff goddammit or sign up for the exclusive list. And next time in the next video, we will cover about how to manually change loads in the app, but the educational part other than of course teaching how to use the RPA purger fee app is going to be how to determine what's too heavy and what's too light and how to make intelligent corrections because sometimes what you didn't make one seem good, but then in week two you're like, man, I can do a trillion reps of this. Sometimes your body adapts really quick and nervous system will insorally fast. Maybe you're having a really bad day in week one and you felt really sick and tired. And then in week two, you're actually back to normal and you're like, man, this is too fucking easy. How do I make the adjustment? We'll talk about that next time. And I'll see you then.