Oh, yeah. That's it. Which weighs off, don't you? Oh, no. Oh. Oh. I'm gonna do it. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSS Cruisization. That's Jared Feather, I have to be pro. This is Dylan White. And he is. Are you a madman? Are you a maddie pro? Yes. A natural pro? Oh, sorry. He was a natural pro. Any still is? Oh, what? Double eye wink. You always are, but you can't come back and do any more shows. Why? One reason. Look at them shoes, man. They literally don't let you compete. Look at them fresh like that. I'm just got that white on white. All happy feelings for now, but Dylan is here to do a high-perrophy high-volume leg workout. And when he walked in, he was like, hey, I was like, what's on the agenda? He's like, my rep match for leg press. And I was like, I was like, I was like, what? What? Did you just say my rep leg press? He said no, my rep match leg press, which means whatever reps he gets in that first set. He has to do with his many reps breaks as he can without racking the bar. Get the same number of reps every single set after for how many sets now? Three. And that resescalcogen program. As whole coaches present, asshole in general, as present, Bill and the nice guy, a real fucking salt to the earth mid-western type by the fucker. While it was asked on the socials, if he survives a sprocket. And if not, go down there and perform Instagram takes as a countdown because these daddy's just say, alright, P. Let's get the training. After you finish your first set, I want you to reach over if you can. If not, I'll just come over and help you and go immediately to the 90. You're going to do as many reps as you can with the 90 after five distance seconds rest. And then immediately each of the 70 can do the same thing again. That'll be one set. My. Actually, let me send you a control, Bill and we are not racing for numbers. Every rep is its own, every rep is high quality. And you're just enjoy the ride. So for leg curls today, we're not going to do straight sets. We're not going to do my rep matching. For leg curls, we are going to do mini drop sets. So what's going to be each set is going to be however much the guys can do very close to failure with whatever weight they chose. Without moving out of the machine, we're going to change that weight to be about two notches lower. Something like 20 or 30 pounds lower depending on the machine. They're going to rest five to ten seconds. Get it again. One match lower, hit it again. Close to failure each time. That's one set. The good news is like, you might not need more than like two or three sets like that. And then they're going to be cooked. But that's something to try on your training just a little bit of variation a little bit of a metabolite drive. It's really tough. But as they say, It's worth it. I don't know. I'm not doing this workout. Fuck them. Two more are we do a drop. Slow control one more. Slow control. Drop relax. Take your feet out for a second. Kick up rest. Nine. One go. Ten. Two more. Two more. Ten bolt to join. You got this shit on fucking day. 11, one last one coming up. Control. Oh shit, Dylan. Slow. Racks stand up for a sec. Shake it out a little bit. My man. Run towards the pain. The pain is where the growth is Dylan. We want nine. My man. Three more. Amazing. Last one coming up. Convincing and flow on the way down too. Slow. Slow. Slow. Gentle. That's it. Oh. Oh. All right. That was actually. That was a slow set. Yay. Fuck. I don't know if any of you guys have this. But I had the ACL surgery a long time ago where they took a hamstring draft. This exercise sometimes makes me cramp up a little bit. Why do them, don't you? I really like this eccentric on a lying leg curl over a seed leg curl or a head pinch. It's one of the exercises where I actually get a pump in my hamstring. Just one of the only ones I feel that. So I'm going to try that much time under tension. Like is going to cause a cramp. But I'm going to try the drop set stuff. I can't get through all these drops. I'll do my right matching on my next set. But I want to do this. We'll see it's going a little crampy today, but I'm going to try it. My best of my abilities. And match that level of intensity, holy shit. Jones a fucking animal. Hell yeah. There it is. How the fuck are you doing from me in their second? Jones a freak pro. This is the only way you fast with your passion. Let's the drop more. Let's go baby. You're good. Not many raps man. Slow. You're good. The rest is a little longer this time. It's in a shot. Oh, look at that bottom. Oh my god. Beautiful. Look at that eccentric. Fast mind muscle in the industry. One more gear and you got this. Go. Nice shot. That was close. Good shit. Lying leg curls is the first exercise. First of all, why? It's kind of weird. You show up to do hamstrings or quads. And most people would be like, well, let's get the hard heavy shit out of the way. First. And I'll say getting the hard heavy shit out of the way first is cool. But the problem is once you get really big and strong like doing, if you do my rep match leg press and then squats after the amount of throughput energy you have for hamstrings after is so decreased. It's just hard to train the hamstrings. You're just weaker, systemically. You can't sum enough neural drive to the hamstrings anymore. Just for hours, you're going to do a wreck. Now, let's think about fought experiment the other way around. If you do hamstrings for a lying leg curls, can you really still sum enough fucking willpower and neural drive to do a hard quad session? That's absolutely. As a matter of fact, after leg curls, you kind of feel a little bit warmed up. The muscle doesn't really actively interfere with anything, so we're good to go. So a little trick is sometimes you want to do the easier stuff first, as long as not a limiting factor for the next stuff. And then do the hard stuff and then just leave. Because the kind of a fundamental idea here is that once you do the hard shit, you don't do shit after. Certainly nothing that we're constantly doing robust stimulus. Resist. Go on, Jill. All the way down. Two more. All the way down. Last one. Yes, slow. Resist, don't let me pull it down. And then slow all the way to the touch. That's it. I am new. Awesome. Awesome. So Dylan here might look familiar to a lot of you long-term subscribers of the RP channel, because you also got to follow him indirectly through us bringing him onto the channel and me being his coach for the last few years. Dylan was a natural pro once a natural pro shows super high level and competitive. As over the course of eight to ten years of natural bodybuilding, you decided to hit it. I want to make the leap to the next stage. So we're actually preparing Dylan for an NPC national show to potentially get a knife and you pro card. Since you last saw Dylan, he's put on about 20 pounds of muscle. So you know, you don't exactly do that at the end of an natural bodybuilding career. Take depth of what you will. What's the natural in every other video we ever did? 100% 100% 100% natural. Never did anything. Absolutely crazy. I think on stage you were in the 1998, when I was 171, I was the same for an out-for-body So now we're going to put this motherfucker on stage like 220, receiving an IPU pro card. Mr. Dylan is going to be doing four plates. I think Arsenal like press, as far as I can tell, probably the best. I press on the market, they're very close. And it's going to be a super huge, full range of motionals in gentlepaws at the bottom. He's going to try to do something like 15 to 20 reps. And he's warmed up. He's ready to go. He actually warmed up by doing four 55 for a set of four. This is a great strategy. You want to use if you want like your first set. He's weaker something to be a real big set. You want to feel great on your first set. Your last warm to be at 110% or something like that. Of your first work set. Mind muscle connection with the technique, the SFR goes through the roof. With that smaller weight is now just easier to handle. He is going to try to do something like 20 reps. Very close to failure. Straight set. We'll see if that works out. Maybe it's going to be 15. And then after that, all of the remaining two sets he has left, we're going to try to match that number. No matter how many little miles rep, five to 10 seconds breaks with his knees locked out, he has to take a stay tuned. Aim is inbound. Two more. Grow time, Dylan. Ooh. Grow time one more. Thou. Big chest. Sink a deed. Up. Rack. Ooh. Twenty two is a hell of a number to start with my man. Are you going to match these? No, no. You're going to match these. I'm just going to stand here and bitch. I'm going to make some huge difference. Are you taking that half-sick and pause at the top? Yes. Getting a full contraction. Yes. The other difference is... Maybe he's into the pump. Yes. The other difference it makes is that it gives you a half-second to rest. And people think like, oh, that's pussy shit. Like, no, no, no. That means you do more reps on the same set and makes it worse. Give that a shot, folks. Good news, Bad news. Good news is we're so much to watch, Dylan, fucking die. It's gonna be great. Bad news. I've been, feel as you don't know, I started a prep. And then it started pretty rough. Right. Pretty rocky. So when we're water compartmentalization issues, dry joints, let's go back into your while it's sleeping, which is in the gym. Fortunately, my legs are a strong point of mind and I'm on my last accumulation week of my Necesycle. So just for you all, this will help some of the more nerdy followers who give us you to about this stuff. I'm going to move this into a light session or maintenance volume session for me. Probably there's a couple sets of 20 for the quads, which, again, quadrass strong point in mind, this is going to be plenty of volume for me. Probably five plates, couple sets of 20. And then we'll just keep killing Dylan basically. But for those of you that run into these types of issues, whether it be injury or the local musculatures and recovering on time, these types of light sessions are good to throw in. And they'll actually promote a little more recovery. So you'll notice I'm be wearing my belt and all kinds of funky shit because I'm just trying to protect my lower back as much as possible. I can completely call it right now, but I don't think the injury is bad enough where I really need to. I want to still get some quad volume in. So for me, couple sets of 20 plate press, Dylan, he's going to die the rest of the time. Let's do it. We're not so good. Big push. Big push. Yeah, let's go. Two more. Yeah. One more. Come on Dylan. D. 3, 3 injured on. Let's go. Excellent. Yep. Oh yeah. That's it. Which way's up, Dylan? Good stop man. Good technique. You're doing some sharp strokes. Oh yeah. Last two. Come on up. Take your time with these. One and one. Last one. Good high quality shed here. Big moves. Back. 22 amazing. Oh. That's it. Yeah. Good times. Hey guys, I want to take a minute to tell you about our team full-romb membership. You get six programs every six weeks. So depending on how many days we've trained, what muscle groups you would like to do, if you're a little specialized, we're generalized. We haven't for you any time that you do. If you need any sort of diet, we have five different diets. We have a muscle gain diet. We have a main and stied. A fat loss diet. Two different many kinds of options. A three week and a six. If you want to ask your question one way is you type it into the form and someone including myself and I feed pro-gere and feather. We'll get back to you. There are also weekly lives. You submit your questions to be answered and myself and gerad to weekly life to get everyone's questions answered in that form every single time. If you have a question about your squat technique, about how to program your next diet or training, anything that you need at all, we've got you covered. So come join us today and I'll see you guys there. This is beautiful doing. A few more. I'm not going to be a ton of these rough deluts or whatever. It's me from the Sheen squats. What we're going to have Bill and do is he's only going to use a plate on each side. Kind of a lot now because the squats are dead. But he's going to descend with a three or four second each center. And then at the bottom of the position, the bottom of the squat. He is going to hold for three whole seconds on each rep. A shitload of tension directly under an immense stretch. Ouch. Might not be that many reps here. But each rep is going to be so stimulative. It's going to make a huge difference to his muscle gains. Last thing we're doing here, probably two sets of this. Maybe one more if he's into it. One more Dylan. One more Dylan. We got this Dylan. Big chest. The last rep is going to be done right. One minute. Oh. Go damn you. That was fucking awesome. He's got the twitching. Just a little like a park shit. You know, talk that shit and how it is. All you long femur having motherfuckers who say you can't squat deep or leg press deep. Dylan's legs are like 65% of his fucking body. Look how long these things are. If you use a wedge, point your toes out correctly. Open your hips properly. You can get into deep positions in the squat. It might take a little wider stance. It might take a little bit more of a choke point out, but you can go deep. You're making fucking excuses because you don't like the pain. Up. One more Dylan. One more Dylan. Get it together. Rest for a second. Go. Up. Come on. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. Ragn. Step out. Don't go anywhere. Step out. Arms up. Arms forward. Full deep squat and sit at the bottom. Slow and sit. Pause right there. Don't go down. Don't go up. Keep it. Keep it. Chest up. Up. That's it. Cool. That's tough. How's Brent? I get out. Jump. Jump up. Just try. Just try. My man's got. Up. Maybe. Hey NBA. Where do you at? I don't know if you're so sick. Like I think you just wiggled your body. We think Dylan, when you got stayed at the camera. Cook. I don't want to waste it. Dylan, amazing job. You're the fucking man. Jared, you do what you could today. You still have big calves. That's all that matters. And you're still in the same way attractive generally. And you're injured. You're real real. Very soon. You'll be back to back to grinding in no time. Honestly, you can feel like it can feel shitty to be hurt. I've been hurt a ton. Right now, it's hard for me to raise my arm because it's too. What's that? That's not right here. Hard to break. We're getting deep. But what's actual like this? We'll see you guys next time.