Resist up three one more go slow slow slow slow slow slow slow go go go Not a baby you got two more ends now. We got two reps Yo, what up this me doctor Mike Jared feather I feed pro and I was a deer we need somebody on the channel, but there's gotta be a few things bikini training lower body But um he's like well a lot of her her her her her and I was like somebody with an old school British name like some 19 20 some Titanic type shit and Miss Evelyn here Is oh so fancy my word Evelyn darling You feeling good? I'm feeling great and that's the last time you're gonna say that shit from the next hour hit it All right so that's what you think a sumo squad is No, that's that's tying your shoes. I'm not a star. That's not a sumo spot. This is a really good So one thing I'll say whenever people sumo squad is that They hear sumo and they think wide stance a wide stance squat and sumo spots a little different put your feet a little more narrow And then point your toes out a little more and then it's gonna come from the hips so your knees always track outward So basically push it out your knee out towards your pinky to open your hips a whole bunch More open your hips yeah open your hips open your hips Up So as you start to squat down really force your hips open it's gonna be uncomfortable on us Open even more even more even more out out out now. Yes. Yeah, sumo squad exercise number one The position here is toes out Really letting your feet come out as you go down and pushing your butt as far back as possible to get that big stretch on the glutes We like a slowy centric we like a positive the bottom to really accentuate the eccentric and the stretch load of position Which are very very tied up herrophy Accentuate top and the squeeze is not a whole lot there that causes a ton of muscle growth not nearly as much as a big deep stretch and a slowy centric These are brutal most people think they can do a lot of weight until they do it properly and they can now they do a lot of weight Nor is it feeling any fun, but your glutes get huge and you go to the grocery store and you're like And the boys are like oh my god is that light really? Not gas real I'm real unreal moment Do you want to like do it you're like yeah, what if I do it? Okay fine Anyway, let's go turn Sometimes I miss Mike Really that's your area. What's my call me my I'm very tired so call me dad. Oh fuck off You keep not enough, but the reps keep coming let's go big chest slow great control Slow One more down This is a work set this is reality Evelyn deal with a big chest sit back Right here stand up right here go right here use your body Big chest go Slow Deep Pause Oh You Good job Power all power on Take a little break we'll hit it again We're right here like you fail you failed the worst thing is it happens you're gonna go like this So try to keep your boots under you like this and avoid it Okay, and if you have to do this Try to just push your boots back there and if you can't come up This is you're just gonna be here and you're fine and we'll just pick it up off okay Go to two more down down nobody said rest down right now. We're gonna slow knees out Chest stop Stand up believe in yourself Holy Jared and I'm not gonna help you one more get it together one more stop notting no come on We're no negativity zone positivity only big chest you walk back slow You can do this you can do this wait Fast strong Oh yeah, right Dude I'm really good The training bikini girls a long time You are one of the fucking rare Girls that can push this hard You weren't you weren't kidding and so on the next sets I want you to go to that place again. You know when you start notting no We want you to think now the mud starts Okay now I can do more because if you can't stand up we just got you we got to We just pull it right out and not getting hurt the worst of the happens you have plugs hurt like shit And you're running a bear your toughest fucking nails Let me tell you guys about some above being tough when you're training It doesn't matter how much you scream you can not scream or you can scream a top you You cry doesn't mean you're not tough or that you're pushing yourself in the you are tough You could cry or not crying doesn't matter What really makes you tough and training is this is when the reps get really fucking hard and your whole body is not And you're coach or your inner demons or whatever it hells around Dr. Marika my RPA hurts fayette says do another one do two more do three more you vote You know yes, yes, I don't care I don't care I will fucking die here of course dies metaphoric Somebody fucking dying in the gym. I will push myself to my limits because I want Assension more than I want to just stay the same that's tough Whatever doesn't matter how much you look thing 50 pounds 500 pounds when it's one more rep in the fucking tank One more rep loaded in to the clip you fucking do it and then you do it again and you do it again Because you don't care if you've ever died you just care one more rep that's tough This everyone this real tough it's actually quite impressive and she's way tough with me. I already said it for you can make fun of you now Let's go do actual RAR train T And one more one last one hit it yeah, I like that grimace. Let's go slow open open Being just wait A fast go go one more bonus round one more. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, hit it right now No rest slow. We're here to get a rope a ball fucking day Stand up stand up stand up. Right. Oh my god. That's so robust Somebody try in the day How f*** so good Guys You Next up we are going to do good mornings Which means it's a stiff leg of the lift with a bar on your back So you're taking a nice comfortable stance feet shoulder with the part toes a little bit out You're gonna push your butt back and you're gonna take your butt hole and show it to the corner Between the ceiling in the back wall Who's like that you keep your chest up your tummy out and your knees are gonna want to go forward But you're gonna want to push him back Pain and the hamstrings is how you know this right? If you need more pain you push your knees back more butt back more arch your chest up more and it's gonna be everything slow in the way down Quick any what sets to on the world sets of five to ten I can talk at promise to my job sets of five to ten reps Evelyn is beyond warmed up so we're just gonna get her and a higher first set right away. Knees stable Up one last one hit it Fuff back. There you go. He's back. One of them. He's back. One inch lower and it holds for a second and then up Good job Solid I'll just feel that in your hamstrings. Yeah, yeah, yeah good good yeah good So what do you do to like staying shape? Knees yeah knees back Yeah Beautiful two more Two last ones here. Let's go Push the butt back as far as you can and then knees back to knees back more Yes, up one last one hit it. I want this one deep and I want you to hold it for a second at the bottom begin Go go go go go go go go That's tough knees back deep come on Big now hold hold hold and up Rack George a Celia Just awesome. Hell yeah good stuff. That was very humbling. You do great Oh Hey guys Everyone's doing great Sumo squats good mornings now it's pain time as if that was Lungus with a barbell Jared's gonna warm her up right now and then we'll get to it The thing with walking lunges how Jared does them which is the better way You focus on using your back leg only as a pivot and anchor Just so you don't fall in all of the load Go through that front leg or as much of it as possible why Because the front leg here is the one getting the glute stretch This is where the glute high perch becomes from the back leg. It's a supporting leg So we're gonna have her stay nice and upright Slowly come down all the way using that front leg So you're gonna be looking at me why she's struggling and then she can do a few more reps But she was struggling mostly it's because on the few reps that she started to struggle She was queuing her front leg only and that's really hard Then she pushed more of the back leg you got easier. We're gonna re-cute her for that front leg So you're gonna be getting multiple approaches to failure for the glutes which is amazing Oh Stretch Like only no back leg assistance there it is yeah I Fun Good stuff you're going up more weights consider that a long warm up This is gonna be much heavier. You're gonna do with the exact same way Again right away no rest I Go ahead again go go go go go go go go Again Don't speed them up Your core is too slow. Yeah, let's go and Up Not how we got it here. That's uh it's uh right mark I'm not gonna have your weight yeah, it's your big it was like 80 reps so much fuck super strong Oh I feel that's 25 difference oh it's 90 just kidding Good right away go come on. Well leg make him hurt Good right away go go go go go go go go go Good again go go go go no nodding no nodding just go slow Yeah Again couple more reps in your done. He's definitely Make an harden yourself That's why you're here. Up yes exactly again go great yes go go go two more steps in your done slow Up one last one go Slow I'm gonna put a leg no bullshit Fuck yeah Like press Open open open Keep going keep going keep going keep going Cut and hand this up Lungers are done. I was brutal tough to watch easy to coach last exercise is going to be the leg press Just two sets here with a little RP patented Squat roll shit don't tell it afterwards of course and She got damn she works hard. She's gonna be tough sets of uh 10 to 20 reps probably my rep Been on the channel before you know how it is if you haven't stay tuned because this is going to hurt So many reps as you can do wait three or four seconds breathe a little bit of patop and then more Probably two my rep breaks like that with any set two sets total would grab her get her out Have her do some super more squat and we hit those boots a little bit more at the very end Ouch There it is keep in there two in your done go Slow slow Press go One more one more one more again begin Hit it slow Slow slow control pause up up up up up up up up up go go Oh It's really hard as soon as this set coming up is over I want you to get up as quick as possible It's gonna be very hard. I want you stand right over here. I'll show you again And you're gonna face that when you're gonna take your sumo squat position and you're gonna have your hands up And you're gonna do as many squats as it takes to get those happy feelings back inside Okay My little shaking oh no Down go go Big chest Deep Athletic good rest breathe Get down there and then two in your done hit it Resist slow Yes Press one more down right away down right away slow slow slow slow slow control pause and wait Up go Fair enough. Let's go That's good. Get out. They're good Up You're so fucking strong slow Which hard go oh shit again go slow slow slow Slow push in to me again down go slow resist resist wait Push hard again down almost there. I want four more good reps Up Down slow Up Slow resist Resist don't pause in the top up You can read one more go slow slow slow slow slow go go go go no nobody you got two more reps now you got two reps Up Down slow slow Wait don't go anywhere Don't go anywhere Not Share that rebel shit. She's like I get away from me. I need you Amazing I've heard worse You know you made I'm gonna go ahead and say 99% of the body Well, just that they're on the channel look really bad good job. Thank you. I gave up so many My head sometimes. Yes, everybody does but you got back into it. That's the only thing that matters Oh, it's brutal There's really good you wanted to get a session for a while was it yeah, to the standard that you expect it Very humbling very humbling experience for sure. You think you know You think you know what you got I love it You have been amazing. Thank you wonderful warrior goddess type shit Jared what do you think yeah? I was awesome Don't forget to turn around the mean anytime Yes, thank you. You know me. Don't treat with me because you train way harder than me I would humble me. I am not trying to get humble Folks, that's all we got for you. See you next time