Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Have a little treat video for you today. Any of us that are treat canoes, I don't even know I said that. The glutes are an important muscle target because everyone wants the big glutes. And deadlifting for the glutes is a great option, but what kind of deadlift to do for the glutes is kind of a little bit of a question. I've put my mind to this, all my wrinkles on the top of my head and my bald head. And I really thought about it. And I realized that there is a type of deadlift that really stimulates the glutes. That most people seem to not know about. And I want to make a video now. Other people out there have said similar things before. I'm not trying to name the shit. Although if you are, it's a doctor Mike deadlift. If you have this some thought, we're going to hit you with a few different angles, few explanations to give you a little bit of a thought about what would constitute a very good have-in-it deadlift to hit the glutes specifically. Let's get into it. It's going to do a couple of different variations of deadlifts to show you guys the king shit glute deadlift that I invented. It's not my invention, but it's a great way to take the deadlift and make it a glute target exercise checking multiple boxes. The first thing Jen is going to do is she's going to demonstrate the sumo deficit deadlift. Excellent for the glutes. But it is absolutely a great option. But it suffers from the fact that when you push your legs out like that, you're sort of pre-contracting the glutes. That means that the bottom of the glute stretch isn't going to be as big as if your feet were together. Now, if we put the feet together, we're down to two conventional options that most people think of and neither one of them is ideal for the glutes. So next, we're going to take a look at that regular deficit deadlift and talk about the advantages and disadvantages of that from a glute targeting perspective. And the conventional deficit deadlift, the glutes are hit really well. But in order to get that deep and get a good glute stretch, you're going to have to bend your knees a lot typically. Bending the knees is great, but it takes some of the load away from the glutes and forces it into the adactors and into the quads. Not a bad thing, this is an actual exercise. But how do we get the glutes to do more work? And specifically, how do we get the glutes to stretch big and deep at the bottom, which is a huge growth stimulus? That takes our logic to the next exercise, which is the stiff-legged deficit deadlift, which is closer to what we want, but has a big flaw. Let's see what that looks like and we'll talk about it to big downside. So the stiff-legged deadlift is excellent, excellent, excellent at getting you to bend really deep and stretching the glutes at the bottom and targeting them. It has one fatal flaw as a glute targeting exercise. Because you are keeping your knees back and keeping the tension massively on the hamstrings because of leverages and differential muscle strength in cross-sectional areas, the hamstrings typically are the limiting factor, which you probably noticed when doing stiff-legged deadlift properly, your hamstrings get fucking crazy sore, but your glutes typically don't. The glutes get a pump, they get some growth, but because your hamstrings are a limiting factor, it's not quite what we want, which brings us to the theoretical hypothetical supposition of a really good glute focused deadlift would look like. It would look like a stiff-legged deadlift, but the big cue is as you bend beginning with relatively straight knees. You want as you feel the hamstrings, normally in the stiff-legged deadlift for hands, as you start to feel the hamstring stretch, you lean into the stretch and push your knees back into it. In this deadlift, everything stays nice and tight, your glutes are getting a stretch, but as you go down, you let your knees come forward just enough, not a big bend. Enough so that your ham's lose tension. Then what happens? You get maximum glute stretch under load and your ham's don't take over. This is the doctor, Mike, glute, deadlift. I came up with it and you can't have it. It take that calf and breath, whoever else has glutes. We got bigger glutes, show me glutes, Jen. I made this, she's used these three years or whatever, I came up with it today. Anyway, let's see what those look like. Alright, so it's a stiff leg of that lift, but as you feel tensioner, your ham's your knees come forward a little bit. Yes, yes, but deeper, I want you to touch the ground. Chest up. Yes, there it is, deeper. Feel that deep stretch in your glutes. Knees forward a little, forward. Yes. Good. I'll hold it down to touch the ground and pause for a split second. I want maximum glute stretch. Yes, absolutely. That's so far away. The ground is very far away. Good, let those knees bend a little bit. Good. And one more. Good. And then slow and then we're going to put it down. Is it if you're going to do another? Let those knees bend a little bit. Yes, and that's it. Very good. The huge. Do you feel that in there? The huge. Just bragging at this point. So, to review, sumo deficit, excellent choice for the glutes. Also hits the adductors of tonne. But it lacks that maximum stretch component. Conventional deadlifts from a deficit are great and they do hit the glutes early while. But typically people bring the knees really far forward and stay more upright to be able to lift more weight. Not a damn thing wrong with that for power lifting assistance. For overall lower body, I've purchased it. It's a great choice. But it's not exactly targeting the glutes very specifically because your quads play a pretty big role, especially with a big deficit. And if there's not a big deficit, well, your glutes don't get a big stretch, so it's kind of baby with the bath water. The next choice is a stiff leg of the lift, which is great. It targets the hands, preferentially because they are the limiting factor from those almost locked out knees. So this exercise, the big Q, is it's a stiff leg of the lift at the start. But as you feel tension in the hands, you let your knees come forward, forward, and the my muscle connection should be big stretched out glutes at the bottom. But with deep as you can, keep your tummy out, chest up, knees just bent enough for the hands to be out of the equation. And it's basically this hinge at the glutes is the movement. And your glutes will do the work. If you want to crunch them at the top for a sec, get a good mind muscle. That's another cool choice. But remember, the real money is in that deep stretch, which brings us to some working sets, folks. Jen is going to do these, enjoy the glute entertainment, and give some thought to including these deadlifts in your program. If you'd like to know more sign up in my new website, www.glute.deadlift for hypertrophy doctor Mike slash backslash.com.ccp JK. I think. Slow. That was a best wrap in the whole fucking set. Two more. Two more good ones. Slow. Oh, good. Slow. Up. As this another. Brilliant. Brilliant. Get used to that shit. All right. Hopefully that made some sense. Give this a shot anywhere between five to 15 reps. Typically is good for deadlift. Make sure you control that centric, gentle pause or touch at the bottom. Always really good technique. Make sure to warm up. Do there other stuff. Add this into your arsenal for glute training. Let me know how it works. And we'll see you guys next time.