Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. It is video number nine in our 12 video series about how to build and execute a hypertrophy training program. I am going to be also demoing the RP-high hypertrophy app to you guys. This is the app that I just built. It just came out. People love it. To be honest, I'm recording this video months in advance. So who knows if people like it? But actually our internal team of testers, which is like 20 to 30 people, it was kind of weird because we were trying to get some feedback from them. They were like, hey, like, here, use the app and we were using ourselves. And no one had to really anything to say because we were like, hey, what do you think? They're like, I love it. Leave me alone. Leave me alone. I want to work with my hypertrophy app. Do you have any feedback? Just go away and let me type in these reps and sets and let the other regulation make scientific love to my body. Okay, what if you need a nap? And they just get out of my face. We're like, oh, sorry. I just didn't see anything when I talked to you. In any case, I don't have any friends left because the RPI purgevy app token, do you want a friend? Link in the description. You pay the money. It's a universal program, generally. It's going to hook you up. It's amazing. I built it myself. In any case, sales pitch over progression. Every single week that you do the same exercises in order to make sure that you are sufficiently challenging yourself, you have to make progress. A lot of that occurs passively. As you get stronger, you're going to be able to lift more weight or do more repetitions in any given set. Word up. But training is hard and it's easy to get into your own head and start to doubt yourself and other stuff. So what we like to do in our P is we like to stay one head, one head, one step ahead of the game, and pre plan your progressions for US suggestions. For example, if you do it 100 pounds last week for set of 10, we think you should either do 105 pounds this week for a set of 10 at least. Or 100 pounds per set of 11. Some kind of one low rapper, one low five pound increment, should be the plan. And if you for some reason are too fatigued to hit it, hey, you need to deal with. But if you're not, you need to hit it to make sure you're ensuring little, tiny steps to progress. That is the whole idea of progression. Now, you want small margins. Because you don't want to accumulate a crap ton of fatigued. You're not showing off. You're just getting a little bit more every single time. The cool thing is that the app automatically does this for you. The RP high-perrophy app, then can the description. It does all this for you. You type in your weights. You type in how many reps you got in week one, in week two, three, four, et cetera. It will give you new weights and or new reps to hit. And it will show you what the target is. So to demonstrate here, we have the Camper Barb Edge Press as an exercise, 140 pounds. Notice there's a little target emoji here that not appear in the last videos we did, because those are just week one videos. This is week two. But actually week two, day one, Monday, excellent. The target is 140. That's your target reps. Sorry, the target load after you do all your warm-up soup with that on the bar. And your target reps are 26. Because last time you can scroll back, you just use this calendar function, you can scroll back, a shit we'll just do this now. Last time we did 135 for 26 reps in a first set. So this time, this Monday has 140 for 26 reps. It programs the overload for you. So done are the days if you haven't figured out how much more weight to put on the bar or do more of the app handles this 100% now. Here's the thing. If you want to change what you're doing, you always can. It's always within your hands to change. So it's not like it locks you in here. You can go here and say, well, actually, I want to fucking do 135 or even 145 or anything else. And then it will mess with the reps now. Let me illustrate, this is a really cool function. If you don't change a ton, like 15 pounds or 20 pounds heavier lighter, the app has a predictive matching system that will keep you progressing still present an overload, relatively more than last time, even if you change some stuff. So let's say you're like, you know what, the 2.5 do not exist at my fucking gym. I'm just going to have to do 135 pounds again, because like some guy stole the 2.5s now, we have to order them again. All right, 135. If you think okay, well, how many reps am I going to have to do? It's 26 reps to beat my PR from last time. And if I go back to 135, how many reps do I have to do? I don't know, it was mental math. What is a PR? You click 135 automatically. It changes to 27 reps as your new target. Because it knows what you did last time. And I noticed this isn't a target anymore because you went off target. But that's not a big deal. If you do this again and do all the sets on 135, the next week, it'll try bumpy again to 140 and give you the new target. If you go to 145 instead, 24 reps as your target, because 145 of 24 reps is still technically a PR over last week's 25 reps with 135 pounds. Since up 10 whole pounds, you drop a rep. It's relatively as difficult as 140 would be if we did 26 reps because the under the hood math does the work for you. This is a really, really cool feature. Now, if you say look man, fuck, I just want to do high reps today or some bullshit like that and you say 110, it just says one rep and reserve. And then you type in the reps after that because it doesn't, it can't guess anymore. There's too much variation between humans, too much variation within humans that if it knows you did 135 for a set of 26 last week or a set of 25 or whatever it was, if you do 110 pounds or like 160 plus, it can't guess anymore. So it just says, hey, it just go like one rep away from failure and write down your reps. But if you do that the next time, it'll probably recommend like 115 and then it'll recommend whatever reps you got plus one or the same amount, whatever it gets a tiny overload. So the app handles all this for you and if it doesn't know what's going on, I don't say hey, just do your best and do it here. And as usual, here's the thing. If we go back to 140, which is recommended, the reps here is the target reps after you do the set. You say you know what man I felt like shit, fuck, I had 25. No, as you didn't PR. Later it will tell you this. If you felt really great, then you can type in, you got 27, it'll register that. Then the next week, it won't just be like, hey, just go back to 26 again. It'll know you did better and next week from whatever a better was, it'll challenge you a tiny bit more and a tiny bit more and a tiny bit more. All through the magic of auto regulation done for you. Now here's the thing. You want to treat these rep goal targets exactly as what they are as targets to shoot for. If you're doing the exercise, it's like it says 26 reps and you're getting a 20, you're like, fuck, don't try to go beyond failure, you're curious to get to 26. You just didn't have it that day. Don't worry, the app gives you a chance to not have it that day before recommends recovery. So you can always miss a few reps, it's no big deal. And look, if you miss two workouts of reps in a row, you're getting weaker. It's time for recovery phase anyway, which the app will end up recommending to you at some point when it feels like you need it. If you feel amazing and you're getting to 25 reps, you're still moving like this, you totally can go for 28 or 29 or 30 reps. But I highly recommend not just blowing your load in week two. If the end right before you do you load, hey, fucking, fucking up, do whatever, go to failure, get a spotter. But in all the interim weeks, week one, two, three, four, let's say have a five week accumulation, all the way up three, four, my personal recommendation, which is why it's in the fucking app, is to just get five pounds more or one rep extra. Or if you're leg pressing 600 pounds, 10 pounds more, because it references the original weight, 10 pounds more, and then or one rep extra. Those are little tiny PRs, as long as you're working pretty hard, that's the golden fleece of training. That's what you want. That's what creates the best conditions for muscle growth. So you don't have to show off every time you just go balls to the wall and be like, the app gave me a goal of 27 reps, fuck that, that means 28. No, that motherfucker, it means 27. Because the app knows science of shit. And if you know more science than the app, you can always override and say fucking it's 28. But be careful, don't bite off more than you can chew. The app, as it's default recommendation, is designed to give you the best long term progress period. And if it's way too easy in a certain set, yeah, of course, do more reps. But if it feels pretty challenging, you're like, by the way, I couldn't do more reps in no shit, there's multiple weeks left over. So my best recommendation is to do with the app size. That's it. Folks, link in the description to get the app, you pay money, you get the app, use it, it's amazing. And in the next video series, we are going to talk about another way to regulate volume that has to do with workload and perception, and not just someone else and all that other stuff. There's multiple ways to regulate volume. We want to make sure we got them all covered. In the RPA, I purchased the app, TM, R, we've got them all there. So anyway, see you guys next time.