I'm connecting with the cheapness force. Can you feel it? Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Edassons' Pre-Dization. And today's video is about how to build a home gym for cheap. Whoa! Color me interested. Alright, how do I relate to this topic? You may ask because you may know some facts about me that seem contradictory to me having any relevance to this topic at all. I, it's true. I'm so profoundly wealthy that recently I got into this thing where getting out of a car, finding a parking space, keys, what are they for? It's annoying. So what I do is when I get to my next destination, I just crash my Lambo into it. I go in the gas station, get whatever I need snacks or whatever. Butlers, my butlers, usually follow me around a helicopter. They repelled down military, speck-op style, secure the area. And it's a transport helicopter. And then what they do is they take the crash Lambo away at another transport helicopter while the current transport helicopter wheels down, lowers down another Lambo that's not crashed, pointed exactly into the direction where I want to go next. The keys are in it. It's already odd. If you're Dr. Mike, this is a ridiculous story. Wouldn't somebody get the gas station just to get into your Lambo? What? It's got sniper fucking cover. I think that helicopter isn't going anywhere. Try again, motherfucker. Like fucking bullet explodes next to your lolly shit. You just run away. And the police know about me. So they know, hey, let's, uh, I stopped for Mike's Lambo. You're going to get shot. And he's got all the rights to kill you because it's his fucking shit. That's the kind of level of wealth. I'm deal with it. So clearly, home gym makes no sense to me at all. I have a facility. Vephacility, we call it. However, I do, if I really think back, faintly remember, and this is the real part of the video, I did grow up in the Soviet Union until I was age seven. The idea that you have a gym at all, let alone a home gym was baffling to most people. And I grew up mostly poor for a super long time in the United States, where we moved over here. So I know all about that fucking life of trying to save some fucking money. And the ultimate reason that I can connect with folks that are trying to save money on the shit is because I am genetically three quarters Ashkenazi Jew, which means that when I do this, I'm connecting with the cheapness force. Can you feel it? A few other groups can connect with it. Jesus, this is going to get awfully racist. Should I even say it? Scots that don't name them. You know who you are. Oh, you know who you are. And you know who you're not. The not maybe no, but the are. You, my favorite, if you know. They are coming below which groups. No, no, that'll get us banned. Don't come into anything on that. In any case, stupid jokes aside, here we go. My shut up, you're, take the full whole shit of people think you're funny too seriously. And you don't get to actually do the shit. Let's go to the shit. Here we go. Home gym purchases ranked by performance to price index. You get out of it in the numerator. How much a cost in the denominator? We want maximum effect on our bodies specifically for muscle growth from what we buy with the minimum cost to our wallet and pocket book. I rank one is adjustable dumbbells. You know them ships where you fucking click the 16 and 16, you put it back down, you click the 40 and it's 40 pounds, those things. It kind of doesn't matter how much they cost. Because whatever they cost, it's fucking worth it. Because if you have a dumbbell set that goes all the way from 10 pounds to like 50 pounds or something like that, you can do so much with those just two dumbbells that the price of $152.53 or $50 is all fucking justified. Just save your money for a while. When you buy that, I would probably get the warranty on it. They often often have to sort of think, because they're clicking mechanism in some models of excellent and some like three weeks later. It's like not clicking in or whatever. So definitely keep your receipts. But those adjustable dumbbells are just men. My vote for the best price performance or performance price, rate per 12, is as price performance. I was wondering if that'd be the other way around. I'll just say performance prices, new narrator, denominator. And those are just like I can't recommend them more. So if you ask me like, hey, what's like one piece of equipment, I'm on a budget, I'm just, but adjustable dumbbells. That's it. The next thing you buy, assuming you already have adjustable dumbbells, this is how this list works. I'm not going to rank these in terms of like, well, you could also just buy this. There's no, I want you to buy adjustable dumbbells first, in almost every case. The second thing you buy when you come into some more money, maybe your criminal enterprise has seen an uptick or whatever. I'm not going to judge how you make money. You're only fans got a few extra subs. That's how I make money. The next thing you want to buy is an adjustable bench press, which has flat and incline multiple incline options. Maybe even it has one of those seat hook thingies for your feet and goes into a decline. So you can use it as an ab bench as well. That's not super mandatory, but flat and incline. Seeing that you have adjustable dumbbells now and you have an adjustable bench, you're multiplying the number of exercises that you can do in a combinatorial way. It's intense. You can do an unreal amount of shit with just those two pieces of equipment. And I'm going to say this without one to find a point on it, you can get in a fucking really good shape. If for most people viewing this channel, you may be able to get into like the shape you've always wanted, at least not limited by your equipment anymore. So that's a really great start. And also the big benefit. If you live in a very small apartment, you have just like a room you're renting in a house or whatever, a fucking adjustable bench, plus a set of adjustable dumbbells. And there's some shit you put off into the corner. The fucking cat gets in there. Oh, dumbbell crushes the cat. Oh, you come home, the cat's been dead for 12 hours. Jesus Christ, I want South. I'll just stop that one. Number three, if you've got those things already. And in some cases, even if you don't, but really outperfer those two things already, adjustable dumbbells are adjustable bench, my next big recommendation is to buy a budget power rack, squat cage or whatever you want to call it. And usually they come with Olympic weightlifting bars that have like 300 pounds on them. If you just buy the power rack, I would say Olympic bar needs to be your next purchase. You can get utility out of a rack without one, but really the two are like match made in heaven. Or rack, plus bar with like up to 300 pounds of weight, just standard Olympic straight bar, is something you can almost always get if you bargain shop for under a thousand US dollars as of 2023. And that thing right there by itself is going to get you almost as far as you ever want to go and fitness. If you're really clever and creative and you watch our videos about how to vary exercises and modify stuff for home gyms and minimal equipment, we have those videos already by the way, give them a Google. And with an adjustable bench and adjustable dumbbells, if you also have a power rack with a barbell in some weights, holy fucking shit. Now here's the thing, there are amazing racks out there that are phenomenal. D1 sport performance grade racks, elite fitness systems, they make a fucking unbelievable series of racks. There's a ton of other competitors in the space that make awesome shit. The video is not about that because you don't have $5,000 to a rack with fucking eight band hooks to some shit. I'm not denigrating these things. These racks are amazing and absolutely worth their fucking weight in gold. Not literally, I guess. You know what I mean? They're a great piece of equipment. And if you have the money, I would absolutely buy them. But this is about making a home gym on a budget. That means you want to get the cheaper racks. As long as it's made a fucking steel and you're not the world's strongest man, you're not going to break the fucking shit. Look up some fucking Amazon reviews and people are like, oh, this is pretty good. I've had this on my house and I've used it for years. That's all you fucking need. That you can get pretty goddamn cheap. Next, there are a bunch of companies that sell cable attachments to put on to your power rack so that you can have cable curl, row, try set push down and face pull and even pull down options. This is a humongously awesome, super efficient use of your money. Does it take your already existing power rack on which you can do everything you do in the gym damn here and gives you cable options? Huge victory. Now at the end of this saying fucking I'll just skip. Skip one slide, Scott the video guy. There is actually something on the market. I don't know if it's a vetted and if it's good, but I know there's other versions of this that are pretty damn good. If you Google full body train power rack squat cage with cable clock crossover and machine attachments, you get this whole insane set for actually a very reasonable sum of money depending on where you are and what the market is. It is a power rack with a dip stand with cable attachments with a rowing plate for your feet with a bar holder and a different row setup. This is that thing that I'm talking about, the only thing it's missing is a bench and some dumbbells. You can actually combine with that points three and four into a fucking unbelievable home gym setup on real. And if you already have a rack, there are cable attachments and various workouts you can buy for it that will be really, really good and give a lot of utility. Lastly in your home gym collection, this is a huge one. I can't put to find a point on this. The next investment you want to make that's the most worth your money is to purchase different cable handles for the cable attachments. You got the narrow pulling handle, you got the tricep pushed on handle, you got the wide parallel handles, you got them fucking shits that look like you've cut your hands into those, your own, say in the mad grips. This you have cable attachments and you get a different cable attachment. If you have a cable station, which you now do, if you get a different attachment, it's like getting a different machine because that's how much variation you can milk out of just different rips. And because most of these cable attachments are like between often less than 50, but usually no more than $100, that's like buying another machine for 75 bucks, holy fucking shit. So if you're tired of doing cable rows like this, you buy another attachment, now you're doing them like this. Then you're doing them like that. And a lot of times, some of the bars that are kind of squiggly will have multiple points of contact for you and they're inherently multiple machines in one. Different attachments are such a huge effect on variation that in my own home gym, I have a whole wall my friend made for me that just has hooks on it and I'm like collecting different attachments that I have. And it's awesome because I look at their number one, what kind of fun stuff do I do do this, mess of cycle? And it's really just having a ton of different machines, but super low cost and extra bonus super safe, saving on space. If you're fucking machines of a nasty footprint, they cost a thousand fucking about five thousand, what am I saying? Five thousand fucking dollars. They sit in a fucking five by five area that's not fucking useless and you can't go there anymore unless you're in that one fucking pack deck machine and that's all it's good for. There's a little different cable attachments including the single arm ones, like the what is it, the E-DZ USA ones or whatever, that shit is fire symbol, fire symbol, fire symbol, it is unreal value. So to review. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro body builders? The most effective muscle growth training app ever made. With years now, adjustable dumbbells, number one gym purchase, for a home gym with a budget, number two, get yourself an adjustable badge and you can get these, you know, a few rich, you can get a few of these at the same time. Power rack with barbell with some weight on it, cable attachment to power rack, maybe you can buy a power rack that's both of those combined, three and four, the actual rack and the cable attachments internally built. If you're really on a budget, I would recommend that. And lastly, different cables for different attachments for different cable options. If you just buy these five things, you may in many realistic scenarios be spending, I'm going to say only 1500 bucks. Fifteen hundred bucks is a lot of fucking money. But to have a home gym, which basically means you never have to fucking leave. And you have everything there that you want. And you can get almost optimum results. I would say that's fucking worth. And some of you that are great bargain shoppers and fine things used, you could do better. You could buy all this for 700 or 800 or 900 bucks. That's essentially a full-scale home gym in a fraction of a room in your house. That's pretty fucking good. So give that some thoughts and listen. If you guys have comments on what else you think constitutes a really good value, please post them below. I don't know if YouTube allows this, that if you have links to really good deals, just names so that YouTube doesn't filter out your links. Because sometimes if you post links, it just says go fuck yourself. If you have names of things to search, that are great value options for anything on this list, or anything else you think is valuable, please post them below. And if you see something really like or like, oh, that's a good one. I love that suggestion, like it, so that the high-light comments filter them top. Because when folks come to this video and search of what kind of shit do I need to buy for my gym on a budget, they'll read the comments and they're like, oh fuck, that thing exactly is the thing Dr. Mike said, click on the link. Oh my god, it works. So they search the term hell, yeah. They buy it. Gym manufacturers make lots of money. They go home and they feed their old families, old poor children. And they give them food. Hey, because thank you for clicking. And you guys get jacked, everyone wins. But the real winner, us, because we monetize on YouTube. How yes, money, bring more money. In any case, guys, thank you for tuning in. Let me know if you have any questions comments below or what equipment you think is going to add to this list. I will see you next time.