Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrridsation and today's video is about how to use machines in the gym best to grow muscle and get the most optimum training that you can. Here's the deal. Machines can work super, super great for training. But while three weights automatically conform to your body structure and position, if you're five foot one versus if you're six foot six, the bench press, the row, the squat, they fit your body no matter what because your body determines the trajectory. Yes, some taller people with red limb ratios have trouble with some lifts, but a lot of times simple corrections can totally remediate. Machines are built for a specific range of heights and often even not very well. And the machine does not have sometimes any degrees of freedom or very limited one. So this is a big reason why sometimes a lot of machines are really tough to get a good feel out of to get a very good stimulus to fatigue ratio to get a good tension pump burn while minimizing joint and connective tissue stress. However, we do have tips for you here in this video how to get the most out of your machines if you train yourself amazing. Welcome, this video will be awesome for you, but especially if you're a personal trainer and you train clients, this can really help you optimize your use of machines for clients of all different shapes in size. Remember, the machine is still limited and especially shitty machines can only be optimized so much, but working with whatever machines you have, you can do better and you can do so with at least five of the following tips. First, range of motion really is good for muscle growth, especially range of motion at the stretch. So you can set up a lot of machines to get that range of motion out of them. For example, if you have a chest press machine, a lot of times the back pad has a selectorized moving implement into which you can set the back pad to be recessed back or progressed forward. If the implement only come down solo, you can push the chest pad up and all of a sudden you can go deeper. If that pad does not exist, which you can do, just take one of those like purple yoga pads, which if you don't know what that is, literally Google, purple yoga pad, and Amazon will show you all the options. It's the purple yoga pad when it comes up on Google Image Search. Watch GBT's do all this by the time the video is out and people are like, what's Google Image Search? Goddamn, the young ass tick-tockers, you take the yoga pad, you put it behind you, and all of a sudden that's two extra inches for your range of motion, which is something you can probably benefit from in other areas of your life. Booting. Shhh. I'm here all day folks. Another idea is many hamstring curls, specifically lying leg curls, they just don't have that stretch at the bottom for your hands, but courtesy of Mr. Trevor Fullbright, who runs our team full-round for him for us. You put a yoga pad below your thighs right on top of the machine, lay down on it, and all of a sudden that's two extra inches that you are moving in a very stretched, highly loaded position for your hamstrings. It can make that machine and many others a ton better. Of course, leg press is the quintessential one here. For leg presses, pattern to the lower back prevents your back from rounding and increases the range of motion. So if you lean the back pad as far as it goes, put some yoga pads or mats under your lower back, that can take a shitty leg press or a decent leg press and make it into a good leg press or even a great leg press. Next, when you are training on machines, the machine is not going to be conducive in most cases to rapid ballistic concentrics. Especially if you're a power lifter or someone from a strength training background, it's okay to push the dumbbells up on a dumbbell press really fast. Totally cool. But on a machine a lot of times you'll get more out of the movement if you don't know so much think about slowing down the machine but being controlled with it. Really having that control, because the machine already puts you into a specific arc, controlling and really trying to connect with your muscles, maybe a much better use of your time than actually trying to be ballistic with. Number three, this is huge. If you get a machine and you try it for a set and you're like, ah, feels off, don't just leave. Experiment with different grip positions, with different foot positions, with different body positions to see how you can maximize the use of that machine. You can even do the set to set to set, as you warm up. You warm up with a wide grip on this pulled-down machine thing and you're like, you're up with an air grip, second set, you're like, you warm up with a medium grip and you're like, okay, okay, okay, that feels best. My joints feel pretty good. I can feel my last stretching, now we're in business. What you're going to be doing as you're warming up and even as you're using the machine over several weeks is playing with your position of your body and every all the limbs that you're moving and even the settings and the machine like moving the chest pad and the butt pad and everything is you're going to be looking for the stimulus to fatigue ratio, proxies, things like, does one of the positions get you better pumped than the others? Does it get you better tension? Does it get you better burn the target muscles and is one of the positions or some of the positions better for your joints and connective tissues? Maybe you set the skull crusher, we're trying something you machine on a certain setting and every time your elbows are creaking like, how, how is a stupid? If you raise the seat all of a sudden you're in their jamming and you're elbows feel great. That's some stuff to look for instead of just abandoning and being like, this is a terrible triceps machine. Maybe it is, but you haven't really given it to diligence yet. Point number four is to be open-minded about set and rep range and modality possibilities for machine. Yes, if you lie down and do two sets on a hamstring curl for sets of 10, you may not get a whole lot of anything out of it and be like, this is a fucking stupid waste of time. I could do two sets in a stiff leg, I'd done a good morning and my hamstrings would be that for five days, true. But hold on a sec, that machine also does a fatigue you much and it doesn't take as long to do a set of leg curls as it does to set up, walk out, do a set of stiff leg and other walk back in, sure shit you don't have to load weights on the bar, just select rise. So now I'm a leg curl, try three or four or five sets. Try a different modality. Like a myorat match. For example sets of 10, but every time it's a set of 10 and if you get two tired, you set of 10, do as many reps as you can and then finish up the set with as many reps as are left over. First set of 10 really close to failure. Second set you get eight, rest for a few seconds, then get the other two, that's 10. Next time you do six, rest two, rest two, that's 10 total. That multiple times bringing close to failure is nothing you lever need out of most freeway movements because they're more stimulative, but on a machine that's not so stimulative you can really really milk it out. And the other thing is to be open-minded about repetition ranges. You know, sets of 10 on a stiff leg are a bit amazing, but on a hamstring curl sets of 10 could be like, I'm just not contracting the muscles for long enough to do a whole lot of anything. Try sets of 15, try sets of 20. I'll have a sudden that provides great variation, something different than you do with your stiff leg and leg abud lifts, but at the same time it's zapped your shit and it works. Lastly exercise order. You may use leg extensions for example as a first exercise and it's like not a lot going on here. I don't just get tired and I'm tired for my squats, but if you try leg extensions after squats or leg presses as a, and I hate to use this chair, this is a bullshit term. Finish or just a second or third exercise, you can find that okay, wow, now that I'm warmed up now that I feel stronger now that my joints are good, I can really milk the last little bit of burnout of my leg extensions. So then you wouldn't use leg extensions as a prime mover, sorry, as a first exercise, really big movement, but you wouldn't write them off completely either, you would say, hey, they're great, but maybe as a third movement or as a second movement in my quadriceps routine. At the very end, once you've done your due diligence, you've tried all these things. Some machines you'll be able to get a lot out of you. Like, oh my god, think I did these things because man, this leg press now I can really get a ton out of. Other machines you'd be like, it's a fine machine to do for a month's cycle or two with all the alterations that I've been doing, but it's never going to be a rock star machine. And then three is you could just totally dog ship machine that you don't want. You want to try at least a few sessions usually a mesocycle with a machine and it'll be able, you'll be able to tell which one of those categories you can place that machine. And if it's really category three, it's just fucking still sucks, fucking abandoned ship, go use all the other machines, be like, yeah, the machine just blows dick, maybe come back to it or hear it to from now your body will be different, your leverages, your technique, you might be able to figure something out about how the machine works to make it better. And then you could try it again. So don't necessarily write it off forever forever, but feel free to confidently write it off for at least a while. Because look, some machines are just built by people who don't seem to know biomechanics, the human body, or basic mechanical engineering principles. Crazy how that works. Folks, thank you so much for tuning in. If you want more nerdy stuff, we will see you in the members section. And if you want extra super nerdy stuff, including personal reaction with me, you guys know how people do feet picks on only fans. I do eye picks. It's really close ups of my eyes. Whoa, how many veins are in there? A ton, but I can't tell you exactly, you'd have to pay. See you in the team full-round forum. That link is below. Plus, you get crazy discounts on our P products and you also get diet and training and fall along with the rest of us. Thank you so much for tuning in. Like, subscribe, swipe. See you next time.