What's up folks? It's me, Dr. Mike. From YouTube. I know where we are on YouTube. So hello. This is the first video of a probably 12th part series on how to build your muscle growth training program. So I'm going to do two things. I'm going to talk you guys through the theory and practice of how to arrange your training program. And then, because your boy, oh, Brad, Brad. It means a lamboe. We got this whole training at business coming out. RP hypertrophy out to be specific. It costs money because the money goes to the Lamborghini. You guys are in other works. And I would like for you to consider buying it. And I will be illustrating. Right there. Scott the video guy right there. Yes, excellent. Excellent. Synergy. I will be illustrating how you would build a hypertrophy training plan with the RP hypertrophy app, which will be out very soon. This is the first time we're saying in public. Around mid May 2023. So if you're watching this video in up to mid May 2023, then hit the link into the description because it's going to take you to a mailing list where we take all of your information, social security, all that shit, grandma's getting bunked off. We're going to take her money. No, wait a second, that wrong. We are going to sign you up. You just clicked the button and there's volunteerly sign up for a promo list where you get tons of goodies and then a huge discount price and first look access at the RP hypertrophy app. When it comes out in mid May, like the 15th ish would do a whole mid of that. If you are here later, which maybe you are because you're traveler from the future, then you want to still hit that link. Same link. But what's going to happen in that case is it'll just take you right into a purchase screen for the app where we trick you with all kinds of pricing and positioning, dividing the thing you hate. But once you buy it, you learn to love it. That's how I've been telling myself about the RP hypertrophy app. I've been using it. When my training actually so has got the video guy and we both love it. Love it. He loves it. He knows what he's supposed to say. Corporate chills. Tell everyone what to do. So enough about that enough upselling. Let's talk about how to make a split. The first thing you need to know is how many days a week you want to train. There's a couple of things that factor into that equation. Number one is you just take the number of days in the week. Divide by 18 multiplied by time. Just kidding. Take a number of days in the week and you pick out the days or a number of days that you can for sure make it into training regularly. Because picking a five day a week program should get them going to get you at five days would it takes great. But if you make the unfortunate error of overestimating your adherence abilities, you end up being like only available three days a week, some days, some days, some days for you will fall back on your playing. You'll have a bunch of missed days. The kind of sucks. Now truth be told the RP hypertrophy app completely covers you on that front so you can just go at your own pace. But from your own personal, comic perspective it's annoying. So when you're building your own program with you do it with the app or without this video. By the way, every tip I'm going to give you works without the app, it's just super easy with the app and pay money and then it becomes much easier. If you are building your own plan, it's good to be able to have hide here and because that you know basically guarantee is that you'll be at the most successful possible and you won't psychologically debilitate yourself. It's nothing like letting yourself down. It doesn't matter what goal you set. If it's set of go high enough, that's out of your reach, you're going to feel disappointed when you don't reach. So if you have a goal of making a million and a half dollars, you only make a million, you think you have to assume it's a college or you're going to get upset. So if you want to train four days a week, would you only make it three just to do the right thing and say okay, I want three days a week. Okay cool. Second, ask yourself the question of what your training age is. Are you beginner, intermediate or advanced? If you're a beginner, two to three training days a week, like if you've been training for zero to two years and you're still in getting your new gains, two to three days a week is going to hook you up with great results and it won't over well new because a lot of training for a beginner can be physically and psychologically overwhelming. I just like I just didn't sign up for this. If you go to the gun range and you want to pupe you a little bit, that's cool. But if your first trip to the gun range is you end up just getting off a truck in your own world war three and here's like here's a gun you fucking maggot, go shoot these aliens. You're like, what the fuck these are aliens? I can't shoot a real gun. I'm out of here. This sucks. It's a bit too much, too much too soon. And that absolutely can happen. Tons and tons of people. I'm not just saying this to bullshit with you guys and get an opportunity to joke about shooting aliens a world war three, which we all know against the aliens. I've seen enough movies. It's just that I've seen so many people. I mean, I've been training for a lifting weights for 25 years now. I've been a professor for about as long. I'm getting a little short of that of sports science. I've just gone through a lot of stuff. And I just seen so many people be like, man, five days a week. And they're the first month of lifting. And then they just burn out. You just never see him again. So don't do that two to three days a week, maybe four days a week if you're a beginner. But I guess not better even for that two to three for beginners and most cases. In our meeting, it's been training two to three years to five to seven years. You know training and know your body. Anything like three to five days works really well. And if you're advanced, seven years plus, really, in the groove, really know your body anywhere between four and six days, or even four and two a days a week. And by two a days, I mean, like you train six days a week, but three of those days are two a days to two nine sessions. That works as well. If you are beginner and intermediate and you for the first time are training with a certain frequency. Let's say you're usually used to training twice a week as a beginner. Now you've been lifting for two years. You bump up to three days a week. You're training for three days a week for a while. If you have a couple of mesocycles, a couple of programs, about a month long each, in which you have the distinct situation of, I want more training and want more results. I love training and I can recover from this no problem. And on the days I'm not in the gym, and just like, ah, just doing your mom knocks and you're like, what mom? She's like, just go train, you're like, but the program says, if that's you, then you're ready for another day of training. But what I'm saying is dip your toe in first. Give it a couple months of just training with whatever frequency is on the low end. You can always add more. And training frequency is one of these things that the low frequencies were really, really well. Your level of effort ratio to results is really high when you train low frequency, like two or three days a week. As you go four or five six days a week, your effort multiplies by a lot. But unfortunately, your results only add by a little bit. So it's worth it to you, and it could be, but you got to make sure that it's worth it if you've got amazing results from three days a week, don't change anything. And that you can recover both physically and psychologically and you want more. Because you could mean a position we train 30 days a week, recovering physically no problem psychological and a problem. Something's like, what do you think for days a week? Next month and you're like, hmm, not, I'm good, man. I just, I'm getting great results and I just don't want to train anymore. I prefer to do other things with my time. Like video games, book reading, loneliness. Oh, girls, that's nice to do girls. Ooh, did that come off right or wrong? It's got the video guy. Well, not like, so at the video guy would know anything about girls. She was Mr. You sure been with a lot of pretty girls before. It's got to be the guys a chat, everyone knows this. In any case, that's the deal. Third, so first we got how many days can you for sure train? Second is picked a number of training days roughly corresponding to how advanced you are in training and your training history. And third, you pick the number of days you actually want to train per week and ideally pick which days you want to go on. You don't have to do that. You can do what's called a floating schedule where you just like show up, train, heal, train again, heal two days later or one day later, train again, no problem. Usually better to label your training days. So we're going to try a four X split just for illustration purposes. I got actually Scott video guys laptop here. I'm going to pawn it off after hey Scott figured how much money am I getting for this laptop? 33 dollars. Not bad. It's got a microchip and everything. So let's make this plan. We are right here. This is the real. This is the alpha version not even the beta version. The open paid beta is coming in mid-May and then of course advanced versions after that that will recognize whether you're a machine ally or not scanning they'll do all that. But for now this is the alpha version so feel free to judge the interface but it'll be getting better. We have an option here so we can choose a preset mess of cycle. That's kind of dope and or we can create a custom mess of cycle. So we got a question here. What is your sex? There's no option for yes. That's not that easy to get sex. So I'll say mail I'm a passable mail and since this is an Apple computer I have no idea I click on things okay and if we are on choose a preset mess of cycle, if you're not into all this mumbo jumbo of creating your own plan which would be curious that you clicked on this video at all you can absolutely hit one of these presets and it'll just load everything for you and you can also hit a preset and then change what you like and don't like and then go to town. But just for the purposes of this demonstration we are going to want to say create custom mezzo. All right so we are doing a four-day split but since we hit custom we get ported in to the custom program creator screen which is super cool. This is only currently two days. So we are going to add a day and we are going to add a day and it says no label but we are going to pick our days. So I'm saying Monday and we're going to say this is labeled as Tuesday and Wednesday. How we say the word as it's spelled so that I can help remember how to spell. Actually that was dumb. We need a day break so actually Friday and we're going to change this Wednesday that you know this is organic because I'm making mistakes on the spot and then we get to the point where we have four days laid out and we can begin to add muscle groups. When you're choosing muscle groups here are the rules and this is if you're making your own program in your own time or if using the RP i. Birch of e.h. First in most cases you only want to choose like four to six muscle groups maximum per day to train. Why? You can do more if you train only two or three times are we but if you train four or five six times a week four to six is plenty because you're going to get so tired after training a bunch of muscle groups. Imagine training seven muscle groups per day after you've trained a six muscle group that day what stimulus are you really going to be able to deliver on the seventh muscle group. I mean fuck it's you're really just mailing an hit at that point. Someone's like will you train an actually buy somes they're like yeah you're ready to get that pump you're like I am barely alive anymore I don't even know if I'm standing up or if this is a dream. So I would say if you want to hit it hard keep the quality high keep the number of muscle groups relatively small. Well normal and that's why you can have Monday Tuesday Thursday Friday you can have an upper body lower body that whole thing and get everything all of your basis covered through this kind of split. Number two before we fill in these exercises or pick the muscle groups rather whatever is most important to you goes first. That is huge, huge, huge because you have the most energy when you start training and whatever you have the most energy for at the beginning you have the most stimulus drive to. If you really want a big back but you train back as your fifth exercise or fifth movement or fifth muscle group of that day really what are you how much back row through you getting? On the other hand if you train back first you can we warmed up properly connect with that muscle group thrash that shit violence type energy and then really really good things happen. Point three is you want to try to split up the same or similar muscle groups such a way that they're trained symmetrically through the week and there's enough time between them to recover more. So for example if you want to train chest in a four way split or four day split rather it's cool probably to train chest Monday and Thursday or Tuesday and Friday but if you train chest Monday and Tuesday you run into two problems. Problem number one is that you're supposed to be recovering and growing on Tuesday from the stimulus you put into your chest Monday but you're interfering with that growth and recovery by training it hard again. And secondly when you're supposed to be training hard on Tuesday for your chest you can't because you're tired fatigue to sore and less able to produce force and thus present an overload in a stimulus because you're fucked up for Monday. It makes sense no way that you slice it. Now if you reduce the volume sufficiently of each one or at least the Monday you can go back to back then what the fuck do you do with the rest of the week? You generally want symmetry spreading muscle group support as much as possible. Lastly and this is fancy but you guys get the fancy because this is my honest honest predestination we're trying to get you all the science is you want to avoid narrowly muscle group overlap that isn't obvious but will screw up your ability to have a good training stimulus. For example if you do chest Monday and chest Thursday but triceps Tuesday and triceps Friday that could work but it could not work because your chest is something when you train at Monday Thursday if you do pressing it could leave your triceps tired and sore for the Tuesday Friday workout which is not ideal for the stimulus end of those workouts. When you train your triceps Tuesday Friday they're surely after the Friday thing is fine because you have two days of recovery. But if you train your triceps Tuesday and you got to hit your chest again on Thursday it's kind of like you might still be not so fresh because your triceps are still fucked up and then you got to train chest again and then because your triceps are really tired the limiting factor becomes triceps and more than likely you're just going to start to get elbow pain and stuff like that. So those are the rules you want to use and that's the deal now about to make this sample workout split here as I said before if this all sounds really intense and you're like, bro, what the fucking science? Jesus just build a fucking program. Great. We have programs for you preset into this app already if you simply go and click preset instead of custom and then you pick the number of days you want to train per week and it's got you doing all the lower body upper body whole body chest and back arms and shoulders etc etc and these are already loaded with muscle group selections for you I personally made all of these right? So the upsides are that you already have a structure and first of all you pay nothing extra with these. Yes every single of these every single RP high purtrophy app has 25 plus programs in it already you pay nothing extra for them it's not like unlock this program for $1.50 fuck that is just in there and will always be in there. You can choose one that's as close to what you need or ideally exactly what you need and there's tons of options for today 3 day 4 day 5 day 6 day everything all the different us and groups prioritize and lastly you can run every day I'm like fuck thinking click work out boom and jacked or you can say you know I really do like this whole split I just don't like the biceps is on this day I kind of wanted this other day you can click and drag anything you want around I'll show them a sec or delete or add and thus you can take a basic split that's good from Dr Mike household name and modify to exactly what you need it to be right and if you fucked up a little bit too much try to modify something and you're like I don't even know where I began fuck it click the back button delete that mesocycle or just leave it alone and you can create a new mesocycle anytime you want which is super super fucking dope right so I'm gonna go ahead and add some muscle groups here see with the options or chest is first how yeah you guys know bros made this shit so chest and it asks me to select an exercise but we will be doing that in next video because which exercises you select is entirely a whole different topic so let's say chest and then we do back watch this this is gonna piss off a lot of people let me go to Tuesday and we go buy steps try steps oh yeah oh wait for it shoulders and traps but wait there's more Thursday we're gonna do back and then chest kind of cool to give one priority over the other both have a day in which they're pushed in ones on which they're not and then Friday we start with shoulders and traps we go buy steps next and we finish up with triceps and if that's not the perfect plan for a bro physique I don't know what is yes we could have trained abs but fuck that so that's the split and that basically takes us to a point where we are ready to potentially click and create the mesocycle however we will not be doing that because the nuance of what exercises to pick takes its own video and we will see you guys next time for that video and if you're excited about the RPI Perchriffy app or it's after mid May 2023 and you're also excited about the app but it's already out either just go in the description click on the link either sign up for the beta release with tons of good goodies in the bundle and tons of emails full of free stuff or just click on it and you'll be taken right to a pay screen where your money comes in and my Butler's buying Lamborghinis comes out that's the machine we're building here folks we'll see you next week for exercise selection talk you through principles concepts theory and illustrate on the RPI Perchriffy app see you then