0.5 micrograms per day. That's what consumer reports use is. They're cut off and it showed that some powders were as high as almost 8 micrograms per serving, which is like almost what 16 times higher. So where does that take them? Red, you probably shouldn't even have one of these protein shakes a day. That's crazy. You would think, do not click away yet because we need ad revenue. No, no, sorry, I'm not supposed to say that part of a lot because there is way more to the story. Yeah, more than meets the eye, see? Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strengthen. It is there too much lead in your protein powder and in your protein shakes. Tonight, news at 11. Tenanton, tenanton, tenanton, Scott, we'll you do the honors of putting some like that on me? Alex Willough. Who the hell is Alex? He's some poor guy that's forced to look at your street. Alex, I love you, man, do your best. All right, apparently lead in protein shakes is killing us. Let's begin to what is going on. Consumer reports ran lab analysis of 23, I think, protein, powders and shakes. Sometimes mixed together, I'm kidding. They found more than two thirds of these exceeded their own, though will soon realize it's about their own level of concern, amount in the lead per serving. News outlets, the usual ones, they're just doing their job, putting out news that's delicious and people will click on the Washington Post, people magazine CBS, they picked it up and ran with it, bold headlines the whole situation and I'm sure you've seen it. And earlier to kind of set this up, the clean label project published a study saying around 47% or roughly half of protein products tested exceeded at least one heavy metal threshold, but do not click away yet because we need ad revenue. No, sorry, I'm not supposed to say that are allowed because there is way more to the story. Yeah, more than meets the eye, see? Yeah, say. So the question is on which standards is it too high because there's not one universal set of standards. So what I say is too much lead and protein powder, it's according to who. And it turns out the one consumer reports is using is California's Proposition 65, safe harbor for lead as it concerns reproductive toxicity. And that cutoff is at 0.5 micrograms per day, half a microgram per day. Remember that 0.5 will come back to it. That's what consumer reports uses. They're cut off and it showed that some powders were as high as almost eight micrograms per serving, which is like almost what 16 times higher. That's crazy. You would think. Now the FDA is much more generous. The FDA capsits top level at 8.8 micrograms per day, which those proteins still are under, but if you think about it, all the other stuff you eat through the day also has lead in it will get to that in just a bit. And so you think, oh my god, like this one thing is almost all of my lead per day better drink more of it to get more lead. It's got wouldn't that be the, you know, those 50s for fake 50s ads for like better living through chemistry? Well, she was more a little make me strong and help me fight the Soviet Union and space. So maybe lead is good for you. Well, it's not, but you know, 50s kids sure likes his daily dose of lead. I trust had no business is more than my own family. It's got anything of any one talent. It's seeing pro corporate pro Western, pro science, 1950s kid, flare. Very niche. Isn't it? But, but, but, but so wholesome in a dystopian way. Here's the deal. Food drug administration, it's basically 8.8 is the cut off. However, for women of child bearing age, it was some ladies, not literal children, though, but we can practice that. And for children, it's so that the sort of 8.8 is for women of child bearing age. Everyone else is even higher. For children, it's 2.2 micrograms per day, who weigh less. Is a children need less lead apparently or can have less lead, which makes sense. That is total diet limit. So already roughly 7 grams from one protein shake, seems concerning. We'll get back to that in a bit. And USP, United States, Pharmacopias, more voluntary institution, their cap is 10 micrograms, really close to the FDA limit. So the California Prop 65 is 0.5, and the other 2 are roughly 10. Whoa, is that a huge difference. Now, we have to ask ourselves the question of what is the context for this? And the best way to do context is to analyze the lead in typical foods. Because you can think, oh my god, protein patterns are poisoning us, but let's hold on a second, how much lead do regular foods have? And it's not zero. Let me give you a brief, like I have a few of these here, several point range to really start to paint a picture. And this is where the story starts to look wacky. And let the traditional news media coverage did quite get the whole picture. Cinnamon, Scott Simmons, healthy right, white women buy it. It's a thing you buy. Yeah, that's awesome. Gen Sang and style. Exactly. A teaspoon of cinnamon, which is common ingredients in many foods has about 2.6 micrograms of lead, which means that's already five times higher than the Prop 65 threshold. So if you happen to be a person that has cinnamon, and you really think the Prop 65 value is a objective and rational and makes sense, it doesn't. We'll talk more about later. Why it really doesn't buy many orders of magnitude. Then you had better never eat cinnamon yet. But it gets worse, it gets potato chips. They're not that healthy for you. They have 3.6 micrograms. So remember, FDA roughly, FDA, USP cut-offs around 10, right? And then the 0.5 is that that California Prop 65. So we're 3.6 on that scale way higher than Prop 65. You could have written the identical article, Scott, the identical article about protein, and simply replaced cinnamon or replaced with potato chips. You would have the identical article, but it gets worse, Scott. You ain't ready for this shit. Next we have proteins, the worst offenders of which are around 7, but most of them are substantially lower. So really, most proteins are less, less than cinnamon and potato chips. But some two of them were much higher. Next up, sunflower seeds. Sunflower seeds are very healthy. 30 gram handful of sunflower seeds, which is typically around a serving, has around 10 micrograms of lead, which is if my math is correct, 20 times the California Prop 65 minimum safe dose, maximum safe dose, my apologies. Okay, no more sunflower seeds. Scott, you could have made an article that was even more soullacious about sunflower seeds. Dude, I've eaten so many sunflower seeds in little league. Good news, bad news. We're going to die real soon. Here's where the good news sweet release. You're a bad person and it's good that you're going to die soon. The sweet release of the death. And maybe, all right, here's the kicker guys. And I wasn't ready for the shit when I looked into it and I double checked. Ross spinach, like the healthiest food ever, right? Has in a 100 gram serving, 22 micrograms of lead, which is more than two times higher than the FDA limit for women of reproductive age. So how many of the folks that are now avoiding lead-based highly processed protein drinks as of that article or that news media coverage want to give up in spinach, you guys. How many of them are going to give up spinach? spinach is not super unique. A ton of the other green leafy vegetables you find at every Whole Foods have a shit load of lead according to this wacky California Prop 65 standard and the very, very baked and super super minimizing safe standards of the FDA and the USB. So in short, under Prop 65's incredibly strict number, many normal foods say a ton of normal foods, especially spices, seeds and leafy greens, which are like the three out of six main ingredients sold at Whole Foods easily eclipse it, which gives us a problem because it was for ready to give up protein shakes a ton of people watching like, oh yeah, I knew protein was on healthy and processed. What's the processing of spinach? It's unprocessed, literally, is just leads to much lead. Now, so I continued into this deep dive and I was going to how much lead are we allowed to have? What's like the maximum safe dose and it turns out there's no maximum safe dose, but there are cut-offs where it starts to be realistically problematic for you. So the FDA has roughly 10 micrograms for women every productive age that makes sense. Prop 65 is 0.5 which isn't saying USB has 10, but that gets us to a place where we might be able to have of the worst offender shakes. One shake a day and have barely any lead left over because we just learn that all the other foods you eat also have lead in them. This means that these shakes are like just total non-starters, which is a really, really, really bad deal. It's kind of scary and you're like, well, shit, we're not allowed to have protein shakes anymore, especially RDD shakes, ready to drink shakes, who is clearly way too much lead. Now, fuel was one of the brands and they're arguing back and saying actually the methods for consumer reports over estimate and their own internal testing showed around two micrograms per serving not around six. Yeah, I mean, they might be right about that, but I'll tell you why it's probably immaterial altogether. Prop 65, Bakes in a crazy margin. Because the normal margins baked in for around 10 micrograms of lead per day for USB standards are 10 times lower than the amount that would start at population levels to show any evidence of symptoms of lead exposure. So there's the maximum amount of lead above which we know you're probably going to start to get in trouble. There's one tenth of that and that's around 10 micrograms. And then 120 of that is the California Prop 65 number. So that's like I don't know 500 times or something less 200 times less than any reasonable cutoff would make it seem. So where does that take us? Right now we're in a place where it's like look if the FDA level of one tenth, the safety exposure is real than like men. You probably shouldn't even have one of these protein shakes today. Maybe on the ones that are more like two or three, you can have a few shakes and be okay. And for children and pregnant people that's probably still true, however, there is a big mistake going on here. And that big core mistake is that it's possible to get zero lead exposure. Zero lead is impossible in our current environment. Soil, dust, water, always contribute. If you breathe in any amount of air, there's probably at least one uranium molecule floating in there. Probably a lot more than that. So the regulatory frameworks accept that risk and manage it. They're not trying to get perfect. And toxicity is about dose over time, not a single small hit. It's about chronic exposure to too much lead. The California 65 Prop 65 lead, amount of 0.5 micrograms per day is an out of thin air, non-sensically low standard, that I would say in a normal diet cheese, even in a highly modified diet is impossible to meet because you can forget about spinach and seeds and spices in almost all leafy greens. Scott, you understand that diet? How many of the people that are health paranoid that looked into that have never looked into the fact that the leafy greens are corn, quote, killing them way faster than the protein shakes. If it's a non-starter, if you told those people that, maybe you're watching this and you're one of those people, no offense will stop. You just be like, is that really happening? So what's the real scoop? I got something for you that I piece together. It's going to give you a huge relief. Scoop, Scott, get it, scoop. Hey, it's a protein scoop with a 100% lead. Scott, we should be capitalizing on this moment. Other people tell you, you're not going to survive the amount of lead in our protein shakes. Another company is only put at 0.8 micrograms of lead, but we did 100% lead. Scott, there's a five gallon jug, but it's titanium reinforced, because you can't, if you lifted the plastic jug, the lead would just fall out the bottom. How is your set lead lead lead? Yeah, Amazon can't deliver it. It has to be like a special delivery. Like, you're not allowed to take any bridges or tunnels on the way over because it's toxic and shit. Now we're talking. Do you want to get heat? You're not. Fellows, it's real simple question. Everyone knows the biggest people in the world, eight lead. Alex and her, Bromley, who's a great channel to follow, actually has a couple of awesome videos about getting 70s big. Scott, remember when we had real men in the 70s? Very, very, very chest. Yes, that benched a ton and had huge chests and all that stuff and arms and pair and hairy arms. Scott, what were lead levels like in the 70s? Like a trotaceous, like you ate lead pipes for breakfast. How come those guys were 70s big? You can draw your own conclusion with that. An a serious note. Here's the deal. The roughly 10 microgram figure the USP and FDA use is already 10 times below the population blood lead averages that the centers for disease control would label as time to act and bring those down. So if a person ate five times that figure of about 10 micrograms per day, basically it's 8.8. So 44 micrograms per day, they'd still be only half of the way up to the estimated intake linked with subtle long-term effects in the most sensitive populations. But they're only half of that way. For most healthy adults with no exposure to crazy sources like lead plumbing, occupational dust, no, they're not eating lead paint or something like that. That level of five times an igrolic, what's that one? 100 times the California Proposition 65 level. If you multiply that by 100, 100, you're still almost certainly not going to be exposed to any measurable change in blood lead that affects cognitive performance, fertility or kidney function. In toxicology speak, you'd be well-inside the no observable adverse effect level. And again, to you, the toxicologists are, I was going to make an analogy that probably won't make you, but considering ending it all during one of these weeks because these poor people work hard, day and night, they're tried in formus and we see one stupid news article and we lose our mind. You'd probably need to stay above 80 to 100 micrograms per day for months, months before blood-level concentrations creep into the mildly concerning zone. Again, that's normal adults, children and pregnant people of lower threshold. Scott, is this channel a war of targeting children and pregnant people? Children and the people that make children, rather? So here's the thing, maybe chill on your eighth of the day vegan RTD protein shake. Also, Scott, how hilariously ironic is it that the vegan ones scored the poorest? I don't know, my God, it's a perfect idea. Because most vegans are very proud of their health as well as they should be, but it's kind of like, oh man, if it was the meat shakes, oh, Scott, another product, meat shakes. Don't you feel like you can steal that from us, you guys. We will sue you into the ground if you make the meat shake before us. Just pulverize raw meat. Blended into water. The scientists are like, this has a shelf life of three hours. We're like, my fast shipping it is. Oh, no, okay, drive the meat into a powder. Yeah, it's like jerky. Yeah, yeah, yeah, the pulverized. The consistency is toothpaste. Delicious. Someone's a dude, what are you drinking between sets? Give me, brother. All right, all right. So maybe chill on your eighth vegan RTD protein shake until your favorite brand comes back with solid safety data. Maybe, right? But otherwise, you can have multiple shakes and powders per day, and there nothing is going to happen to you almost certainly. There is no actual news here. Just a combination, the two things, good old state of California, having waste strip just standards because I think is thinking some political things somehow over there. People are just very scared for no reason. And news media loves a good scare story because me and you and I will click on it for them. And again, I'm trying to get extra legs because I'm trying to get 70s big. We're a U.M. Anyways, it turns out that in the 1970s, the real reason people got big was not extra led exposure. Scott, isn't that sad? I still don't believe it. I don't believe it. There is another thing they used to do in the 70s, a ton that got them all 70s big. It was a combination of the RP diet coach app and the RP hypertrophy app, which you can download links in the description of this video. Some people will say there were most of the things as apps in the 70s, but do you really trust people that are against you in hypertrophy? And don't why you didn't have an awesome diet plan that adjusts to your own goals? I wouldn't trust those people anyway folks go out there, get you some lead and we'll see you next time.