Increasing your pull-up can be a big deal both repetitions and just being able to do more pull-ups with rate attached. It's a big deal. A lot of folks want to know how to be able to do more pull-ups where to get better at. One are having their pull-up and we have some simple tips. We have eight tips for you today. Eight improvement tips that you can use ASAP to improve your ability to do pull-ups. So first is to standardize your technique. One of the things I suppose I'm not a big fan of is when people are very serious about increasing their pull-up ability and the way they'll set up for pull-ups is they'll jump and grab the pull-up handle and start going. Where you put your hands when you jump is going to vary considerably, making every single set for pull-ups slightly different and that doesn't allow your body to really improve or sort of impose its motor learning effect on the ability to pull-up. If you standardize everything, putting your pinkies and hands in the same place every time, wrapping or unwrapping your thumbs, doing the same range of motion preferably for a deep stretch and all the way up to at least the chin, then you start to do that sort of pull-up over and over and over and over and yes, well, your ability to do pull-ups is in large margin determined by your general pulling strength and how much you weigh, a big part of being able to do pull-ups is just the neural efficiency and the technique of doing pull-ups and your body gets really, really good at stuff you practice all the time. So if you practice the same way or a very similar way over and over and over and over, you standardize your pull-up technique, that can make you really, really good at doing that technique. And since that technique is a pull-up, you'll be getting better pull-ups being able to do more max weight or maximum reps. So that's number one. Next, you want to spend time in the target rep range for doing pull-ups. This is a short-term strategy that works for a few months. Eventually, more advanced stuff will have to be imposed, but we'll do that video next week. But a lot of folks, you know, if they want to improve how many pull-ups they can do for reps, you'll see them doing some interesting stuff as far as repetitions, train in the rep range you want to improve. So if it's maximum number of pull-ups that you want, at least in the short-term, do slightly weighted 5 or 10 pounds on the belt or unweighted or barely assisted pull-ups, stay close to your body weight and do reps sets close to failure to be able to good at, for example, sets of 10. If you're pull-ups around 10 reps max, you want to be able to be good in that rep range and training that rep range all the time is the best. If you train, for example, with a huge amount of weight and do sets of 3 to 6 repetitions, that will make you very strong and pull-up, but if you transition to taking that weight off and seeing how many pull-ups you can get maximum, which is sort of what you were going for all along, this is going to be a weird transitional time where you're doing reps and you're body English is different because the weight doesn't pull you the same, your legs start moving a lot, it's a strange thing. You might sort of get tired and crampy earlier, even though you feel like you have a lot of strength. So train in the rep range you want, at least for a few weeks, then I promise you'll have a better result. If you want the best one or end in the pull-up, basic strength is what a train and that sets of 3 to 6 repetitions with progressively more weight, eventually you do some doubles and singles, take a little easy workout and then try to do the biggest pull-up on around that you can after that. Next, this is a big deal, do pull-ups more often if you really want to get good at pull-ups. Even if not all of the workouts are super hard. For example, you could have a situation where you have three workouts per week in which you train pull-ups. One of the workouts can be relatively heavy with assistance or sorry, the opposite of assistance, weight that you hang off in yourself with some pull-ups after with no weight. Another workout maybe that could be Monday, Wednesday could be you do lots of pull-ups with no weight and then assisted pull-ups. So they're actually lighter than normal, we'll get extra high volume and that's really good. And then Friday you think to yourself, okay, if I do another hard pulling workout with lots of pull-ups, you know, Friday it'll be too much, but hold on a second, you might not have to do that. You might be able to do a workout based mostly in rows or some other parts of your back that don't really overdo the pull-up movement, but you might take either at the end of the workout or at the beginning or somewhere in the middle, probably beginning or end, my preference is for the beginning. It's to do just a couple of sets of two or three repetitions in the pull-ups. Let's say you're able to do 10 to 15 pull-ups. On that Friday a couple of sets of two to three reps in the pull-up can allow you while focusing by the way on a ton of awesome technique. That can allow you to get one more technical practice session. We're sort of treating the pull-up like a power lift. Like you would do a very light deadlift to practice that technique of the deadlift even though you can't do more heavy-deads because it fatigues you too much the same principle applies to pull-ups. A lot of people the way they get good at pull-ups is they just do pull-ups like five days a week or something. That could be a really good way to do it. It could be a bit overkill, it could be some optimal, but what they're getting right at least in that part is they practice practice practice doing the pull-up. What I don't want you guys to do is really really give a shit about how many pull-ups you can do and then do one time a week you have pull-ups in your workout. Even though you can do sets of 10 to 15 no problem. I understand that if you can only do one or two pull-ups maybe that max effort is really only for one day of the week. But if you can do good sets of pull-ups but you're only doing them on one day and you have several, well you have six other days of the week let's say we take a day off five other training days potentially in which you can do pull-ups at least in a few of them. You should do some serious pulling and maybe in one of those when it's too much and it's too much volume to do a lot of really high effort pull-ups maybe you can do a couple of doubles and pull-ups just to be able to get a little bit more time spending ingraining that pull-up technique and then all of a sudden you're just really really really good at pull-ups. Sort of similar how if you watch a person who's really good at calisthenics the way they do pull-ups man it's just looks so beautiful like how every part of your technique seems like you've been doing that for long times. Well I do I do this all the time and that's how you get good at something. I don't why you guys to just basically never do it and then be like oh how come I only train pull-ups once a week and I'm not that good at them. Well kind of answers the question. Next doing the right accessories yes if you can do sets of five especially 10 especially 15 with pull-ups you can kind of just do pull-ups the the jail yard workout you know two sets of pull-ups two sets of try not to get stabbed two sets of joining one of the racial gangs I would say which ones but I'll probably against for that in any case try join one in a race you don't belong to mix it up a little any case so yes it's possible if you can do lots of pull-ups or if your joints are super good at handling that sort of stress that you can just do mostly pull-ups a bit of assistance work and maybe not even and just get really awesome. The reality is different it's unlikely that someone who one of the biggest squat would only squat. This is true for all sports by the way. No sport that I know of trains the sport exclusively by playing the sport and if the sport is pull-ups then why would you only do pull-ups there are intelligent assistance exercises you can do that help you on your way they include assisted pull-ups because you can do higher repetitions and really focus on technique better. Weighted pull-ups which allow you to load the pull-up much heavier and thus there's a kind of two benefits one the overall strain for the pull-up goes up and two there's an insane potential action effect that after you are used to doing pull-ups with weight hanging when you take the weight off even though you're fatigued and of course if you do taking the weight off a few days later when you've healed just doing your own body feels insanely easier and yes there's a performance enhancement but there's also mega confidence enhancement which can be a big big fucking deal right pull downs rose bicep curls hammer curls would having bigger biceps make you better pull-ups of course are the movement right it's part of the move we being able to hammer curl a lot or lots of for sets of 10 be able to get you to pull more yeah of course right so how do you know that from pull downs or sorry how do you know that from your pull-ups alone you're getting enough bicep volume or enough brach volume well you might not be and extra volume through those assistance exercises can really fill in the gaps and make you better so when you're looking at improving your pull-ups think a little bit more big picture and not I'm only going to do pull-ups even if you're favorite calisthenics folks just do pull-ups in the coming years the over over time as the calisthenics community moves up in a scientific literacy which all communities are body-billing like dead last on that one you'll see more folks using some intelligent assistance work and you'll see more folks when they have access to it using a weighted equipment you know because if you can do 10 pull-ups with 25 pounds hanging they ain't shit you can't do with your own body weight it's a really really good stuff next you want to progress on the rap style now this is real advanced for people getting really strong at pull-ups but if you just have the calisthenics set up like creepy Soviet era mostly abandoned Ukrainian playground where I guess maybe all the best calisthenics people in the world come from or some you know like weird Chinese half constructed mega city playground with no one's around you guys know what I'm talking about those YouTube videos right did you park pouring like where the fuck does that guy live like post-apocalyptic you know what I'm saying Kiev for some shit right now like yeah shit like that if you don't have access to any weight equipment or any weight training equipment at all you just have a pull-up bar there is a weight of progress of course you can just add repetitions and do RIR and let's stuff and that's great but if you get really really good at pulling up to your chin at some point you add an a new exercise a new version of pull-ups you may still do some pull-ups to the chin but now fresh early in your workout you may start to do pull-ups to the clavicles if you have an ability to touch the bar to your clavicles and pull-up oh, at least shit you're strong and then the number of pull-ups you could do to where the chin clears start shooting up like crazy because this is so much harder and then if you were able to do comfortable pauses at the top for 10 plus clavicle pull-ups which makes you unbelievable at pull-ups you can start doing sternum pull-ups which are fucking insane and that's when you touch the bar right to your nipple lines so think about your nipples real quick close your eyes think about your own juicy giant nipples just bursting with whatever it is nipples brisk milk that's what it is and you think about touching them shifts to the bar like that now that's crazy and if I see someone who can do 10 sternum pull-ups when they turn around the sun goes black because they're back a so fucking big and regular pull-ups the chin clearing ones oh my god they can do like an infinity so even if you don't have access to a lot of equipment you can do these three variations do the harder ones first here's even a sample workout you could do if you're really fucking strong two to three sets of sternum pull-ups now you are more tired two to three sets of clavicle pull-ups now you're more tired two to three sets of pull-ups we just barely clean the chin go home heal up your lats come back a few days later repeat tack on a rep to every set or rep to every other set something like that you're well underway next number six vary the pull-ups styles yes it is possible to just do overhand pull-ups for forever and experience no joint pain and experience no staleness to the movement like you just feel the movements off for some reason but it's what is more likely is that for multiple months you'll be able to really feel out one or two pull-ups styles but then after you want to make a change and that doesn't mean you have to get away from pull-ups because pull-ups are awesome and the sense there's so many varieties there's wide grip there's narrow grip this close grip there's underhand there's what it is called dildo attachments pair low pull-ups or whatever and kind of everything in between what my recommendation is is pick one or two of the styles train them like crazy for a few months until they feel pretty stale and then replace one or two whichever one feels most stale or both of them stay a replace both and go to another variant so you could do you know a few months of training with overhand wide and underhand pull-ups and then those get stale you can switch to narrow and dildo handle pull-ups and then all of a sudden double dildo those of course come on now so all of a sudden you have awesome variation but you're just still doing pull-ups there's a huge general strength transfer like if you're able to do five more pull-ups then before with this style you're going to be able to do very soon after starting this again more pull-ups with that because almost identical general musculature and so on and so forth so switch the styles go go go until you start to plateau switch them up go go go until you start to plateau and that essentially inject variation into your training for all kind of perpetuity and you get stronger and stronger stronger and stronger and pretty soon instead of the bar being pulled pulling up your body you pull the earth down yeah yeah that's really the goal number seven if you were in a position where you could only do like less than five pull-ups that might put you into a little bit of a predicament because you're not able to summit enough training volume through pull-ups alone to meet your body is total ability to take volume and adapt to it and benefit like if you had an and think about this this works the same way with any other situation it's just pull-ups are curious because they're body weight so here's what I mean if you can do two pull-ups maximum and someone's like okay you can only train pull-ups as a first movement in your workout go we do in singles a double first and then you're too tired to do that again the rest of workouts you do like three singles with two minutes rest and then assistance work but like gee was that's a lot of like one RMS it would be the same as if your max squat was 300 pounds and the only squatting implement you had was a bar that's already in the rack and it's chained in and it's complete solids fears that don't move weighing 275 pounds total so yeah you can train your squat but only with your two RMS okay can I take the weight nope can take the weights off that's the same logic that people who refuse to do assistance work as their core movement apply to the pull-ups I just do pull-ups if someone that you knew had that 275 pounds stapled rack situation but they also had access to a free squat rack with actual weights you can slide on and off a hacksquat a leg press and so on and so forth and you're watching them only do doubles and singles in that crazy rack and trying to get their squat up you feel like you know there's all these other machines here and you can do sets of five to ten and do multiple sets instead of just a few and you can sum eight tons of volume great effort great stimulus growth tons more muscle get way stronger come back to that pre-reloaded rack and hit sets of five just the same thing happens with pull-ups so if you can do less than five or so pull-ups I encourage you to do some you know maybe for some mesocycles that you train you have workouts in which you just do you know mostly pull-ups to begin with a few sets of tripals or something and then you do some other work that's totally cool but at other times of the week what you could do is have a workout that begins with assisted pull-ups and over time you decrease the weight of the assistant it'll work out that begins with pull-downs workouts even that begin with rows because rows generally grow your back really well some of your workouts might even begin with bicep curls or hammer curls to get that part of you strong because it's going to contribute to your ability to pull-ups generally speaking you put on the best size in sets of five to 30 reps and if you can't do that in pull-ups stop just doing pull-ups for size and do the exercise you can scale down to your strength and do those and I promise promise promise that if you used a lap hold on a hundred pounds and you could only do pull-ups for two reps as you work up and eventually you can lap hold on same rep number for 130 or 140 or 150 pounds you will be able to do more pull-ups a lot more pull-ups versus just taking consistent one or M attempts not a good idea. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro-body builders? The most effective muscle growth training I've ever made. Get yours now. Lastly this is a huge, huge tip. It's kind of weird it's out of left field but I promise it makes sense. Lose weight. I mean you specifically. That's right you watching. No no no not the person behind you not your cat. Not the adult films playing in the television screen but who watches adult films on a TV screen? I wonder. In any case here's the thing. It all depends on how much you want to be able to do more pull-ups. If you weigh 180 pounds and you're carrying some excess fat no big deal everyone you know we all love you just the same but if you're in your heart to be able to do more pull-ups and you say look I want to do what it takes to do more pull-ups. Sort of like killing somebody. Maybe even naming them is okay. Losing five or ten or even 20 pounds intelligently over the course of multiple weeks and months with maintenance phases and all that other stuff we talk about on the channel can take your ability to pull-ups and skyrocket the living. Fuck out of it. There's the people who are the best at doing pull-ups in this world are all very tiny people because their strength to bodyweight ratio can be quite insane. Even people who in world strongest man most of them can't even do but ten pull-ups or so because they weigh three or four hundred pounds. Now that's a bit of an extreme case but I promise even on the margins. There's a big difference. When I go I just recently went from weighing about 250 pounds and now I'm in the middle of a mini cut phase. I'm not weighing more like 240. My ability to pull-ups is no to believe better. Notably better. Went from just doing pull-ups my bodyweight to attaching 10 pounds and hitting PRs and all that crazy stuff. So if it really matters to you to do more pull-ups maybe it's for a military physical fitness test coming up or something like that, losing weight while at the same time training your pull-ups in your back hard can allow you to improve your pull-up ability because it's kind of like taking that earlier example of the pre-loaded squats fears or something. 200 and 75 pounds and sowing off part of it. Now it weighs 250. And you'll be able to squat it more even if you're the same strength. But as you training it a little bit stronger over time. If during that time you lose a little bit of weight over time, that separates those two lines quite clearly in a few weeks and definitely in a few months to where you're just being able to do way more pull-ups. Was that good you guys? Is that a good enough video for you? If it wasn't, come back next week and we've got advanced pull-up periodization or I never made that lecture and I'll either hastily make it and deliver it terribly or you'll just never hear this because Scott the video guy will edit it out or even funny if he just leaves it in the next week you're checking and I just disappointed you. Like I did my own son. Did you guys know I have a son? Yeah, it's earlier marriage and I just wasn't proud of it and while I love him in theory I just I don't ever want to see his face and I hope he doesn't see this. That would be fucked up to here. I'll see you guys next time. Son.