Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike. Welcome to Targeting the Muscle Series. We have triceps as the muscle and skull crushers as the exercise and wife as the model to demonstrate because I'm no longer sufficiently mobile to do skull crushers properly enough to illustrate them to you. You just learned to do them wrong like my fat ass. So wife? Yes. You're not microphone. So your answers are relevant. Perfect. Let's get to it. Tip number one is in the skull crusher. It is ideal to have your elbows in as much as possible. On the way down, it is critical. On the way up, it's probably okay to flare them a little bit to use your chest to help out a tad because then it allows a frap load of eccentric overload for something that you may not be able to get as many concentric reps with super elbows in. Elbows in on the way down is a must and then way up if it organically just comes out a little bit. That's no big deal. It's not crazy. My book just don't turn into a bench press. You're going to notice where Crystal puts the bar and it's going to be on her throat. Sounds awkward. I'm not in. Maybe also in. I will dress that later. So save your questions for later. And by save your questions, I mean type them in right now having not gotten to that section in the comments. It's great for the algorithm. Let's get this done. So here is the bar and you grab and notice if she's going to do it wrong, she's going to flare her shit out and turn it into kind of a close grip something rather. If she's going to do it right, she's going to start with her elbows flush in and go nice and deep. Perfect. Elbows say super straight and she's going to come up with she's really awesome. As she comes up, she's also going to keep her elbow straight. That is the ideal. If they flare a bit, I just wouldn't worry about it. One more up honey on the way in. Perfect. And all the way up. Beautiful. Tip number two is to make sure that you think about at least trying to sound breaking forward at the elbows instead of back at the elbows to initiate the movement. We'll show you what this means in a second. This is something that I discovered helps my elbow health a ton. I posted some Instagram skull crusher tips and a bunch of people get in there and they're like, yeah you look, do these if you wanted to destroy your elbows. I don't know how that sounds like a tough guy saying my elbows are made out of literal vaginas, but in any case, you can solve that problem. In most cases, if you start reaching back right away, you can get tons of elbow pain. In my experience and that of many others I have coached, if you break forward to your hips and then down just by a smidge, it's the same thing that's in a squat. Instead of breaking it your knees and going down like that, feel awkward even to demonstrate, you break it the hips gently by a little and then you let your knees go, make sure elbows feel right as rain. Okay, so grab this. Do it wrong first crystal where you just reach back. Yeah. Ooh, it can work for people. This can work. But sometimes it'll have non-consensual sex with your elbows. On the other hand, the proper way, watch her elbows will shoot towards her hips and then the bar descends. Elbows to hips and then go down just really briefly elbows to hips and then we descend just like that. It puts a ton of stretch on the tricep. It does everything we want properly and it keeps those elbows greasy. Is that good? Yeah. Yeah, do you feel greasy in your elbows? Excellent. That's gross. Tip number three is super individualized first and super varied second. You're going to do this tip however you feel is best for you and there could be more than one correct answer. The cue here or the correction or the recommendation is where are we touching? Because there's a lot of fake controversy on the internet about what a proper skull pressure looks like. Let me give you guys a tour of options. Like a tour to France except drug tested. Properly. No, not of that. Untest it. Real tour to France. Grab that shit. Option number one that is totally valid and totally fine if your elbows can take it and you feel a great connection with your tricep is actually crystalist maybe your first time doing this but you've heard that a lot lately. Touch the bar to the bench right behind you right above your head. Oh shit. Oh shit. We will have to tighten it alarms go boom. That's a thing and then press up. That's a thing people do one more time just for the viewers go all the way and literally just rest it on the bench behind you and come up. Feels weird, right? Yeah, especially with my short arms. Yes, you need longer arms. So just work on that and we'll come back next time. Great. The next option is to touch your forehead the usual the classic skull crusher. Perfect. One more just for the viewers. Notice these are all done under full control. We'll talk about that a bit. Great. Option number three is to touch the nose. Look at the little baby nose. He's adorable. Beautiful. There's touch your nose. People will see me do this online and say I'm kissing the barbell false. I'm only kiss one woman. Is that right? What was her name? All right. Even Scott the video guy like that one. Scott the video guys. A total piece of shit. So he loves drugs like that. Another option is to touch the chin. Give that a shot. Beautiful. That's great. Then option number last is this is a killer. Not everyone can pull this off. You have to have the right proportions crystal sure does is the throat. Holy shit. We're risking life and limb for this one. But it can feel amazing. Beautiful crystal. Thank you so much. I will take that. Now which option is right for you? Again depends on do you feel it ripping your triceps into shreds? First question. Second question. How are your shoulder joints feeling? How are your elbow joints feeling? Some of these you'll try and you'll be like fuck that. I'm going to be mr. potato. Headsheet'll fall off. Midway through. Fuck don't do that. Find one that works for you. It could be a couple of them and then you have three or two or even four different variations you can program for a few months at a time throughout the year. No wrong answers. Fundamentally the technique set up as the same. It's just where the arc takes you and where you actually hit on various parts of your body. None of these are particularly more dangerous than anyone of them. Some of them cause a bit more shearing for some cause less. Some will involve other muscles like the lats if you touch behind your head and you have back day the next day you might find that you actually have last soreness. Just play around with that stuff. I'm just giving you guys a ton of options and you just dive into that all you can eat with a pay. But do not get the fucking potatoes into the macaroni and cheese. I swear to God we're going to have a fuck problem. Alright folks. Next tip is to make sure you go slow and controlled on the way down. Yes, if you rush the reps you could do more reps and the big skull pressure counter and the sky goes up and God's sitting up there and heaven is like a nurse. Yes, that's pretty good. Pretty good. But you end up with smaller chiceps and a more likely probability of injury which while you're on this mortal earth is bad. So crystal is going to demonstrate the throat skull crusher. This is for sure going to turn into a meme. Yeah, like that's fine, you know, but it would be better if you went a little slower. So we're going to control arguably pause and come up. Slow and control. Pause for that deep stretch and come up. As the Italian American say, beautiful. Alright, next tip is about where to put your hands. And this is one of these patented Dr. Mike and RP answers of, you know, really giving an answer. We just tell you to go fuck yourself and say an electrical ship that sounds like an answer, just kidding, sort of. There is no correct answer about where to put your hands that can be generally applied. Close totally fine. Medium totally fine. Even wide can be fine in some occasions. Where you put your hands and if you use a straight bar or an easy bar is up to you the individual to decide. But we're not just going to leave you with that. Like, bullshit, stock, Instagram, it depends answer. It depends on how three things go. Thing one is how do your elbows feel. Thing two is how do your shoulders feel. Thing three is how do your triceps actually feel. Are they getting a good hit? If you pick a grip that someone on the internet with no degree in biomechanics posts on Instagram said it's optimal, whatever kind of bullshit they're saying nowadays. And you do it and your elbows hurt like shit. Your shoulders feel like they're going to fall out. You don't really feel a whole lot in your triceps. That's the fucking wrong answer. If you try another grip, which people said was bad and don't do it's terrible. And your elbows feel golden brown. Your shoulders feel unbelievable. And your triceps feel like they're being torn to shreds. You have found the for now correct answer. Why do I say for now? Because our bodies change over time or muscles enjoy it adapt to stress over time. They become realist and tie a picture from certain angles over time. So if you realize that for yourself, go this grip and this grip work roughly equally well, you can do a couple of months of this grip until it gets really stale and adds kind of nagging things and triceps aren't getting a huge company more. And getting in on this grip and all of a sudden it feels fresh. Amazing a new. You just go back and forth on them instead of just having one skull crush or exercise to program. You have two. I just multiplied your skull crush or exercises for you. Next, am I going to multiply your wealth? Absolutely. I have a 4x trading account. I do crypto. Scott, what other kind of bullshit is out there? I'm a wealth manager. I'll take over your portfolio. Get you into gold. NFTs. NFTs. I do only I am an NFT. You feel me and you will be one too. If you sign up for my NFT now, of course. That net. Let's get the last tip already. All right, folks. Last tip of the day. The Smith Machine. It exists. Some gentleman named Smith clearly invented it. You can put a bench in here into Smith Machine skull crushers for another excellent variation in addition to your barbell and easy bar work. I would recommend that if there is a slant to your machine, you face your genitals into the direction of the slant. So here the slant goes out. I would lay back this way on a bench so that as I go down, the shit pulls my triceps forward for me. It feels unbelievable. It's a huge stretch. If I was to turn it, it would pull my triceps back. Instead of reducing this elbow angle and getting a huge stretch at the bottom, it kind of pulls everything apart. Feels kind of weird. Turns into a bit more lats. If the other way works better for you, forget what I'm saying and do it, but you probably want to do it in the direction I'm talking about. Combat tip here. Tip number, whatever sub A, here's sub B. Inverted skull crushers are a thing. They're fucking awesome. It's what skull crushers are to bench press. These things are two pushups. So Smith machine is the perfect place to do them. You can also do them in the rack if you just have a rack at home. Find a comfy height. Put your grip wherever you normally do skull crusher grip. Take your comfy foot position away. You'll have to experiment as to where you want to touch and then you bend your elbows in and you'll let's say touch the chin and come up. Keep your elbows in the way down. All the same identical cues in skull crusher. You can do it to your throat. You can do it to your face. Anything you want? You can do it to your face. Where you put your feet is going to depend a ton on your height, bar position, arm length, etc. There's no right answer, but within a few warmups you'll realize where all the good stuff is and here's a really cool thing. When you start warming up, start at a high height. If you're not super duper crazy strong, you're going to have to keep it at a pretty high height. If you are stronger as you warm up, you drop the shit and it mechanically makes this more difficult. If you are a fucking superhero, you put the shit all the way down and if you're like a maze of the android from DC superhero, you can even put your feet on a box and then do these almost at a d-cline, holy fucking shit. It's amazing. Life is amazing. It's life beautiful. Folks, click, click, stop the stupid fucking video. Cool outside, look at trees and a rack with people. Find a random person in the street and just give them a hug and if they don't want it, slip with fucking get that underhook in and give them a hug anyway. Against their will, they'll agree to it eventually. Don't take any of that advice. Folks, any of the advice you hear you saw here on a school crushers. Hopefully it works for you. If it doesn't, feel free to ask me a question in the comments and I'll get one of my botlers to answer. See you guys next time. This is how you do this. Understand?