Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrridsation. Welcome to video number 8 in our series of how to build your hypertrophy plan. Now that you've built your hypertrophy plan, you have to make sure to execute it properly. And that means increasing and decreasing the number of working sets that you work doing. And some of the working set increases and decreases come from how you feel about the sets. So we will get to that in another video. But a lot of what determines how many working sets you're doing is going to have to come from how pumped you're getting and how sore you're getting. We'll talk about it in just a bit. What those mean and how to interpret them and how the hypertrophy app interprets them. Because these videos are program design videos and program execution videos. But they're also like a mini advertisement if you're curious about the hypertrophy app. The hypertrophy app is out now. It's for sale. I would recommend buying the year if you buy a month you like it and you go for the year after. In any case, the link is in the description. So please get out that and enjoy. I like the app a lot. I actually will never train ever again as long as I live without my hypertrophy app. As I'm doing hypertrophy training, the app's coming with me. I had one workout a few weeks ago where like for whatever reason I had access to my phone. And I had to do some pump work and a jam. I was traveling for work. And I was like, this is off. I have nowhere to write my reps. It's like the app loves me and it knows me and it tells me exactly what to do. And without it, I'm unwanted child. And it's like a adopt a child, a family where everyone in that family has a connection except for you. And Christmas, like, the gifts they get are really good and your gifts are always like not that great. It's just feeling love. That's what it's like training without the app. In any case, soreness, let's talk about it. What a soreness tell you. You don't have to get sore in order to grow muscle. Period. So if you never get sore, that's not a problem. If you were muscle growth for muscle is good and you never get sore, just keep on doing what you're doing. Great results will continue. On the other hand, if your growth isn't that great and you feel that the muscle is under stimulated. It's also just, you don't get really tired training it. You seem like your mind muscle connections not that great. It also doesn't get pumped in all this other stuff and it's not getting sore. You could probably do more volume in order to do more stimulus in order to drive more hypertrophy. And while you're giving it more stimulus, you're going to give it more damage. And that's going to trigger the soreness response. So no, you don't have to get sore, but if you're not getting sore and you're not getting good results, increasing the volume might be a good idea. If you're getting a little bit sore, all the way up to soreness that heels just before the next time you train that muscle, there are 99 things you could do to improve your results, but training more probably isn't one of them. If you're getting a little bit sore and you have room to continue to get even more sore and still heel, you could have a little bit of volume. If you're getting as so sore that let's say Monday you train chest and then Thursday you train chest. If every time we train chest Monday, Wednesday evening is the last twinge of soreness and Thursday morning is the first time you don't feel sore. If you trained more than that, you would drive so much damage that you would still be under able to perform in that Thursday exercise and that Thursday session. Training a muscle while it's sore once or twice isn't a big deal, but consistently training him in a sore means you're training it when it's tissue integrity is lower higher chance of injury. And it hasn't properly recovered yet, so it's chance of growing more muscle is lower than if you let it recover and don't don't do so many sets that you get chronic overlapping soreness. If you get chronic overlapping soreness to say you're going to say I'm going to do eight sets of chest every Monday, every Thursday. And every single fucking week Monday Thursday or chest to still sore from last time, you should be doing fewer sets. If the answer to growing more was just to do more, we wouldn't need sport science and you just do as much as you can grow when you'd be in a finnitely big you're the jogger knocked congratulations. But the reality is training is a fine line between doing too little and doing too much and if you're so sore you can never recover. You have to do fewer sets and if you're never sore and you're not growing you should probably be doing more sets. So how does the app handle this? Well, it'll ask you how sore you're getting. It'll not ask you that in the first session of the first time you use the app because what are you sore from you should not be sore yet. But as the sessions a week for breast and a muscle group you've already trained earlier in the week is trained again. The app is going to ask you hey, how sore did you get? And it uses that data to inform how much volume it gives you for that session it's asking about next time. Notice it's not the same session. So let's do the demo here. Bench Press Medium, Brip 160 pounds, I got 11 reps, I check it in. And boom, it comes up and asks me chest soreness. Now notice the wording here. It's very important. How sore did you get in your chest after training it last time? Not this time. It's set number one. You're not sore. You're just pumped maybe a little bit or maybe a lot. You don't get sore right then and there. The question it's asking you is did you get last time you trained your chest. So think back or came it was last Monday. Maybe you never got sore. Maybe you got a little bit sore healed totally on time. Maybe you just healed. Like it was Thursday that you trained it Wednesday. You barely just healed. And Thursday you're like great for the first time ever or you're still sore. Depending on which one of these you answer, the app will increase decrease or maintain the number of sets you do for that Monday work out next week. Because look at it this way. If you did six sets of chest last Monday. And this Thursday your chest is still sore, the apps going to kick you down to five sets because six is too many. But if you did three sets and you never got sore, the app is among other factors that it balances because it's more of a complex algorithm. We'll talk about that in a few later videos. It'll at least somewhat suggest to the algorithm like, hey, this person might need four sets next Monday because the three sets they did was just they never got sore. And if you got a little bit sore or just healed generally, it mostly does nothing with that and it says, hey, the volume is pretty good. There are some conditions under which it'll alter volume here, but that's a nuanced discussion that's actually just proprietary algorithm stuff. I'm not allowed to share. So the engineer's will kill me. In any case, you rate it. Say it. Never got sore. It goes, okay, got it. You don't have to do dick about it. The app does all the thinking for you. All right. That's so honest. What about the pump? First of all, what the hell does the pump even have to do with muscle growth? It has two things to do with muscle growth. One, there has been direct, causative literature, mechanistic literature, scientific studies that show that actual cell swelling triggers the molecular pathways that cause muscle growth. That's a real thing. The pump literally causes muscle growth. It's self-border. But that's probably not a lot of hypertrophy. Or it's a real transient where it increases the cell for a few days, and the cell size goes down. There's a lot of stuff. Your body can increase and decrease the size of a bunch of organs for a very small amount of increased very small amount of time, and then it goes back down. And cell swelling probably does cause some long-term hypertrophy, but not a ton. It indirectly however, think about the kind of training that makes you the most pump. Training that is close to failure. Training that is with high tension. Training that targets the muscle that you're going for. If you get a forearm pump doing bicep curls, but out of bicep pump, you have a fucking problem. Your bicep's probably aren't growing much, because how the hell are the forms essentially getting all of the stimulus themselves? So there the pump is a proxy of stimulus, and also metabolites. If you go close to failure, generating a crap load of metabolites, the burn, that almost always triggers the pump afterward. So the pump is the canary on the coal mine. You know, the canary goes in there to die of the poison gas. That's why they use the canary in the coal mine. Or the canary is like a super canary, and it comes back out of it. I was good, and then my coal miner goes down and he dies and canary is like, it's good for me, then gas like fucking laughing gas to me, bro. So don't have a super canary in any case. The pump tells us, hey, as your other stuff happening, that's probably causative of muscle growth. If you get no pump at all from your training, man, the app's probably going to tell you to do more sets, because this is not enough. If you get a good pump or a great pump, the app's like, bro, you're good. Where you are. If you get an extreme pump, an amazing pump, what I have found in my experience, is that tends to correlate to a high level of delayed onset muscle solenoids and a high level of muscle damage. All of the workouts I've heard out of my life, after which I got insanely sore, I have the most psychotic pump ever. And I should have fucking stopped earlier, because what I always tell myself, I get an unreal pump in my quads after three sets of leg breasts, and I'm like, that's the workout? Yes, because I would do two more sets, and then I'd not be able to walk well, and then I would get sore for like eight days straight, which is too much, it causes too much damage. If you have an amazing pump, unreal pump in that muscle group, you can be done. And it's totally cool. Now if you know when you get an amazing pump, it doesn't get so sore and you can keep training, that's all you keep going. But the app, if you have an unreal pump, it feeds into the algorithm to tell the app to probably not raise your sets anymore, because if you're getting amazing pumps, you're winning. If you're getting shit pumps, they're not that great, you could probably do more under a few different circumstances and the app algorithm layers all that in. So we're doing bench presses, we did our first set, the last set of the muscle groups, so it could be bench press. If we did dumbbell press after it wouldn't ask you a pump until the whole chest muscle was stimulated, because it's trying to assert a science sets to the whole chest muscle group, it's going to ask you a couple questions when you check in. Joint pain, we saw last time, so it was saying, no pain, the chest workload thing, we'll do that in the future video, don't worry about that yet, but the chest pump, it asks us a question, did you get a low pump, a moderate pump, more an amazing pump. Based on how you answer that, it will recommend to its own internal algorithm, to think a little bit more deeply about things to keep the set the same, to lower the sets, or to increase the set. And that way, if you use the hypertrophy app, what you do is you just do honest ratings, the entire time, and honest ratings are so important, I'll talk about why in a second. If you honestly rate, what the app does is it recommends the amount of sets per you and every exercise and every muscle group over time that gets as close as possible to our best scientific understanding of your ideal volume. Eventually, you want to do a volume that is getting you nice and pumped. Soar that's anywhere from a little bit sore to just recover before next time. And that hypothetically will grow the most muscle that you can grow. You can think through a lot of these things and take notes and remember, I swear to that again, and okay, is that how do I rate that? Soar that should I increase my sets? I, before we made the app, I would do that all in my head, and I'm sure you guys do as well. If you use the RP hypertrophy templates that we used to have for sale, then they ask you sort of pump and soarness kind of all the same question, the auto regulations kind of clunky, this, this is the future. Because the app asks you all the questions and it does all the thinking under the hood. The app is your coach. All you do is rate honestly, and it will crap out a program it thinks is the best program every single session and we can update for you to make it better for you. I don't want to put to find a point in this, I'm not sure it's exactly true, but no other app does this. And by the way, without sounding too fucking cocky and way out of my league, which I already am, we kind of amended the system at RP. Nobody really pays attention to someone as a pump the way we do, and we were the first people to do it, we were the first to formalize it, and we're the only people that actually have the inside track to be able to make these algorithms work. So you won't find this anywhere else, and if you do, they still are shit and a best of luck too, and I hope they have a great time. In any case, honesty, why is honesty so important here? Because here's the thing. A lot of us are used to being coached by other coaches. Sport team is growing up, you got a pile of concoge, body building coached center. And there's this weird dynamic that plays out, especially if your coach is a child, where you kind of want to like impress the coach or something like that. And if you deal with the app as a coach, you kind of start wanting to impress the app. So when it's like, hey, how pumped did you get it? You're like, oh, I want more sets next time. So I'll just say I got a small pump, so to the link crease. But say I've sorted you get, you're like, oh man, I don't want to do more of this exercise. So I'll say I got real sore. Don't do that. Because it uses the pumps and soreness to inform other deeper algorithms that later in the apps lifetime will allow it to surface to you better ideas for exercises and worst ideas for exercises, sore them for you so that you're more likely to pick the better ones. If you fuck up the algorithm by pretending like you're going to fuck with the apps somehow and making a think whatever, it's just going to cause a ton of nonsense. It's got, you know, garbage and garbage out and you have no idea what's going on. You can always manually, easily, delete or add sets any time you want. Any time you want, no problem. And there's a separate workload feature, which will handle a bunch of the auto regulation for you anyways far as volume is concerned. So what you have to do is answer as honestly as possible. Period. If you do that, the app does its best work. In any case, if you're not using the app, still want you to get a ton of value out of this video, just be honest with yourself when you're doing your own ratings. Don't be like, I have the more sore I get the better. That's bullshit. You have to heal on time. And the more pumped, you get the better, that's absolutely true. But not if you're going overboard getting psychotically fatigued or if that pump is making your son a so bad that you won't heal on time. Folks, take care of yourselves. Next time, we're going to talk about how to progressively overload your training within the context of a training plan. And I'll see you guys then. Oh, by the way, link in the description to buy the app. Make me some damn money. I don't have a lot of money around and I want more. See you next time. Thank you.