Folks, welcome to Iceland. We're in Reykjavik. This is one of the best gyms in Reykjavik, especially for bodybuilding. So we're here to check it out. We're gonna do a workout. It's gonna be mostly legs, a little bit of upper body stuff. And maybe we'll meet some nice Icelandic people and maybe they won't take their Viking sword out and cut my head off with no guarantees. Let's do it. We're in Reykjavik. We're in Reykjavik. We're in Reykjavik. We're in Reykjavik. It's a damn good gym. A couple of things. One is we got CrossFit setup here. For all your CrossFit needs, the other side has tons of deadlifting platforms and weightlifting platforms, which is awesome. This whole area here has lots of just kind of plate loaded machines. Really, really good stuff. The cable station over here, but wait, there's more. Come with me. Hi. Hi. Hi. How long do you stay in Iceland? Until tomorrow morning. No, the day after. Sorry, Monday morning. The next month will have a professional week here, so I want to keep fighting. Thank you so much. I have really bad fashion, so it doesn't matter. These life fitness machines I have never seen before. There's this trippy row machine and here's the crazy park. These are knob operated loadings. So you pull the load out and then it can actually take the load off. Well, look at that perfect symmetry to every other. No rules violated. How does everyone like the autism now? Wild, never seen this. And there's not just one. There's like three or four of these machines. So if you're ever at this gym, show up, try these. Someone's looking really cool. I haven't had a chance to fuss with them, but yeah, it's dope. Very, very unique. The calf stuff is kind of strange, but my left calf is bigger than my right calf. By like a good margin. And so I'm for the next little bit here a few months. I'm going to be training my right calf almost exclusively. My left calf just kind of formability and base of strength. And so what that's going to allow me to do is probably equalize them a little bit. And then they look cooler and looking cool is the only reason I train nowadays. So maybe I'll finally be one of the cool kids. I was going to sit at the cool kids table when I was in seventh grade. They noticed that age of magical calves. That was last time I've rest. But now I'm back. So I don't think this is the technical name for this, but I call this style Nordic modern. And it's in the Nordics just do everything better. And so the core just would accent it brown. We have brown man out there too, just to make a point. You're really doing my shit. One calf at a time. The decor here is absolutely stellar. I feel like I'm in like a test kitchen for IKEA. Ever or I bet. Thank you. Of course. Thank you guys. Yeah sure. Where do you want it? See, drawing a cup. Would you like a cup? Yeah, sure. A big one. Yeah. How? Yeah. That's huge. That's what she's never said. Small balls. Stay right balls. Yeah, exactly. Thank you. I love it now. I'm not going to say my most. Are you kidding? I've never seen a, so I think it looks like that. Thank you so much. Huge pleasure. Don't spend all your, someone face. I don't know what that means. So I'm doing the traveling. And so I have my typical at home workout that I do. I'm actually subbing in curls. Different kind of was dumbbell. Now this is a cable curl. So with my RPI picture fee app, it's super quick. I just sub it in. I say that it's not not permanent or whatever. And just one session super easy to go on the fly. It's still get to keep track of all my stuff. Except I don't get caught up in having to like find exactly the exercises that I need. There's like different gyms have different situations going on. You won't always find the same machines. Right, purge for you. Just swab it in exercise next week. One of them is to ask you about it. It'll be the same exercise you have at home. So works for me. Mmm. Marcus and I trained together. He's going to do a set. I do a set right after. No rest. Good shit, Marcus. We keep doing that. And every time we do it, we lower the weight by one. We lower it by five total. So it's kind of a partner drop set. Really fun. Get close to failure. Last of all, I'm a little bit super great time in your traveling. Doing some fun shit like that is awesome. There we go. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Oh my god. Yeah, that was like 80 reps or something. Not bad. It's revealed time fellas. Physique reveal. That's right, Mr. Nick Shaw's physique. Okay. Can we get Scott the video guy in here? Thank you so much. Scott, that's fine. Oh, yeah. No, no, no, just do it right now. Yeah. Okay. So, Marcus and I just have a little fun here. We're going to go back and forth. He's going to stand here. I'm going to stand here. And do kind of as many risk courses we can. As soon as I put my shit down, he does as many risk courses. He can't just pile up. These people have very strong, strong hands and big hands and big fingers. And I was going to say some race shit. Marcus and I joke in a way that would not fly on YouTube. Every single race gets it. I remember that. This guy's race is teen out. All right, let's get to it. I kind of should you get in your pockets. My man. You know what I'm saying? Iceland's an island, but so is his pan yolo. Are you filming? Left. Left. Put the cado ni tan. Top. Top. This arms are massive. No. Bullshit. What the fuck? What the fuck? Oh, no. What the fuck? What the fuck? Stiffies next? Raps? Stiffies? Staring the scotty of you guys eyes? Then more stiffies. Attention all cock suckers in other pieces of shit. If you don't congratulate your weight, Thor and Odin will come down from heaven and can kill you themselves. And it's more than you deserve because arguably you could go to Valhalla because technically it's a battle. Anyway, I think I've talked myself into a whole as usual. Goodbye. Stiffies. Stiffies. Folks, it has come time to do Stifflega deadlofts. I haven't done too much. Basically, posterior chain work both of the whole posterior chain at the same time. Like stifflega deadlofts or anything could more as I haven't done too much of that yet. So I'm really really using into it after my surgery. Everything there structurally should be fine. It's just like, do a better safe than sorry. So three sets of 10 hamstrings are real sensitive. I haven't been doing this here. I'm going to say you're super high volume. Remember I took a year off of legs. Basically, just other than mobility work just before this. So very, very minimal requirement for stimulus. My hamstrings did not get this big doing 225 or 3 by 10, but I'll be working up over time slowly. And with Stifflega deadlofts, it's a really push and knees back and really archer back. You can actually get a lot more unusual out of a smaller weight. So I'm going to be trying to do that today. I want warm up set of eight reps or so with just a plate. And then two plates throw the clips on, get to bottom. What up? Who asked the photo? Get the f*** out of here. Let's do it. My dad's a really big fan of you. Oh, people tell him I said hello. Oh, can you just the more is not the right thing? The same as you. That's just the same thing. Markos have a good set. I'll be right back. We gotta go see why the Icelanders are swimming. And Iceland, this is peak summer. It's 55 degrees outside. People are swimming. In a swimming pool behind me and sliding around a water slides. Some different up here in the water man. The Nordic people's, they're just stronger. And they're just like, you know, they're just like, you know, I wouldn't swim if it was 10 degrees warmer. This should as wild as Icelanders. You're it. I'm leaning so that my back can relax for a second. Right. None of this is psychological. It's actually better if just do this. Yeah. Yeah. I'm leaning so that my back can relax for a second. Right. None of this is psychological. It's actually better if just do this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very good. Wow. Mark us come down. That's, uh, max the editor boy. Oh, isn't it? That's max the editor boy. He's a big boy in real life. He's like, that doesn't look like a boy. And then that's, that's got the video guy. Like, yeah. All right, viewers. So I'm going to do works out here on the belt squat. I've never used a hammer strength belt squat. It's actually quite nice. Remember me from the gay boss never. No, it's a shit. I was on a lot of drugs man. I just remember your taste. It's really good. What? Well, it depends. Are you giving me a low job or am I giving you a low job? Uh, you start. Is that your first time, huh? Let's start with a picture. And then we'll see you down there. Maybe 15 to 20 reps here with a few breaks. And then whatever I get on that set, I'm going to do it again on the next set with a few more breaks. Two sets. As soon as I'm done with both of those, I'm probably going to go and walk like 20 steps lunge. Uh, as soon as you're done with any kind of really quad heavy movement and it really Your father's doing some lunges automatically extends the amount of time that you spend close to the proximity of failure within failure proximity. And so it actually multiplies the hypertrophic benefits substantially. In a way that doesn't reduce result in a lot of systemic fatigue because the total volume isn't even that high. Um, it's awesome. So a free bonus. But for me, my um, uh, adductors got real sore from lunges last time and they're not so healed healed. So I can't do something super or more heavy more intense. So for me, this is also a really good kind of, um, uh, sort of de-load for hamstrings or some good good got for glutes and for adductors just because it kind of moves the shit through and stretches it out. So I'm gonna get this set going and I'm gonna see what happens. Holy shit. 20. Another set of 20 after this little break and then a set of 20 bodyweight lunges. That's the workout. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, guys. I alarm a mirror. Oh boy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 20. You guys all noticed how I stay on top side of my toes for the back leg. I'm sorry, I don't push through it too much. Keep the tension on the front leg most part. Making it more glued down in it, which is what I want other lunges right now. But since my quadzel pre-cooked kind of 50 50. So, if you guys are in Iceland, you know, an edict, give a world-class gym. As a few locations from what I've seen, a phenomenal place to train. And from 50's kid. Well, she was also pretty, pretty ladies and young men to look at. I mean, hang out with, I don't stare at people. Oh boy. Anyway, 50's kid loves it here, so it was maxed at a boy's same person. Love you. See you guys next time.