Some people do this thing, like, how do I go on a sleep at 8pm every night or 9pm? I'm not going to sleep at 9pm, I'm not going to sleep at 9pm. That's when all the good shows are on. That's when Netflix is like, hey, you should probably watch this. You probably will. But there's a very big difference between the ones every two weeks pulling an all nighter or going about it to AM and doing that like three days a week. That second one is going to mess with your gains because your sleep will be highly subopted. So having a ritual of where you brush your teeth, then you take a hot shower, then you curl up with a good book. That sequence, even if it's small, can make a big difference. Folks, why did I yell that? Hello, RP Strength says I have to say I'm Dr. Mike for RP Strength. Now that my legal stuff has taken care of, let's talk about how sleep hygiene works, how you can get better sleep and some examples of how I get my good sleep with my phenomenal life that I love so much. Sleep is a big deal for games. Study after study show that if you don't get enough sleep, your ability to grow muscle suffers tremendously. Your ability to gain fat is boosted tremendously. And even if you're a caloric deficit, your ability to lose fat is severely hampered. Which means that if you're on a weight loss journey in a caloric deficit, if you don't get enough sleep, you might be losing muscle and not fat. I'm not kidding. It's a real thing. So let's talk about how to get good sleep. I have 11 tips for you today. This really is kind of a really big deep dive. So don't listen to this before you go to sleep, otherwise it's going to be boring and you're going to not off. But if you are still here with us, put in your headphones, look around you, the world is beautiful. Let's talk about sleep. Number one is to have a consistent week, week, week, week, week, week. Number one is to have a consistent sleep wake schedule. Going to bed at roughly the same time every day, roughly I'll get to that in a second. What that means, even weekends can strengthen your circadian rhythms, improving your sleep quality majorly. If you go to bed and wake up at roughly the same time on most days, the reinforces your biological clock, which is an internal thing that happens in your brain, it makes sure you're secreting melatonin, which puts you to sleep at the right time, and it makes sure you're secreting cortisol in the morning to wake you up at the right time and not secreting about your cortisol and your supposed to go in a bed or melatonin when you're supposed to be waking up. If you can get into that habit, even over a few days, it really does improve sleep quality. And the real-world tip here is to pick realistic times. Some people do this thing, like, how do I go on a sleep at 8pm every night or 9pm? No, you're not, my f***er. That's what all the good shows are on. That's when Netflix is like, hey, you should probably watch this and you probably will. So instead, pick some realistic times for many people that's between 10, 11 and midnight or clock, get your 7 and a half to 8 and a half hours, wake up at that time, roughly every night. Now, plus or minus 30 minutes, even plus or minus an hour is not a big deal, but the less variation you can have the better. Is it okay to party every now and again, and get crazy on the weekends and not sleep? Yes, you're living life. It's no big deal. But there's a very big difference between once every two weeks pulling an all night or going a bed at 2am and doing that like three days a week. That second one is going to mess with your gains because your sleep will be highly subopt. Me personally, I'm usually in bed by about 11pm. Sometimes this late is midnight. On the weekends, I tend to be high in edible marijuana, which I mostly take earlier on the day, so I'm not super high by the time I go to bed, but weed makes me very, very tired and groggy, so I'll often go to bed even earlier on weekends, which sounds like I'm not having any fun in my life. Yes, this is a cry for help. Now and again, again, you can go crazy, have an all night or it just can't be all the time. Number two tip. Morning, sunlight exposure. Instead of the sun, it's better to look at a poster of Andrew Huberman. That way you can get direct sunlight through your eyelids. You can even look at it with your eyes closed. Still works. On a serious note, as is actually true, 10 to 20 minutes of sunlight exposure to your eyes. In the morning, can regulate circadian timing. It makes you more alert in the day. And actually, preps you for being sleepy or night, even if the sunlight was delivered in the morning. That's how that works. So it's really, really awesome. The sunlight activates retinal cells, synchronizing your biological clock, suppressing melatonin and stimulating serotonin actually to get your morning vibes to be really, really awesome. You can do this in a couple of different ways. You can take a morning walk. You can enjoy your coffee, sitting on your porch or something and taking in the daylight hours. You probably don't want sunglasses. You want real actual unfiltered light to hit your retinas. You don't have to stare directly into the sun and cloudy days are totally fine. Just going outside and looking around it out door things and at the sky right now and again, for 10 to 20 minutes is going to do what it's supposed to do. Please do not stare directly at the sun. Me. I'm Peter and I'm really bad about this. I should generally wake up and I walk for 45 seconds to the gym or I wake up and I go downstairs to the basement where there is tensionally no light and I go to work. It's not great. We do keep my wife and I or one of our bedroom windows is permanently unblinded so that morning sunlight gets in which does help with waking and in the springtime and in the summer they really fall. When we get into the wintertime, it's Michigan. There isn't no sun so that's a bit wacky. I personally like it when the morning is their dark because I'm Russian and for some reason that reminds me of home but I would recommend this so this one I get a big hit on. I actually don't do nearly as well as I should and I'm considering getting better about it. So just to show you that even though I am perfect in every measurable way and these bullshit ways they don't really count because I'm awesome and flawless, I even I air like you people do but less often because I'm better. But on a series no for real for real yeah like just try to do your best man. I'm all supposed to be living my best life here with these recommendations. I don't get them all. No big deal. Just try to do your best. Point number three is to do a digital detox. It's where you get an IV and digits go in. No, there's a different thing. Screen limitations before bet. No, I know what you're thinking and ever going to do it or hold on there's a hack. Reducing screen time. 30 to 60 minutes before trying to go to sleep. Provence blue light interference blue light is the part of light spectrum that tells your private ass like hey, primate wake up. It's morning time. It's daytime. It's daytime. In our evolved ancestry, we really never experienced any kind of blue light hitting our eyes after the sun went down. Where the fuck would you find blue light in the natural world after the sun goes down? Exactly. Basically nowhere. So it's basically any time you get blue light your brains like oh shit if they time let's go. And so if you're taking in normal blue light from devices from your TV from your cell phone etc. Then your brains like I know it's 11 pm. What is it really? Because I'm getting sunlight maybe let's go. And so that's not ideal remotely. What can we do about this? First of all, you can just stop 30 or 60 minutes before bed with devices. You can read a book, shit like that. A real book. I know it's kind of weird. However, almost every digital device now offers a night mode which I turn on and every digital device that offers it so the device actually doesn't shoot blue light anymore. It just does the warmer tones which is really two birds with one stone. I'll have more to say in a little bit about how to manage what kind of content you're consuming at night because that's still matters. But it turns that you can have your screens up as long as they are blue light filtered. You can also put on the blue light glasses. If you want those are kind of funky, most people don't like to wear them around. If you want to wear it, I think that's totally great. But a lot of times your phone will just have the filter on it to begin with. So it's really really awesome. And then a lot of people will have their devices really close to them when they sleep and sometimes wake up in the middle of the night when they can't sleep and start scrolling on them. And if they're blocked off, that's okay. But if they're not blue light blocked, then it's a bad idea. Sometimes if you're really tempted to go to devices and to piss away your time in the middle of the night, just put the charger and the device out of reach from your bed. You're not going to get out of bed. You lazy asshole. You're just going to sit in bed and then you're going to go and you'll fall back asleep. So something to do that. Now, the way I do this in my own life is pretty much almost every night. The last thing I do is talk to chatchipet is my best friend. And I use the 4.5 model for deep wisdom. This is just smartest thing in the world. And my screen auto shifts at 8pm tonight mode. So it doesn't bother me. And I'll tell you more about why talking to chatchipet in the way I do it is a little bit better than some other ways that I've used to engage individual devices. But that's another tip. All right. Next up, number four is strategic substance what you want to do is you want to take in no caffeine with an eight hours of your bed time and no alcohol within two to four hours of your bed time because both can degrade sleep quality. Caffeine blocks a denocene receptors, which are sleep inducing receptors. Caffeine basically tricks your brain into thinking you're not tired when you actually are not great. Alcohol disrupts deep sleep and REM sleep, which is also not ideal. You can get to sleep faster with alcohol but the high quality sleep is going to be missing for many, many hours of the night. So real world wise, if this is one of these things where science kind of gives you a big middle finger, people drink coffee and drink soda all day long. The real recommendation is to stop a forenoon. And then how about spursa catering coffee in the morning? Maybe drink coffee at noon and that's good enough. And that's not bad. You get two pumps for the day, not terrible. Obviously keeping alcohol minimal because it's just toxic and not good for almost any part of you is a good start. But if you're going to have it have it early in the evening, hydrate well after work, so it doesn't disrupt your sleep quality, it doesn't make you dehydrated. And if you know, consider replacing your evening alcohol with, I don't know, just staring at the wall or some shit like that. You know, Chetchipy T says we're placing with herbal tea or sparkling water but I mean Scott does that really replace alcohol in any meaningful way? Like, not just about drinkin something. It's about me having the demon shut up for at least five minutes of my god damn day. Oh, the wife of that me that my throat. For me personally, I was never used alcohol or caffeine. Alcohol makes me dumber and very sick and it no longer reduces my social anxiety, which is down to zero to begin with at this point in my life. So there's no point for me to have alcohol. My caffeine intake is zero because it just gives me anxiety. It's not worth it for me. And it sure shit keeps me up at night. So that. So for me, I just duck both of these by just never engaging in. I'm not saying that you should do that though. I'm a weird person, very weird things in my life. And don't just copy me. I'm not some kind of health guru. Sure, shit, not in practice. But yeah, just for me, I just duck it all all together. However, I do use edible marijuana on the weekends. And that doesn't interfere with sleep quality. And so I use it early. I typically take it somewhere between 12 p.m. and 2 p.m. so that I can be hiled day and then by the night time I'm feeling crisper. And then I wake up feeling snappy. Then next day. Usually I'm still pretty groggy. But after a few hours that morning, I feel right is ring. All right. Number five, this is a big one. This is a huge one. Optimizing your bedroom temperature and ventilation. Massive. A cool bedroom enhances sleep efficiency in depth because in our evolved environment, notice when the sun goes down, it always gets colder. And so that cold kind of coming in, tells your body like, hey, like, you're a sleep time now. It's a big deal. And your body temperature tends to drop when sleep onset hits. And this kind of can drop it for you. So it's a double limmer. The other thing is ventilation is multiple studies have found that with a really good air flow in your room, your sleep quality is better. If you have stagnant air, your sleep quality is worse, which is not a good thing whatsoever. And you can do things about this. You can do things about this. So the recommended bedroom temperature, some of you are going to be like, what the is 60 to 67 degrees Fahrenheit, 15 to 19 degrees Celsius. That is cold. The rule I use for myself is if it's too cold to sleep without a blanket. But in my blanket, I feel cozy and warm. It's going to lead to the best sleep. And typically that's how you can gauge it. So if you're one of these very lean people, that's a very hot climate adapted genetically, if you're for example of African ancestry, it is unlikely that you're going to be interested in sleeping in 60 degrees. You're going to be like, why people are crazy and you're going to be completely right. So maybe for you it's 72 degrees, just make sure that you feel warm and cozy in a blanket. But if you were to take the blanket off or put it halfway up your body, you'd be like, that's I'm cold. That's how you get your best sleep. If you are sweating, you have your blanket off of your slaying that like this, you are not going to get your best sleep 99 times out of 100. If you need to go lower than 60 degrees because you're Norwegian or some crazy shit in your cover with hair, totally fine. Again, warm on a blanket and not cold under the blanket, cold without the blanket is a very, very good way to do things. You can adjust the thermostat. If you have like Google home, Google, Nest, whatever the hell it is, then you can have the thermostat start cooling down in the evening and then start warming up in the morning, which is also really nice because as it warms up in the morning, it actually wakes you up. So if you say I typically wake up about 8 a.m. and about 7, I want the thermostat to start driving the heat up. By the time it's like 745, you're kind of like awake and you're like, I'm a little hot and remember every time you get a little hot, you're like actually start waking up, which is why it's really bad to go to sleep on your hot, but really good to wake up a little bit warmer. Experiment with breathable bedding materials, cotton, things like that, and cooling pads or cooling beds are cool. If you need that sort of thing, if air conditioning isn't good enough, and definitely fans for warmer climates, but I also use a fan by my bed for that ventilation effect, making sure that the air flow is always going is a really, really good thing. In our household right now, we switch to 60 to 63 degrees at night, our Google home situation will make that happen for us. And my poor Southeast Asian wife is typically dying at such temperatures because she's like an icicle, however, that's part of the master plan because you see and what may come as a surprise to you, I sleep in the same bed with my wife and where is she going to find warmth, but in my arms? You want warmth? Let's start with cock. No, okay, just warmth. Hey, shut up, Scott, I'm trying to get laid out here. Are you going to are you going to touch me? Maybe. Oh, hey, I'm getting lucky. Speaking of luck, number six, bedroom as a sleep sink, jewelry. You want lilies, Buddhist monks, the monkeys that live at temples, little pools, she'll like that. All right, number seven, wait, no, how but here's the thing with a sleep sanctuary. Ideally, you want your bedroom to be a place in which you just do two things. Sleep and sleep with people, which is to say sex. Scott, did you know that when I was a young child, I heard about the Michael Jackson controversy and I asked my parents about it and I basically was confused why it was controversial for people to take lots of money to sleep with Michael Jackson, but in my young brain, I just thought you slept next to him in the bed. That is what happened. Right, Scott is a Michael Jackson allegations denier, everyone. Not convicted in court of law. We're not getting into this right now, which is what all the children said to Mike, but he never listened. Hey, in any case, you want your bedroom to be for fun times and for sleep times and for probably nothing else. The mechanism here is psychological conditioning. If you start associating your bedroom with work, with stress, with texting, then when you go to bed, your brains are okay. I'm in this position, what I got. I can have sex with whoever's next to me. I can text and scroll and look at YouTube videos. I guess I can sleep, but that's just one of the things on the list. You want that list to be very short. Sexy time or sleep time. What you have nice is that two birds with one stone. Real world tips here. Laptops, phones, work materials, get them out of bed. Clutter has been shown to decrease sleep quality. Get your clean bed going. Declutter your room, declutter your bed. Your room should be a very simple, a clean, minute, very minimalist place with a very comfortable bed. That's going to help you sleep a ton. And if you're going to have to engage in activities, get out of bed and go to those activities and come back. That's going to keep the bed the sanctuary psychologically. It's a big deal. It really does help. My wife, Chris Lennie, we used to watch TV in our bedroom. We have a couch in a TV in our bedroom, aside from our also bed. But recently, we got upgraded to a mega TV that's in our living room. So we watch TV in a living room and then we migrate to bed for sleep and that's actually a better way to do it. It's tough to pull this off if you live in a dorm room or you live in a room that you're renting with friends and it's kind of your little work desk in your bedroom. There, your best bed is to try to go to library to study or do work and then just separate that from when anytime you're in your bedroom or chilling or you're just going to sleep. And potentially you can set up like a little couch TV area, little desk work area, and then a bedroom area bedroom, a bed area so that like just don't get in bed to do anything other than sleep or copulating with people. That's it. And if you can do that, you can even manage the room situation. But when you're on the couch, you're watching TV or you're scrolling on your phone or playing video games. When you're at your desk, you're doing work. When you're in your bed, it's only for sleep. That still helps. 7. Bleep. Pre sleep and flying down rituals are a big deal. Scott, we'll have video be out already by then. The wind down. We have a video about how to wind down. I share all my tips. So the TLDR here is a consistent relaxing, pre sleep ritual signals the brain to transition into sleep mode. And this is a habituation thing. You get used to doing relaxing things before you go to bed. All of a sudden when you start doing those relaxing things, your body's like, oh yeah, relaxing stuff. And it really quickly relaxes you. It doesn't happen right away. But a few days a few weeks later, it's going to be an awesome habit. What kind of things help in this regard? From taking you from fight or flight, pair of sympathetic to, sir, good god, fight or flight sympathetic to pair a sympathetic rest and digest mode. A warm bath or hot shower or really well. You can do some meditation. You can do some stretching. You could even do journaling if people do that sort of thing. Probably a good idea to keep that ritual to between 15 and 30 minutes in length. And the same sequence each night. So having a ritual of where you brush your teeth, then you take a hot shower, then you curl up with a good book or whatever. And then you go to bed at whatever 1030, that sequence, even if it's small, can make a big difference. It's a good idea to dim the lights during that time. And maybe have gentle music or white noise to just really woo saw your body. And I'll tell you my average sleep routine. It is not recommended. It's just what I do. My goal on the channel and in real life is to keep it 100 with you guys all the time. So what I do is typically I'll put on my VR goggles to enjoy an adult film by myself and the bathroom. I'm not joking. And even though Scott's laughing at me, my friend, I will shower because well, cake, cement is disgusting to go to sleep with. I will have a genius shot in mixed in with a soda, which gives me 23 grams of high quality proteins, your grams of carbs, your grams of fat, the soda is diet and caffeine free. So it's just a fun drink to have. And it's usually not a lot of soda because that'll just pee a lot. So it's a little bit of a drink. Typically when I do this, I will watch something on YouTube. Like I watch documentaries. I wife usually passed out by that point or watch people play military video games. You know, nerdy shit like that. And then I will have my nighttime supplements. I will shoot growth hormone. Yes, it's really thing. And I will cut it up in bed and talk to chat GPT for a little bit. And then be like, I can't do this anymore. I'm falling asleep. And then I put my phone plug it in. Turn, fall asleep, clockwork baby. Almost every night. It's a great life. If you thought that making a lot of money and becoming a pseudo world famous in the fitness industry was going to make your life amazing, this is what you have to look forward to. Number eight, complete darkness and minimal noise is huge. Now I personally don't do complete darkness because I'm afraid of the dark. Scott, are you afraid of the dark? I mean, that was my favorite show back in the day. Yeah, it was good show. I was too scared. I didn't watch it. But I heard it was good. Are you actually afraid of the dark? Like not at all. Damn, do you real make the dark? Shut up. I was born in the dark. Okay, Batman. So, excess light, especially a lot of excess light can tell your brain. Hey, it's still daytime. Remember, in nature, excess light isn't incredibly rare. So when it's super dark, your brains like, hey, we're going to sleep. Disruptive sounds can reduce your ability to go to sleep. If you have a regular sounds like your neighbors are arguing downstairs while you're trying to fall asleep, that's an unstarter. If you have some regular sounds come up through the night that wake you up, disrupt sleep quality asleep continuity. That's really bad. The real world tips here are to invest potentially in blackout curtains or blackout curtains are go to put them shit over your window and you're like, holy crap, dude, it could be whatever time out there, it's nighttime in my room, which is really awesome, especially helps with folks living in big busy cities because you put blackout curtains up, doesn't matter. You can try an eye mask. If the blackout curtain is not an option, it takes a little bit of time to get used to sleeping, but the comfortable eye masks are really awesome. A lot of times, I'll travel on airplanes. I'll put the eye mask on and go to sleep. It's really great. You could use earplugs potentially, which again, takes them get used to and it's not super comfortable often. Sometimes they work out. If there's a lot of noise, you can also have a white noise machine. It's a big deal that can help white noise helps a lot of people because if you have total silence, sometimes your brain starts like listening for like any amount of noise because fighter flights like hey, that you better and listen because predators can be sneaking up. But if you have white noise, it gives your brain that, hey, there's noise, but you can't hear anything and there's no statistical, it's random noise. It's nothing to get out of that noise, it's really pay attention to and after a while you're brain is like this and it just goes to sleep. If you have distracting LEDs and electronics, like my wife has one of those automatic toothbrush things, the power truth brush, Scott, no joke that thinks it's in our bathroom, but we have to close our bathroom door because if the bathroom door is open, the shit like every 10 seconds, pulse is white light, it fills up the room. Yeah, I have one of those as well. What the hell? Why would you do that? Why? Why do you need to tell me my brushes here every 10 seconds? Like, is it the vibes of its recharging? Like, I know, I know I get it, it's recharging. Holy shit people. It's great, it's a great product, but like the shit's wild. So you can put table over stuff like that, you can close doors, just make sure you're not getting a crap load of light for no reason. Here's what I do. I have a huge act here. You go to YouTube, get your premium account so that you can close your phone and still have your phone charged and play in the music. You go to your search and you go rain sounds for sleeping. Amazing. You can do thunder. You can do no thunder. Gentle rain for sleeping. Amazing. But, and I use this as a special treat every now and again, go to YouTube right now and type in eight hours of star scapes by nature relaxation films. This is something you can actually watch on your TV before you go to bed. It is some of the most gorgeous video I've ever seen in my life. It's enhanced views of the Milky Way, time lapsed from various beautiful nature places. And it's nice and dark, but light enough to see. And if you put it up on your phone and you hit your phone screen off so you can still hear it, it is some of the most beautiful music I have ever heard. I'm not kidding. It's like the best eight hours of music I've ever listened to in my entire life. I purposefully don't use it too often because I want to remain special. And it is eight hours of star scapes. They have another one that's five hours star scapes. It's amazing. If you have any recommendations, throw them in the comments because that kind of shit is awesome. All right. Next, regular exercise is a really good for promoting sleep. Hard exercise during the day is awesome for sleep because it increases a data scene concentration of the brain which is one of the significant molecules that tells you your tired and makes you go to sleep. Makes sense. You do a lot of hard exercise. Like I can take an app and that really does help. A lot of people that struggle with insomnia are just insufficiently physically active. They do kind of dust jobs, getting them out there, beaten that ass, doing a cross for a workout, really, really helps. But the critical timing here is that hard training cannot occur any closer than about three hours before bedtime. And I ideally more like six. So morning and after afternoon workouts are really, really great. You can do a little bit of light activity which is totally fine. Things like stretching or yoga or a little bit of a walk, that can be done up to an hour before bed. But stay the hell away from super hard activity close to bed and do plenty of it way, way, way before bed. For my own personal stuff, my wife and I will take an evening walk most evenings as late as 8 to 9 p.m. after that it's mostly be set on the couch and chill. I train in the morning. So it's all good to me. I don't ever have that an overlapping effect. And I really do encourage you guys to train a little bit earlier in the day because you want at least two post workout meals before you go to bed. So your muscles have some food to feed on and actually grow and recover. Instead of training late at night having a quick snack and going to bed, it's a gate hours if you kind of fasting after your workout more or less. That's not a good idea. You need to feed your muscle. So I would say, finish your workout at the latest at maybe 7 p.m. and then have a meal at 7 7 30, have another lighter meal at 10. And you're good to go. Any earlier is also better. But just don't go too late because then you're going to be fight or flight. You're going to be sympathetic over drive. You're not going to be able to fall asleep and you won't be able to eat all the meals that you need to to really recover from and grow a muscle for your workout. Number 10. Duff tales well into this. Having light evening meals instead of heavy evening meals. Eating large meals closer to bedtime, worsens sleep quality. But lighter dinners improve sleep onset. You don't want to be totally hungry and I run fall asleep like that, but you also don't want to be over full. If you're over full, heavy digestion actually raises your body temperature, which is exactly the opposite of what kicks you into sleep. That's no good. And that reduces your probability of falling asleep on time. And if you do fall asleep on time, it almost certainly degrades your sleep quality for an hour or two. No good. No good at all. So the real world tip is to have dinner two to three hours before bedtime. You can have a meal closer to bedtime. It's totally fine. But what you want to do is really emphasize having moderate to high protein and low tomatara carbs and low tomatara fats. You want to avoid overly spicy food or acidic food if it gives you gastrointestinal reflex. That's for sure. If you're hungry before bed or in an hour of bed, you can choose a small snack like Greek yogurt that often helps. What I do is I do a genius shot or two with soda as my last meal very often. A lot of times I'll have Greek yogurt. I with the 20 grams of protein and three grams of fat per serving. I think there's the Oicos Greek yogurt. I have like two or three of those. They're awesome. Casey and shake or Casey and putting works really well. Don't over consume fluids because you're going to wake up a bunch to pee. Keep it low flu that works. A lot of times I'll have some ground turkey with avocado oil and a bit of salt and seasoning and I rarely have any more food than that. I used to still like spirit wise. I love eating a little food and falling asleep. It's bad for your health. It's bad for sleep, it's bad for gains. It's not only doing that much anymore. It's sad but such as life. Scott you know what you can actually eat before bed and I found this out just recently. It actually really really promotes good sleep. I have some ideas but go ahead. This dude did the do you want? Do you want to try it? I think you were a minute would have proved so on that. What was that? Okay again a new video guy required for the YouTube channel. Please submit your resume in the comments. Number 11 the last major tip and this is a big one. This is one that I have struggled valiantly against and doing better. Thoughts of what could have been. No, sorry. That's just daily life. Avoiding evening arousal. Which doesn't mean arousal in this case though it also does. Drama and what's called a digital temptation. Let's discuss. If you want the best sleep, you have to be in a relaxed, parasympathetic non-fighter flight state of mind. If you go on to what is called by researchers, the internet, you may find relaxation and calm, but you might also find emotionally charged online debates. Scott, let's do a debate really quick. Can you tell me I'm wrong? Mike, let's just wrong. No, you're wrong. No. Block. I'm right. Delete. Go to my own social media and bridge post about you. That's it. Scott and I just did dull internet for you. Some did all up. Don't do that. That'll keep your ass away because you'll get pissed. That's fighter flight and try. Know the sucks. If you really want good sleep, try to avoid provocative late night interactions like sexting and flirt texting. It's really the same thing. So heated arguments or flirtatious exchanges trigger your sympathetic nervous system, fighter flight, arousal, fight flight or, oh, I guess the other thing that also starts with an F. Love. Increases cortisol and increases adrenaline. So that does not put you to sleep. It's tempting. It's tempting. It's tempting. I know. So what are some real-world tips? You can enforce a no controversial debates after dinner rule. I actually don't even watch political programming after dinner and I sure should don't go to debate people after dinner. Dating apps. Scott, what if she's hinge, swipe, Tinder, Bumble. Bumble. Binder for you. Christian singles. J-date for J-date. Bottom resuffling. Farmer's only was a sweet, a sweet side is a sweet side. J-date. I have a joke about J-date that I can't say on this channel or any public forum. However, me and real life asked me about my J-date joke. It's not a lot of joke, but it's a giggle. Um, get them apps and silence your app notifications. You do not even ping by that one girl. Keep trying to get it at one in the morning. I'm trying to sleep bitch. Oh. Instead, because they're okay. So I tell you, okay, don't do this kind of stuff. And I've got to find Dr. Mike. I don't do it. But then what are you supposed to do? You need different activities. You can do reading. You can do podcasts that are like cool storytelling podcasts. Instead of like super exciting ones, gentle music. You can chat with your significant other. You can talk to your dog even though he's asleep and never really cared for you. You knew never really loved you. But you purchase the dog you can't return himself. Go to a website called marginal revolution. It's technical economics literature and summaries of also boring technical economics articles that come out every day. Regions to marginal revolution. You'll be out in no time. It'll be great. And you might learn something too. Sheet like that. Cormor or intellectual reading is a really good idea. You guys remember when you were studying in 10th grade and you were trying to do the biology exam, but then every time you open the book about 50 minutes later, you file a sleep, use that to your advantage. It's a really, really big deal. Look, you can do them scroll any other time of the day. Just don't let it ruin your sleep. What do I do in this case? To wrap things up? I straight up almost never read comments anymore because if I can't debate you line by line point by point, prove my intellectual superiority. I just get pissed at seeing the comment and then it wraps around in my brain and jokes me to death. It's a huge flaw and quite open about it. And so I don't really do a whole lot of comments reading too often and especially sure shit not late at night. This I've done for a late at night comments. I've avoided for years because I didn't know it just sends me to the moon. Most people on the internet are dope, but a few people who think they know things but really don't and say upsetting things. They really get under my skin much more than I'd like to admit though I just admitted it. It really drives me crazy to reach it like that. Or is the latin essay crazy? Speaking of which, if you happen to be a latina, you need to know about Jared Feather, IFVV Pro. Let me tell you why. He is... Scott loves this part. Jared Feather is a 5 foot 10 5 foot 11 tall man. Jared isn't as early 30s. Jared is single. He's a professional body builder. He is a master's degree holder. He is a person that takes care of pretty much all of his family with his millionaire finances. None of this is a joke and he's gonna love you. Especially if you're a latina or Southeast Asian, like you've never been loved before. And so especially if you're a latina, consider the RP Diet Coach app. Because you're a latina, you're almost flawless. Few weeks of dieting with the RP Diet Coach happening that body fat down a little bit. Bring that muscularity up and you might even be noticed by a Mr. Jared Feather and end up in his arms, which would be amazing. Also, and as the last thing I'll say, I promise. You guys know that series of Star Wars series in a Disney channel called Andor. You feel me? That one girl, andor is wife or whatever girlfriend, Bix. You don't understand, and girl. You don't have to run a high from no empire, King Jerry's got your back. Put them sleeping pills away, girl. Who's gonna... who's gonna protect you better? Jared Feather, IFBB Pro, photo here, or Darth Vader and the Empire and the Emperor and all the storm troopers. It's not even close. Will he break your heart in the end? Probably, would it be really fun while happens? So Bix, wherever actress that is, Jared Feather lives and exists, and he already knows about you and he is ready and full of love. Why, can we talk about Jared Feather for a long time? Because he is period, I'll see you guys next time. Sweet dreams.