Music Hey folks, it's up to me Dr. Mike for a Renaissance Periodization and I would like for you to give to come along with me for a little ride and the ride isn't that fun, it's not a roller coaster. It's just myself and the Jared training back. This is like our real world vlog style training session where we just train back like we normally do Wednesday morning and we're in Las Vegas, Nevada. Elevation gym, we go to a couple of gyms here, the other two being Fit Club and of course, wow it's going to swear. And Dragonslear, Flex F and Lewis, all great gyms. This one's great too. If you're ever here in Las Vegas, Nevada, I would check those three gyms out at least. We are going to be doing bake three exercises. Jared's back is a little bit hurt. He has a back injury kind of in his lower back, so he's going to be trying to figure out ways around that. We'll see how that works. I'll feel pretty good but we'll find out what's going on. We got pull ups, assisted pull ups for more volume and slightly high repetitions and then cable flexion rows. We are going to warm up with assisted pull ups for regular pull ups because well, we're like 200 whatever out pounds. We're going to start doing that right now. And if you really like this kind of video, we'll log style training session. We do these all the time in the member section, so this is kind of like one of those little like, oh the members get in and you get it as well. If you want more of this kind of stuff, give some thought to signing up for the membership and check five bucks a month and you get an extra video every week and every now and again one of these videos will be this vlog count from about training. We recorded a bunch of them. We're going to record a bunch more in the future, so come along for the ride. Warm it up, warm it up, assisted pull ups are excellent warm up for regular pull ups. Exercise is very similar. You can use a very small fraction of weight. One thing that's pretty cool in warm ups is you instantly realize the utility of the warm up. Because typically the first warm ups set, I'm using 160 pounds. I'm extra assistance, which is a ton. Typically the warm ups set feels like I'm so weak. And my joints are so creaky that the idea that this would instead be my first work set is wild. I would underperform like crazy. I'd be like six reps off of what I could normally do. And I would be a little bit concerned about getting hurt. Do any things cold as stupid? Just why when people try to do like pull ups cold, I was like what are you doing? Why do push-ups like this too, buddy? You should warm those up too. When I start warming up, everything feels creaky and weak and weird. And I'm like oh my god, fuck my even spurs the business. Blood gets flowing, joints get greasy. Second warm ups set, I'm like better. Still in all I'm going to do this work set, shit. Third warm ups set, how much okay, great. First work set, I'm like okay damn, I felt pretty good. And the second work set, I'm supposed to like, we're grooving for sure, I'm not into the next work sets. How do I know what I'm going to be training? Bottom left. That's what knows my training nowadays. The RP training app. And as you can see, it already has my lift program from the last time and has automatically updated my rep goals and the weights that I'm using after I do each one, I'll check in. Yahoo, I just got to follow the upside. 160 pounds of resistance for 12, 85 pounds of assistance rather for 8. Feel pretty groovy. Probably go to the actual pull-up station. You'll see in a sec, it's not that great. And then I will, I do about two reps, get the feel for it, and then next set after. There's a work set, we're shooting for all round 10. Why in that? Yeah. Oh, I hate feeling constrained. Let me try. Ah. Works. Yeah. Yeah. I'm putting on straps. Here it's that they helped a lot on this. I have this thing with straps where recently since I'm getting older on 38, I haven't been on the career maybe has a couple years left in it. I'm trying to milk all the gains that I possibly can. And there's still this egotistical thing of like, why don't he? I don't need straps for this. But if they get me one extra high quality rep with a mine muscle connection that's really good versus me having to think about my grip at the same time, I think it's worth it. So I'm trying to do is like, I'll just use straps and anything I need to, even hypothetically get a small benefit from. I'll use the shit. If you think about it for a while, and you're like, why am I in here? Is it to do some ego bullshit with my grip versus to get a big back? Yeah, it's sort of kind of clarifies itself. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. Ugly last rep. By the way, Target 11 reps. I got shock marked automatically moves down to the next set. Eight is my wrapped target. For this next set, I got to get eat pull ups. This pre plans my progression for me to make sure that I'm hitting small PR's every session. If I can't auto detect that my performance is off, and it tells me, hey, you're good. In a five fix it in half a week, it says, hey, everything's good. Everyone has a bad day. If it finds out that for a week's straight, you've been declining on a muscle group, it recommends a deal-ode or a few recovery sessions. Weird sports size game. Literally, right? The end spit. Amazing. Real life. I want to try to set with no straps. Unfortunately, putting straps under this thing is kind of tough. I like to cinch him in, and I can't get a good angle of a cinch, so I'll just use some extra chalk and see if I can see when you get that situation going. These are actually pretty good grip elements, so pray for me. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I don't want to brag. You might not be able to do this, just not that level of financial well. I straight up walked into a Walmart a couple of days ago, legally purchased this item. Hey, God, man, what do you think is the shelf of Walmart? You guys have to have three bucks store. They invited them over. What's a reboc store? They have a thing called a reboc store. My consent concentric. Pretty explosive, which is nice, a generate a lot of muscle activation that way, not mandatory. I'd like to do them, but the eccentric, especially at the bottom is slow. I'm really, really milk that stretch and also a fast reversal at the bottom. Slight increase in injury risk and for what? To do more reps. Why? To grow more muscle. Yes. What if you did fuel reps, but did each rep better? You grow probably the same amount of muscle from that with a net reduction in injury risk. You're kind of like winning on all sides there. The only loss you're taking is you type in seven instead of six reps or whatever or six instead of seven in your notebook or in your RP training app coming soon. So a lot of stuff in the gym is kind of ego driven by default. Are you sort of in a process that? Like, oh, why am I trying so hard to get 12 reps on here at the expense of my technique? You think about it longer? You're like, because 12 reps damn it. And then you're like, wait a minute. If the technique is good, the progression should result from just me getting stronger over time. But you're zeroing on a really, really good technique and make sure that the reps come as they come. If I can't get another rep with good technique, it's just not happening. 11, 8, 7, 6, pull ups. That's the last set. Six, time for assisted pull ups. Same grip. The big benefit of assisted pull ups is too full. One, you get more repetitions per set, which can a lot of times put you in that rep range that's more conducive to growth. At this point, I'd be doing sets of four and three, probably better to do sets of five to ten. But I'm going to actually get into the ten to fifteen range with the assistance. The other benefit is that the assisted pull up slows the movement down for you. And puts it on rails so you can think less about the mechanics of pulling and more about how the mind muscle connection is feeling. Are you getting that good decompression? Are you really letting that stretch pull the muscle apart? The mind muscle connection and assisted pull ups, it's not just helping you with weight and you just do the same old pull up that you can. It helps you with the weight so you can focus more on your technique, on your mind muscle connections, specifically not your gross motor technique. I think that's a really really big thing. And if you do assisted pull ups right, it's a light bulb moment. We're like, oh, fuck, this isn't just pull ups with assistance. It's a little bit more than that to really, really meticulous muscle growth training. F ally Holy moly. Oh, I can feel that. This is a great hamstring. This is a chin and dip. Recommended. Very good machine. Not the best of its kind. But damn, it's up there. Really critical things to look for in a assisted pull-up machine are one good range of motion, especially bottom stretch. Two is very smooth lubrication, which combines with three to be something like, you can get a lot of eccentric loading, a lot of loading on the stretch. Some machines. It's really hard to pull up and then away down your leg. That's no good. The eccentric is huge. And robbing yourself of that. Not going to result in a time-mort growth. This machine pretty well checks all those boxes so it's good in my book. So, good enough grips for me here, especially with just the assistance weight. I don't have to use straps, reverses. Not bad. Not bad. Just really trying to focus on following the movement up is just up, whatever. Following it down, feeling my last stretch under load and really pull apart. Really helps me make sure I'm preferentially activating my last assist. I'm kind of using my entire pull complex. I don't care, last by-seps, everything. On the way up, I try to preferentially activate my last, which really kind of is like a mini eccentric accentuated overload training. Because if I just use my last alone, try to hover effect of that as to get up. I probably get a few reps. This way I get more reps and each one of them is essentially overloaded to my last. I think it on the margin may do a little something extra. I'm sure some of you are watching this video. When you're like, I do a bunch of pull-ups. I do a bunch of assist pull-ups. The only thing left is cable rows. We'll talk about those in a bit. It's like three exercises, sort of. Maybe like two and a half. It's not exciting training. It's not. Not in this case. But the way Jared and I construct our understanding of training is, we want results. What the best possible long-term results. And if according to our knowledge of sport science, and our experience and feedback, multiple straight sets, close to failure, of the same or similar movements, seem to give us the best results, that's what we're doing. Is it maximally entertaining for the viewer for ourselves, using a bunch of different machines, different angles? Fuck man, no shade, but I saw someone I follow on the internet. Did a back work out? It was like five by 12. It's seemingly like six different movements. It's like, holy shit. It's just a lot of different moving around. Then it was short rest and it wasn't close to fail. But it was definitely more exciting to watch, as a viewer if you watch that back work, you're like, well, this is different stuff going on. You could learn a lot from it, different angles, different machines, or uses. Use some of the same machines, but very different pulling styles. It's kind of like, you know, take, it's like a car commercial. When you see a car, it drives in the city, it picks up the kids, it drives in the country, it goes up and down mountain roads, it picks up a goat, you know what I'm sure like that. Drives by a lake, drives on the sun, and you're like, wow, this car can do a lot. For sure, when you actually buy the car, you're using it to go to work and drop your kids off at school. You're probably not hitting any fucking mountain ranges on your way. And that's the difference between driving a car for utility versus driving a car to show off. So our workouts are very utilitarian in the sense that they're purely utilitarian. The utility from them is maximum muscle growth accretion over time. You can learn a little bit at least to like them and not me to embrace it. To see five sets of a slip-up on your program and be like, I like this. And someone's like, really, it's the same thing. I like the fact that I plug in and really dig into the monotony and the pain and the brutality. And I know I'm going to get the best results. And I learn to like the thing that gives me the best results. I'll just get into this straight. Listen, I'm under hand. I'll overhand, but I love this part. It's really, I don't know, clicks. You guys like that science? Just fuck clicks, bro. Just fuck clear my back, clicking. Fifty five pounds for Jared Feather. 120 pounds for who? His daddy. Me. Many of you don't know this. Two things. One, Jared Feather is my literal biological son. Two, and I know this is crazy. It's a good public access. You don't have a burst. I do, and I don't have a father on it. No, no, no, that's not sure your mama drove it that crayon. Four sets on this. My reps are in the 15 to 20 range. Whatever the app says, what I did last time, plus a wrap. So that's, that's going to be fun. Focus on technique. Jared has a back injury. This kind of hurt him a little bit. So he might go do some inverted rows of machine rows or something. So, when I'm doing this exercise, there's a push my hips back really far. I try to lean forward a little. I get the ultra deep stretch and then arch, but not lean back. So I shit my spine as perpendicular to the ground. Gentle touch the tummy and then pull in that assner. Come up my back to round at the bottom. Pulling all the fibers out deep stretch. Huge growth drive and then back again. It's not a lot of weight. It's not very intense. It's not systemic or fatigue. It's jumping up. This is what's apped about Electronic Shea. Ahhh... Ow. Alan. Are your notes thin? Those are my biggest muscles already. My dick shaped directors. But bigger is better. 17 repetitions. No, JK-16. This is rather. Back as pumped, plumped, human swole, joint pain is great. Man, everything was like vertical pulling for high reps, this week. But yeah, wait, uh, 245 pounds this morning. They're about pretty lean. So, similar to good place, have another few weeks left of kind of very slow massing. And then after that, it's a little active rest phase about two weeks. Contest diet, contest prep. You're going to be targeting July, mid-July. Gonna do master's nationals. And Jared is, uh, what are you competing in next? Jared Died's down and once he gets lean, he picks a show, which I actually think it's hard. I'm going to do a super awesome, to be able to use the alphabet of the harpy training app long time in the works. And, uh, I just kind of sweet to be able to like see everything you need to do. You can add it whatever you want. reps and load after the first week. I'll pre-program for you for the progression. Do you don't even have to think like, oh, should I attend pounds or whatever it does for you? And you just hit the reps in the weight that it says. It's kind of freeing. Because I know because I wrote the algorithm. I know it's a good decision. And then I can't use like excuses. Oh, well, I don't know. That's what it says. Should be able to do this if progression is good. It's a pretty liberated train like that. We'll let you guys know when that happens after sale. It'll be $150,000 second to use, but you can save big by getting the year for $3 trillion. I'll hit you with those prices again later. Put a little less. Anyway, that's been the training folks. This is like, this is what our training really looks like. No bells, no whistles, minimal renting. Every now and again, a pathetic scream for help. You know, like the things you do in the dungeon with your uh, misdress or silver daddy. Yes, yes. Anyway, Jared, any wise words before we let the folks go? You can get your job, Mike. What was that? You can get your job.