Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pursation. And today's BS video topic is that insulin makes you fat or does it? Let's get into the details. What's the claim here? Well, insulin signals fat storage. And thus you should avoid insulin-secreting foods, all of which at the top end are carbohydrates. And this is the carbohydrate insulin model of obesity. People eat too many carbs. Insulin is secredent on moss. Insulin is lipogenic. It leads to the creation of fat stores. And it also removes carbohydrates from your bloodstream. And then you don't have anymore. So you're hungry again. So eat more carbs. And then just get stored as fat. And so on, the mayoring around continues to be way 600 pounds. You have no idea what happened. All I ate is one apple. You tell yourself that you sound a lot better when you say that. There is some theoretical support for the idea that this might be the case. Yes, insulin does in fact trigger lipogenesis. It does trigger the creation of fat. It absolutely does shuttle nutrients from the bloodstream into fat cells, where they are used to build more fat molecules. The part that usually folks leave out is that insulin also shuttles nutrients into muscle cells. And many other cells of your body that also build muscle. Yes, get to that in a bit. And insulin absolutely can under some circumstances cause so much of your blood glucose to be removed from the blood into the cells that you get a radical rebound, hunger spike. And it causes you consume even more carbohydrates building that positive feedback loop to get you to 600 pounds. Now, that is precisely where the support for this idea ends and the theoretical problems actually begin. First, if you are not in a calorie surplus, that is eating more calories than you burn. It is very difficult, perhaps impossible for insulin to create net increases in your body fat and body weight, where would it get that stuff from? Insulin doesn't seem to reduce your physical activity levels. So if it can't tip the scales of thermogenic balance, not really sure how it's supposed to build more net tissue, the only way to get to 600 pounds is to eat a lot of food, which insulin doesn't really itself have an effect on. Insulin in healthy people plays no favorites as to which cells it transports nutrients into another problem. So insulin is actually very anabolic towards muscle tissue. It helps muscle grow and it helps fat grow. It helps everything grow, but the key to that growth in the long term with muscle and with that is a caloric surplus. So you've got to eat more food than your body needs in order to make insulin this very powerful mediator of actual gains. Now, if you say to yourself, look, carbs are very lipogenic and the insulin that comes with him is part of the problem. Every time you eat carbohydrates, your body secretes insulin, the carbs cause fat gain, the insulin cause extra fat gain, the two of them combined are like the Batman and Robin of if Batman and Robin instead of fighting crime just made people fat. So you say to yourself, well, I like the old 1960s Batman and Robin just fine, but I'm going to eat more fats and fewer carbs. I'm even going to load low carb and I'm going to have a lot of dietary fat and very little dietary carbohydrate to prevent the insulin or carbs should being turned into fat. And then you think about that for about three seconds longer and you think, why would my body have to turn the carbs into fat? If it just got fat in the diet, it could take that fat in pretty much directly put it into fat cells and make me fat that way. And then you would answer that question in the affirmative, yes, actually, would do that. So it turns out when people do low carbohydrate diets to try to reduce the impact of insulin and carbohydrates on adiposity and the creation on the lipogenesis creation of fat, they have absolutely succeeded only to replace that carbohydrate with fat in their diets. And now that fat directly goes into fat cells and just makes you fat. Requiring no conversion I might add and it makes you just as fat to eat fats as carbs. This is a matter of fact by small margin, fat is more lipogenic than carbohydrates. So the low carb diet where eat lots of fats, that doesn't seem to work all that at well. Now, those are the theoretical problems. What problems do we run into when trying to say insulin makes you fat in the real world? Well, a couple. What hold out a second? Why am I doing work on my computer? Windows suggests that I can explore Microsoft movies and TV watching anime, horror, action, and more. And it even asks me if I want to launch it now or later, Microsoft, you know where I want more of pop-ups. In any case, Microsoft, you're great. Last time I talked smack about Bill Gates, I got a muscle cramp on this very channel. I won't do that. All right, here we go. Observe problems. First, insulin usually doesn't raise hunger levels. Insulin spikes do that if you inject exogenous insulin. If you are producing endogenous insulin, which almost everyone who says that insulin causes fat is talking about endogenous internally produced insulin, and internally produced insulin seems to usually have a negative effect on hunger. It creates a feeling of fullness. It just doesn't reliably make you hungrier unless you get some really exotic conditions. So that whole idea of a insulin is how you get hungry all the time, just doesn't seem to be true. Second, we can test this hypothesis directly. The claim is that via the insulin mediated pathways, high carbohydrate diets, which make the secretion of lots of insulin and necessity, cause more fat gain. We could just go and test that out. Yet 20 people to eat high fat diets or low carbs, yet 20 people to eat high carb diets or low fats, and see who gets fat after three months. It turns out there's basically no difference. The all of the studies taken together of which there has been dozens and dozens of studies conducted in various ways, different designs, different populations. It turns out that if you keep calories roughly the same, the amount of fat lost, gained, or maintained is also roughly the same. Whether you eat a diet mostly of carbohydrates, mostly of fats, or anything in between. So it turns out that high insulin exposure versus low insulin exposure, high carb diets for low carb diets, don't predictably lead to any differences in weight gain or fat gain. That just dukes that hypothesis right out of the water. I mean, you can speculate all you want about the mechanisms, but if the thing you're speculating is simply not true in practice, you gotta take a step back and understand that you did something wrong. For example, if I can speculate that I can beat up Tyson Fury in a boxing match because of all kinds of theoretical reasons. You know, I'm probably stronger than Tyson Fury. I'm probably younger than he is. You know, I'm a spy, I'm a little smart. It's a real, a really good idea to be smart boxing. You can break where people go. And then I get the ring and he knocks me the fuck out 10 times in a row and I do nothing about it, 10 times in a row. You got to wonder, you might have made a mistake. In the ultimate test of my claim that I can beat up Tyson Fury is actually getting in the ring and putting them gloves on. So that's how science works in study after study after study. All the studies taken together and counted separately. Show's that insulin and carbohydrates, paired together simply do not cause more bite effect gains than just good old fashion fats. Yikes. All right. So we can just throw that out. In addition, there is an idea that if foods cause a lot of insulin secretion, then they're going to cause a rebound in low carbohydrate presence in the blood and a crazy rebound hunger and then more insulin and more hunger and more carbohydrates and you get fat. That's an interesting idea could be true that if misses an entire component and entire signaling pathway and entire hormonal access in your body called the glucogon access and glucogon is a hormone that directly opposes insulin. If you have a lot of carbohydrates in your blood, insulin is secreted in order to take them and put them in the cells. If you have very little carbohydrate in the blood, glucogon tells the liver to secrete more carbohydrates into the blood to keep blood-shooker normal. How do we know that this happens like 100 years of physiology? What about if we take high insulin-ergic foods, foods that secrete a ton of insulin, even for how much carbohydrate they have? Foods like yogurt and skim milk for example. You would expect someone to eat yogurt just sit around for half an hour and then get hypoglycemia get cladding and confused and hungry for carbs and sweaty and then all of a sudden they're passing out but in reality what happens is glucogon kicks in and then a blood sugar stays perfectly normal and there is no rebound hunger effect from getting a fucking container of yogurt. Can you imagine even saying that to someone like being a lot of yogurt so I'm starving. Said no one ever would have preposterous bit of nonsense. Lastly, it's the glycemic index that's the problem right? The glycemic index tells you how much a food raises blood sugar and if it raises blood sugar ton and you're a relatively healthy person even if not, it is going to raise insulin a ton. You got the carbs, you got the insulin, it's a huge spike all the bad things that's supposed to make you fat. Here's the problem with that. The most lipogenic foods, the foods that we know from a study after a study caused the most fat gain are not even high glycemic index foods. For the amount of food that you're eating, they don't even secrete that much insulin and absolutely do not do it rapidly. The appearance of carbohydrate in the bloodstream from those foods is slow and steady like you would have with brown rice but it sure shouldn't have brown rice that is making people fat. What is it? Pizza, ice cream, cookies, etc. They are the most lipogenic foods because they have two things going for them. One, they have a ton of calories for every bite. Two, they are delicious and you just keep wanting to eat them and you do and then you get fat and you look in the mirror. You're being to cry. If it works best for your tears, your friends may judge you but should even your parents judge you. Your spouse just isn't looking at you the same way anymore. Mr. Cookie, he's never had anything against you. Give me a hug. He says, put me in your mouth. He says, look, if anyone other than Mr. Cookie is saying, put me in your mouth, you've got to report them other times to the police. That aside, low glycemic index foods, all of them are pizza ice cream cookies, they're low GI foods. They do not secrete a ton of insulin. The carbohydrate in the limonol is unable to describe why these foods are so lipogenic but the model of, well, foods are tasty and you eat more of them and they have high calories and they eat more of them and they have high calories and that's how you get fat is absolutely able to explain that and that is the food palitability reward hypothesis by Stefan Gene and it just happens to be the truth as far as we can tell for now. I put more stock into that. All right, so how the hell knowing all of this and knowing the BS behind it is such a common myth. I have a couple of ideas. One is because people need a scapegoat that allows them away out, that allows them some convenient way to squiggle away from the imposing responsibility of actually eating well. I don't want to have to start measuring my portions. I don't want to have to start exerting self-control. I just want to have zero fucking control and eat tons of carbs, blame the carbs and then have zero control and eat tons of fats and still not was weighed and then maybe blame the fats and the reality is that people get fat on junk foods, not dextrous, power or fruits. You never look at someone who's eating brown rice and apples and think man, what an idiot. He's going to gain so much fat via the carbohydrate insulin model. That's nonsense. They see some of needing cookies and french fries and taking the fries and dipping them into cookie chunks. Woo, cookie dough, french fries do not take my idea. That's my idea. Then you probably think they might be getting fat or sooner or later. All that aside, any attempt to duck that reality to try to blame insulin and thus carbs is as the great Arnold Schwarzenegger would inevitably say bullshit. I'll see you guys next time.