There have been extrapolations from rodent studies on very deep mechanisms of how protein can potentially activate certain pathways that reduce lifespan. We've studied just godless numbers of people at this point, studied a lot about their protein and takes in their lifestyles, and are now having really really good data because some of these folks are quite old and start to grow, unfortunately, of like, well, are the people that have eaten the most protein over the lifespan dying the soonest? Hey folks, got to my cure for the RP Strength YouTube channel where you go to look at RP Strengths and YouTube, or something? Anyway, is too much protein killing you? Yes, stop eating protein now and start throwing it up if you had it just recently. No, no, no, no, no, hold on a little while. I'm reading the slides wrong. It looks like there is a contention that I thought was already dead, but it's not, and not even close. So the contention is that protein could be bad for you, and a lot of people still believe it. To put it more formally, according to some researchers, even, just lay people, over the years, protein that is high in your diet in high amounts, consistently, especially, might be destroying your kidneys, might be leaching away calcium from your bones and making your bones more brittle. It might be increasing diabetes risk, and it might be increasing all cause mortality on average, and thus reducing how long you live, which is really what killing you part means. And the thing is that we've heard this stuff for years. An article here there, a new story here there, a high school nurse's claim about you shut me into much protein. High school nurses, you guys are great, but some of you have not updated your insight on protein and creatine and few other things in a long time, but I don't mean to zoom in on on school nurses just as an interesting example. Kind of tail-estrates, kind of all around. And definitely people's parents and all that stuff, even your doctor might think these things. But as the esteemed mental hencilman's who is an amazing following Instagram and a phenomenal follow on YouTube, a highly recommend him, pointed out recently in one of his Instagram posts, a group of researchers decided to actually ask the question of, okay, look, for real, though, how true are these claims under real microscope about protein being bad for your health and of variety of ways? And these fine folks authored one, bad ass review paper, which we're going to be looking at today. Let's take a look at it and see if you should be buying life insurance soon. Ooh. So the study is called the harms of high protein intake. It's a really fancy study name. The harms of high protein intake, conjectured, postulated, claimed and presumed, but shown, maybe. And so this is by Stephen French and colleagues, phenomenal, phenomenal review. So let's start off just by talking about what the big mystery is. Like, what is the study trying to resolve? Protein has become kind of the nutritional hero of marketing departments in Jim Broulor over the past many years. And yet for more than 60 years at this point, academic papers and popular articles alike have at times and places warned that too much protein will do all kinds of really bad things to it'll record. Kidneys, it'll eat calcium for your bones, it'll shorten your life, tip you into diabetes and so on and so forth. And the authors of this study basically say that like these are conjectured harms, people think they're likely harms through reasoning. But there is a striking lack of convincing direct human data, which doesn't mean that these things are wrong. It just means we can't be so confident that they're correct. And the also what these study authors have shown before writing their review is that in some cases, the evidence for protein's harm actually leans in the other direction. So it's not only that for some things, intent bone growth, that protein doesn't really harm bone growth, it seems like, but it actually is a few studies, a pretty convincing ones show that protein might enhance bone growth. Okay, so like if we're claiming the protein's bad for your bones, but the net aggregate of literature as far as these guys can just vibe out, says that shit is for sure not true and it might be true in the opposite direction, we have a little bit of a prop. So what these guys are doing is asking you very important central question here, any of these alleged harms, any of these alleged harms actually supported by solid science, or we kind of like shadow boxing with urban legends here and it's actually nothing real here and we're just besing ourselves, which I might add, does happen all the time. It happens all the time. Do you guys remember like, Fesca, you remember 5G? It was supposed to like do bad things to you. Yeah, and it turns out like all of the evidence over the entire course of studying electromagnetic wave interactions, the human brain of those distances show that absolutely nothing happens and we're like, so why didn't we bother with the 5G at all? This is super ubiquitous. A lot of people think stuff is harmful, it's not, and a lot of people think stuff is not harmful when it totally is. Q drinking all the way up until a few years ago when people really started saying, yeah, that seems like it's pretty bad. So in other words, if you zoom out from single mechanistic studies that say, oh, this mechanism could in theory and a big actual person over the course of their life hurt them and honestly cherry picked anecdotes as well do real world data show that high protein intakes are dangerous in healthy people, in healthy people, but sometimes folks like Wally know, in kidney disease, you can't have too much protein, right? Okay? But do you told your 15 year old kid that wanted a mass gaining powder in your doctor's office last appointment that he shouldn't be having too much protein is bad for kidneys? Right? Does that kid have kidney disease? Doctors like, well, no. All right. So when we zoom out, what is the deal with protein? Let's take a look at how these folks want about studying this because boy, boy, did they get into it? They looked across more than 60 years of scientific published literature. That's a lot. That's highly unusual. And all this literature was in high protein diets in adults. Very specific. And it is what's called a narrative review so they collected a bunch of data and they did a lot of inference about it and then they kind of draw a conclusion. It's not based on quantitative analysis, which is a downside because quantitative analysis can be more rigorous. But it's also an upside because sometimes quantitative analysis can show you things in aggregate that aren't even really true individually or shouldn't be assumed from the data. But the math stops math in super well and then you end up with wacky results. So narrative review at least is a review that can do first and can really, really instruct if further quantitative reviews like metanalysis and comprehensive literature reviews can be more effectual if you even need to answer the question still because sometimes narrative reviews like you read like 18 studies and 16 of them say this thing works this way and two of them were like, we're not sure. You really have to do a comprehensive literature review to be like this thing. Probably works like this, man. It's not rocket science. If something's there more nuanced and more controversial, then you need more of a fine tooth comb. And what they did was they basically first took a look through all this research and they identified the most frequently sighted harm domains like bones and kidney disease and so on and so forth. They took all of the evidence and they raided it on its strength and consistency. Like how strong is the evidence that your kidneys get hurt by a lot of protein consumption? It is a consistently just to keep coming up or is it like, well, one study back in 92 found it. No one's been able to replicate it. Even though the 92 study was really, really strong. And then they highlighted common design flaws and there were many. Some of them include very short trials. You really can't even understand what's going on yet. The the the the experiment was way too short to conclude much. Confounding like sometimes people will say, oh, the protein causes weight gain in fat gain and you're like, well, isn't that just just people who eat more calories and they should also tend to eat more protein. And that actually is the answer. So calories can found the protein situation. There's a reverse causality where you think something is the protein is causing some kind of misleague malfunction. But it turns out that the malfunction is actually causing an aggregate series of effects that end up being like, oh, these people also because of that tend to eat more food. Like the dysregulation of appetite due to obesity causes people to eat more of everything and then the eat more protein. And so they say, uh, protein causes obesity. No, no, no, obesity causes you eat more protein. Like really, never heard that. Like, well, yeah, Scott, have you ever seen people who are obese? Be like, hey, I'm overweight and I mean, in way too many calories. But I got a cut this protein down. That's ridiculous. If anything, would eat more protein because they're like, why it's not like healthier? Like, yeah, then what you're eating, but at a hypercoloric diet, you still get super unhealthy. So the worst cause alley is something really, really have to be careful about. And kind of egregious animal to human leaps. Sometimes cell to human leaps. They'll say, okay, in this one pathway, we found that excessive amounts of protein can cause this one pathway to action away that if it happened and every cell of the human body for 70 years, it would reduce your lifespan. Like, okay, so how do you guys know that? Like, well, we study like some yeast cells. Okay. So don't eat too much protein. This is going to kill you. Like, well, hold on a second. Does that scale to humans? We looked into it. It doesn't, by the way. And sometimes they just don't put that part down. And so they're, uh, massive animal or cell, um, or like, table top science experiment leaps to, oh, in actual humans, it's cool to make leaps like that as conjecture. But sometimes when you're conjecture is tested as in this article, uh, it doesn't come up to mustard. And so the health outcomes they tend to scrutinize here were things like kidney function, bone density, osteoporosis risk, type two diabetes, metabolic markers of just metabolic health overall. And then broad longevity indicators like all causing mortality and a lifespan proxies. Like, if you have high blood pressure, you're probably not going to move as long. So they test things like that. So one and so forth. And there are, I would say four key insights that we can get from what these researchers found and they're a very big deal. Get ready. Here's the meat and potatoes folks. In kidney stuff, in healthy people, glomerular filtration rates rise transiently with more proteins. So they go up as you have more protein. You have less protein they go back down. This is a totally normal adaptive response. There's actually no way for this not to occur because if you put more amino acid, a byproduct digestion throughput through kidneys, they have to work harder. What the hell is you think that they're doing? But long term decline in renal function is not demonstrated. In any of these studies remotely convincingly, some of this research is 60 years old. If protein is hurting people's kidneys would probably know about it by now. And it looks like it just seemingly doesn't do that, which is a very, very interesting good piece of news. Next number two, bone stuff. The popular idea of that, so proteins are composed of amino acids. So they're a sometic. And they said, okay, increase in acidification. We know in some situations and contexts can lead to bone loss, which is true. But that story goes on to say, okay, some amino acids, like, hey, acid, okay, bone loss. Okay. So protein causes bone loss, which I think you might have heard before. I've certainly heard before. The first time I heard about it, Scott, I was like out of thin air. I was like, what? And then, yeah, it's not bad for your bones. And I was just like, you know, when you think you're an expert in someone gives you like an accusation or hypothesis that you didn't even plan for, you were like, that that's a thing I should be caring about. Like, it's someone's like, you're eating cherries and they're like, whoa, whoa, you're going to go blind. You're like, I am like, oh, don't you know, like, cherry, you'd make you go blind. If some chemical, you're like, you know, that that was an accusation. I guess that's a thing. And so that story ignores the fact that you're everything that you eat gets buffered by the gut. And it turns out that the amino acids are surprised and a ballic and help the osteoblasts, which are the cells that grow bone, actually do a better job and grow themselves and thus grow more bone. And long-term epidemiologic data on hundreds of thousands of people over decades and decades shows neutral or even positive associations of protein intake with bone mineral density. So that means you can forget about protein for the time being as a scientist, you have to say, maybe we'll find something different later on down the line. It's a very good chance that protein doesn't hurt your kidneys. It's a very good chance it doesn't hurt your bones with me so far. Okay. What about diabetes and metabolic risk? I have a protein was healthy. What the hell is this? Observational links between total protein and diabetes, which they are, there are absolutely links correlation. People who, on average in the United States, muster European, the most protein, not very small groups of people like fitness people, but over the whole general population, also tend to have the worst kidney and metabolic disease risk outcomes. And when you look at those links, they actually disappear or reverse when two things are controlled for one at a positive. So if you're really, really fat, then it is true that excess protein causes more dysfunction because it's just contributes to excess calories and makes you even fatter and all you already have all these bad things. And because you wait through in your pounds, you have a higher appetite, you eat more of everything, you eat more protein. So go, hey, so these guys eat more protein and they have worse kidneys. But the same exact relationship is seen with diet coke. Scott, have you ever seen that diet soda and obesity direct correlation? Of course. Yeah, like they also diet soda, the people drink diet soda or the fat. It's like, yeah, that's why they're drinking diet soda, because they're fat. They won't want to be fat anymore. It's like saying like, you know, the people that have cast under legs have the highest fraction of broken legs. It's the cast that break their legs. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, they got broken legs first. Then the cast got put on, which is why it's a really high correlation. You get fat first, your shit, not diet soda is not number one priority there. And then when you're fat, you start to get in as an offense people when you're fat or you start to get in more diet soda to try to help it. But for maybe forever, for a long time, you're still fat. So the correlation is massive. And genetically, like whatever skinny people they don't drink diet soda, sometimes they don't drink soda. And also sometimes they have like one Coca-Cola classic that's not diet per day. And it just doesn't make them fat. Is it's not enough calories? So same thing with proteins. Like when you're, you know, when you're big and and you go to, I was going to say Logan Paul's steakhouse. That wasn't it. Scott, what's one of those roadside steakhouses on the freeway? Texas roadhouse. When you go to Texas roadhouse and you're, you're a big, some bitch, you ain't going to order like one little teeny steak. You're going to have a big steak and you're going to have a lot of protein. And so people think it haunts the protein that's making you diabetic and out of shape, absolutely not true. And when calorie intake is controlled, the entire relationship goes away as expected. Right? And interestingly enough, intervention trials where they take two groups of people. And the reflat dannacle and they give one group some diet and they give another group that's a diet is essentially identical. But also just has more protein in it and less fats and carbs. More protein in a diet over months of time shows better glazing the control during weight loss. So it actually protein, especially in a weight loss context, has an anti diabetic effect. I mean, imagine a few thought protein increased your risk for diabetes and you go to the store to try to shop for your new weight loss and a diabetes reversal diet. I don't know if you're buying, I guess veggies and stuff which is really good, but like you're leaving out of thing that can help you in every major respect and does not increase diabetes or metabolic risk. Protein does not increase diabetes or metabolic risk. It arguably reduces it in context of weight loss diet. Number four, longevity. This is the big one. This is maybe why you clicked on this video. There have been extrapolations from rodent studies on very deep mechanisms of how protein can potentially activate certain pathways that reduce lifespan. Absolutely. But these haven't mapped cleanly under human cohorts. We're just not seeing the same thing with humans. And prospective studies simply fail to show shorter lifespan at the protein intake common to athletes. So we've studied just godless numbers of people at this study. A lot about their protein intake and their lifestyles and are now having really really good data because some of these folks are quite old and start in a croak, unfortunately, of like, well, are the people that have eaten the most protein over the lifespan's dying the soonest and body weight and calorie confine it? No. The answer is just no. So if you suspect that protein is somehow making real people in the real world live less long, you have a very big problem of explaining it does not seem to be the case in real people living less long in the real world. So sometimes mechanisms are awesome. Sometimes they don't peed around. This is one of those that just like just didn't make any sense. The common thread here that is that many protein is harmful narratives and the papers that push those narratives not to say that they're like willfully ignorant or stupid or something like that. These are folks just giving the best opinions. Many of these papers rely on surrogate mechanisms like M. Tour activation for longevity, which is very, very slight relation and they don't corroborate clinical endpoints. It's like, okay, did these people actually demonstrate weaker bones after 16 weeks of eating higher protein? Wow, we didn't look into that. Okay. You can't be super sure. Or are they studying them on populations that pre-existing disease? Like if you take obese, overweight or obese overweight people with metabolic dysregulation, then they're getting going to find some wacky stuff in there that just might not apply to the vast majority of people who eat protein and ask about it, which are people like me and like you and maybe you've like Scott the video guy who just are normal folks trying to get their protein going so they can do a little bit more swollen, pump a little bit more blood into those veins and have that one girl by the Squire Rack notice the senpai a little more. Did I do a good job of the do anime thing? Scott, you love anime. What do you think? I'm currently looking for a wife who. Yes, my man, excellent, excellent. Um, and so the authors actually described the evidential stack of protein harms as wanting and that's science speak for, uh, being a little curt and, uh, having a few laws at the a few people's expense. So what does this mean for me, you everyone protein loving fitness people and lifters the world over the safety envelope looks very roomy. They have tested months long studies where people ate up to two grams per pound per day and a per pound of body weight. So people will eat 200 pounds of eating like 400 grams of protein per day for months and months and months and months and they had no adverse hepatic, which is liver or a renal, which is kidney or lipid, which is blood fat and overall health changes when they were doing resistance training as adults. So the idea that like all of those proteins going to kill you it's like, well, share a shit must take over multiple months and there's no directionality to it taking months and months. Let me give you an alternate example. When you take higher doses of metabolic steroids, multiple months of you taking them here, blood work just gets worse and worse and worse until it stabilizes it really bad. And really bad blood work means you're slowly decaying under the hood, even if it stays a certain level of bad, you run that over years and years, you're going to have a bad time. And so you can say, okay, uh, because there's no kill you in a few months, but directionally they make your body so unhealthy that they're going to kill you sooner later with protein. We don't even see that directionality. So if someone's like, well, protein is going to kill you eventually and you're like, okay, so this is something that happens over like years. We simply cannot detect over months. Nobody really ever answers that question by the way. Now, there's still a performance upside and how comes upside, higher protein diets support lean mass retention during fat loss dieting, the support muscle mass gains, and they are just awesome and not unhealthy for you. So you're okay, higher protein diets are awesome, but they seemingly don't have all these downsides that people think, this is already great. Now, before I leave you guys, I have a few kind of practical guardrails here to talk about. If you already have kidney disease, you probably know that, stay close to medical follow up and all the state doesn't healthy kidneys. You have kidney diseases between you and your doctor to negotiate how much protein is a good idea for you. It's less of a negotiation or more of your doctor telling you what to do. Always, as always, keep the rest of your diet healthy. Keep them, you know, veggies and fruits high, micro nutrients really high, fiber high, stay hydrated and that way, you know, take care of your gut health, take care of your whole body. So just because you have protein in your food, doesn't mean it makes it healthy food. You can also have healthy food with protein and then you're really winning on all grounds. And of course, calorie still matter. Like if you have a crap load of protein in your diet, then plus the carbs plus the fats, if you're gaining weight and getting on healthy from that, you can't be like, well, it's just protein, you know, like, yes, but it all adds up. So other than that, the bottom line for us, Jim folks, is that barring pre-existing pathology, like you have actual kidney disease, eating anywhere in the gram per pound, plus or minus a considerable amount range is not only safe under current evidence, but actually maybe low-key beneficial in a few ways other than making you more checked. And so amazing, amazing paper by these folks, and a huge round of applause because this is a really awesome study. And if you guys want to go popmet it, it's really easy to find just to search terms earlier. And Scott, can we throw this in the description, maybe? Yes. And so the the study is something that like, you know, if you have a concerned parent in your social circle, if you have, you know, a concerned medical professionals, or even just that on to uncle at dinner that just keep talking that shit. Like, oh, that prime dean is bad for you. Just send in the popmed link and and then, you know, it's an opinion piece by me on YouTube is one thing. You can send in this video and they're like, okay, that man's head is shaped weird and I don't want to hear about his stupid bullshit anymore. But a peer-reviewed article that is kind of off on guard in the best review article in the space, oh, what's a different kind of arguments? Scott, have you ever seen anyone successfully, like a regular person successfully, argue back from a comprehensive review of the literature? No, absolutely not. They just kind of shut up and don't say anything for a while and pretend they never had that opinion. So send this article out. These guys need massive recognition that do an amazing work. As always, huge thanks to OpenAI for their suite of AI products, which helps me make these lectures and record time and helps me with research. Massive shout out to the RP Diet Coach app and the RPI Portrophy apps. Then, saying put that protein to good use and get Jack. Check those out, link in the description. And we'll see you guys next time. Oh, wow, I'm going to some protein, celebrate.