Science is nuanced, but sometimes science isn't new on. Su-cross versus high-furtous corn syrup is statistically indistinguishable. You wouldn't know based on looking at bodies which one someone has. So why does high-furtous corn syrup get a lot of crap? Isn't it correlated with a lot of health outcomes that are bad? It absolutely isn't here as wide. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. I have a question for you if we replaced all of the high-furtous corn syrup with that evil stuff. With King Sugarbrown and beautiful fields in Jamaica? That's a nice place. Then wouldn't we become healthier and leaner? Maybe. Let's find out. No doubt you've seen or maybe heaven's an eye, you will know that soda can be sweetened with King Sugar or with high-furtous corn syrup. Some folks say that King Sugar is way healthier. And we need to replace industrial uses of high-furtous corn syrup with King Sugar. Even our make America healthy again, King. Mr. RFK, a Plaude's companies that have made the switch assuring our safety. Now I don't know much about King Sugar. My expertise in farming is mostly limited to nose sugar, aka cocaine. Scott and I were headed to career in a different life. Well, how do you know Scott the video guy like? When a high-level dealer has enemies, someone's got to fare it them out. Scott, remember those days, man? Sure, dude. Still have nightmares? No. I'm convinced. But I'm very pro-America. And I tell you what, brother? No South American, came farmer. Gonna put us honest to God, God bearing. God blessed US, say, corn farmers out to pasture. Are you think we go let some sultry, Havana, hips, sway, sure cane, steal the superlose from baby Eagles, beak? Not on my watch, her motto. Now, all baked in ethno centers on the side, let's look at the science and see how it stacks up. There's some surprising stuff in here. Number one, let's talk about high fructose corn syrup actually is. We take corn starch, which comes from corn, which comes from America, which comes from God. Yep. And we break that down into glucose. And then we insert an enzyme called glucose isomerase. And it flips some of those glucosees into fructoses. And the result is two different kinds of chemicals. One is high fructose corn syrup 42, which has 42% of fructose and the rest in glucose. And then there's high fructose corn syrup 55, which is 55% of fructose from that process and the rest is glucose. Now, high fructose corn syrup 42 is typically used in baked goods. And then high fructose corn syrup 55 is typically used in soft drinks. Now, high fructose corn syrup, a HFCS 55 is 55% fructose 45% glucose in free form. Suque-rose normal sugar from canes or beets, which is what's put into a soda that the sugar cane soda, is 50% fructose 50% glucose, but they're bonded together not split apart. However, your intestinal sucrease enzymes that everybody has cleaves that bond in seconds. So by the time either high fructose corn syrup or natural natural sucrose is hitting the bloodstream both deliver almost the identical, almost the identical fructose to glucose ratio. So as far as your bloodstream and all the health effects that has is concerned, it's almost the same thing. Now, the thing is why do they use high fructose corn syrup for a few reasons? One of them is that high fructose corn syrup 55 stays liquid in room temperature dissolved in fluids, which is really handy for soda fountains and chewy snacks. Because regular sucrose can sometimes bunch up and then you get that sugar coating. It's got you ever have like open up some kind of drink and it's got like little sugar crispy on it and you're like, this, it just doesn't do that. So it's better, it makes more money, people like it better, etc. Now the metabolic bottom line here, differences between these two substances of regular sucrose and high fructose corn syrup, is that once they are absorbed the liver and the rest of your body, sees practically identical substrates and that 5% difference in extra fructose is basically biochemical trivia. It just doesn't seem to make a big difference in any measurable way, but do not take my word for it because there's a load of actual data. So let's get into that. This data set Scott you will like because it's not a hint. This is the, the sledgehammer of data. Check this out. The first thing I'm going to summarize is not the only thing. Is a meta analysis of the best kinds of studies randomized control trials. That's when they take groups of people, no one knows shit about what's going on. And one group has the same diet and has high fructose corn syrup in it and the other has the identical diet and has sucrose in it. Sometimes they switch groups halfway through the study and then switch back again. So this is the gold standard to actually assess cause and effect, not just correlation, this is causation. That's what a randomized control trial is. And since they just didn't want to do one, they did a meta analysis of 20 total randomized control trials. But these were short trials, right? Nope. The average length of each trial was 21 weeks. You would think they'd pick up something. Check this out. Between high fructose corn syrup and regular cane sugar, there was no difference measures statistically in body weight of the individuals. 21 weeks. Yeah, I guess something's got to happen. Libid profile. Glucose, insulin and damn near everything else. Now, there was a tiny updick inflammation marker called C-reactive protein. But when they tried to figure out if the statistics really picked it up or if it was kind of a ghost, which calls it is called correction for multiple comparisons, even the C-reactive protein didn't make that cut. So based on a meta analysis of 20 amazingly done studies, each of them on average, 21 weeks long and duration, we found precisely deadly dick difference in your actual metabolism from high fructose corn syrup and sucrose. Straight up. But that's not enough studies. A specific dose response randomized control trial did something really interesting. It had low, medium and very high intakes. Anywhere between eight all the way up to 25% of daily calories, either sucrose or high fructose corn syrup. Those two three different amounts of hyphroctose corn syrup in a diet produced indistinguishable changes in body fat, triglycerides, which are a huge measure of long-term health, euric acid and insulin sensitivity. So we're talking about a large part of your diet is replaced with hyphroctose corn syrup seemingly nothing metabolic happens of interest. Nothing about health, nothing about fat loss, nothing about nothing. And then later on, there was a narrative review which is a little bit less formal but very detailed, review of all control trials, randomized and non-randomized in the general nutrition reviews. And this was published in 2022 and that conclusion was no meta-bolic or endocrine response difference between hyphroctose corn syrup and sucrose. Scott, how's that thought about evidence so far? Ready to come tell. The take home here is this when the energy intake is matched when it's not extra hyphroctose corn syrup. Sukrose versus hyphroctose corn syrup is statistically indistinguishable. You wouldn't know based on looking at bodies which one someone was having. So why does hyphroctose corn syrup get a lot of crap? Isn't it correlated with a lot of health outcomes that are bad? It absolutely isn't here as why. The real problem isn't detailed chemistry of the compound. It's just the calories for a few reasons. First, our palitability and price. High-fructose corn syrup keeps soft drinks shelf stable, people like soft drinks and sheep, which allows companies to make bigger portion sizes which people also want and then it gives you a lot of mindless sipping. Scott, have you ever been around someone who drinks regular soda, like other people drink water? Oh my god, yes. You was a pain and contractor. So I like two, two liters a day. I saw a guy's drink. Oh yeah. Healthy guys. And like the hot summer. Unreal. I think outside. Unreal. Amazing. Some of them are no longer with us. Oh my god. Bad idea. Bad idea because the excess calories you're pushing in are crazy. And here's the thing about the excess calories. Liquid sugar reduces your hunger. We less than the calories of calories. If I gave you 500 calories. Okay, let's say it's only a reason of 150 calories. In veggies and lean protein, you would eat it and be like, man, I don't need to eat for hours. I'm good. At least a few. If I gave you 150 calories and I've worked as corn syrup, that's literally just a can of soda. You can drink that shit with that meal and get functionally almost no appetite reduction. Any more than you would just having that healthy meal. And if it's just by itself, it basically you like, Scott, can you imagine someone's like, I'm hungry and you're like, here's a bottle of coke. They're like, what? He said it was hungry. Like, well, yeah, it's got 300 calories. Like, but if that could have made my hunger go away. So because of the fact that high-furtress corn syrup is super cheap and tasty and isn't kind of a lot of stuff and because of the fact that it doesn't reduce hunger much, a lot of people consume a ton of it and their calories and upgoing way above maintenance, which causes them to gain body fat. And that's where all the health bad things come from every single one of them as far as we've studied so far. We know this not just from pure lake. Oh, that's probably how it works. Direct randomized control trials, usually in animals and sometimes in people if you can get away with it. Overfeed either high-furtress corn syrup, so people get way more animals get way more of it than you need or they overfeed sucrose. This causes in both high-furtress corn syrup and sucrose overfeeding roughly the same all statistically indistinguishably the same elevations in triglycerides, which is bad, liver fat, which is really bad, liver atoposity, which is even worse and all of that stuff. And as soon as you compare the doses in their isocoloric or the calories come down, all the maladies, all of a sudden disappear. That's a big deal, you guys. So it turns out high-furtress corn syrup isn't the enemy, the consumption of excess delicious sugars and foods is the enemy when your calories climb and your body fat skyrocket. Now a lot of people will say, okay, fine. But it's high-furtress corn syrup and we know that fructose is bad for you. But do we hear some interesting facts? Fructose has a very low glycemic index. Look closely as I've seen the index of about a hundred, it's as high as it goes. Fructose on average has one of its about 20. That means pure fructose affects less of your postmeal sugar in your blood. It raises it less than almost every single health food you know. Scott, name a healthy carb. Did you say crispy cream? Yes. There's not even a carb that might even the whole doughnut. Fat. Oh, that's just what I tell myself. You're like, oh, sorry, sorry. Duncan, Duncan donuts. Is that better? I wouldn't want the hippie seat like Keenwall. Keenwall, oatmeal, brown rice, sweet potato, every single one of those I just named is usually around the 40 to 60 mark on glycemic index, which is supposed to be real bad. Fructose is at 20. Fructose is low glycemic. So all of a sudden, that's like, okay, okay, interesting. There is a weird wacky chemical thing that happens in your liver in which a little bit of glucose, in addition to fructose, can accelerate the formation of glycogen and liver and thus actually lead to lower after the meal glucose spike in your blood than otherwise. If it's less than about 10 grams of fructose, plus glucose, normal starch, then you can get even better glycemic control. Which is confusing. And one of the reasons why many times we eat like an apple, your blood sugar sales, super, super low because it's some glucose, some fructose, enough fructose to do that, and fructose by itself is low glycemic. The fiber also helps, et cetera, et cetera. In, this is gets wacky. In direct trials. This is a meta-analysis summary. One team randomized control trials on diabetics, replacing starch with an equal number of calories of fructose, improved HBA1C, which is a good measure of how diabetic people are, and improved fasting glucose without harming lipids. So it looks like fructose in at least some conditions is even better for you or less bad for you than glucose itself, which all starch trends into glucose in your bloodstream. And it looks like study after study shows the same thing that metabolic harms emerge only when fructose is added in excess energy amounts rather than exchanged for other nutrients. And so the practical punchline here is that fructose isn't metabolic, nitric glycerin, going to blow you into the moon, and you're going to be super fat and unhealthy forever. It's just easy to over consume when it's in high-fructose corn syrup, which happens to be liquid at room temperature and all of a sudden all your coke products have that stuff in there. You say, okay, okay, fine, high-fructose corn syrup isn't bad for you, but like the what's the harm of replacing high-fructose corn syrup with cane sugar if it's all the same? Here's the thing. It's the same calories and roughly the same fructose load. Because sucrose versus high-fructose corn syrup after the breakdown happens in your GI tract, it's really plus or minus an amount of fructose that is essentially negligible and as we learn just now, could even be a little better for you because there's more fructose. It probably isn't in all the studies that are just no difference, but if you had to have a hypothesis, looking at all of fructose data, looking at all the direct high-fructose corn syrup comparisons, and it was like, okay, which one is probably better? Hypothetically, high-fructose corn syrup would be a little teeny bit better, but it turns out in the reality it's basically the same. And so the reason that the cane sugar swap is a big deal is that it's basically the marketing halo effect, you're paying extra for like Mexican coke with cane sugar, and that's like buying organic cigarettes. Like yeah, they're organic. It's the same tar and poisons and toxins. I'm going to kill your ass the same anyway. It's just totally beside the point. The consensus from randomized control trials is that there's no measurable advantage in weight, insulin triglycerides or youric acid, and anything else they've found, of beverages sweetened with cane sugar versus high-fructose corn syrup, direct beverage trials for that. So, if you think swapping high-fructose corn syrup for cane sugar is going to make you healthier anyone else healthier that's just plain wrong. Science is nuanced, but sometimes science isn't nuanced. And all that a second, we're not quite done yet, we're almost there. There is one mega-big-trick one big advantage you can do. Sucrolose is an artificial non-nutritive sweetener. It tastes amazing, tastes just a sweet, but it has almost zero calories, functionally close to zero. If you replace 250 kcal, high-fructose corn syrup containing or or sucrose containing sodas, the real natural ones per day with coke zero or diacoke sucrolose containing products, that chops roughly a thousand calories per week off of your intake. And it doesn't touch your willpower at all because it's shit the same. And if you think the soda tastes different when it's not diet, no big deal. Just drink it for a few more days, in a little taste, just find in Dandy. It's a really easy hump to get over. And that means changing nothing at all, except for instead of going on a storing buying regular, we're going to store and buying the cane sugar one with a little green leaf on it, you just buy coke zero or diacoke or just diet soda in general. And then every roughly three, three and a half weeks, you're going to lose about a pound of fat, having made only that change. Scott, for people that drink soda for real, the real one, how many people do you know that only drink two cans a day? I mean, somebody who drinks two at a time, you know, they're double two, teaming two right now. Like no, two today, really. Today, today's got hours left. Are you kidding me? Most people drink way more soda than that. And then if most people just replaced all of their current soda with diet soda, it would make them inordinately healthier. It's a big deal, not speculation. Multiple meta analyses. Some of these meta analyses have only randomized controlled trials have concluded that switching from sugar sweetened to low or no calorie beverages led to significant meaningful reductions in body weight, body mass index and liver fat, liver fat, by the way, a huge marker for metabolic health. No adverse effects on fasting glucose, no adverse effects in insulin, no adverse effects on blood pressure. It's just the unlock. It's the key. Now, some people say to hold what about gut microbiomes. And that's a very valid concern. But human randomized controlled trials, time and again, realistic intakes high, but something a human would consume, show no clinically relevant shifts in your microbiome or insulin sensitivity. Almost all of the real red flag data that's a holy shit, what about the gut microbiome comes from rodent megalosis? Well, they came out with a DSC this container of sucralose that's the size of your body. You got to eat that shit once a day. I'm exaggerating, but not by a ton. Here's the thing. Four folks that shifted from using regular sugar coke, even a sucrose coke all the way to diet coke and other beverages like that that don't have sugar in them are officially sweetened beverages. They had improvements in dental outcomes in yurek acid and improvements and indicators of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, which is like a huge killer and really bad. All of these things improved. And like, man, if you think about running the numbers, on how many pounds of physical white substance sugar, high soda drinkers taken, you guys, it's like 50 pounds of sugar a year. You take that shit off the table, and all of a sudden, you could have lose a lot of that. You're going to feel way better. You're going to look better. You're going to be metabolically way way way healthier. And that is possible, beginning up nothing as far as taste and quality and texture because you're still get to have your cake and eat it to. And if you say nothing's free, no shit. Somebody had to do generations of mathematics and basic science and chemistry development so that someone had to work for decades in order to develop. It doesn't come out of the ground, the compound of sucralose. We didn't get to it randomly. Scott, that really pisses me off into people will say, well, these new drugs or there's no free lunch, no shit, health, no vornortx, this meant to billion dollars developing those epic. That was a free lunch. You'll get choked to death at the HQ. Free lunch, you son of bitch. I missed my daughter's graduation. I was working on a dumbass molecule, no free lunch for sure, but the benefits of biotech and the benefits of modern agribusiness are that they can give you really, really cool shit. And so the bottom line here is this. If your goal is leanness, if your goal is metabolic health, the real enemy is an overconsumption mindlessly in most cases of liquid sugar. And it doesn't matter if it grew in a field or came from a vet. And as a matter of fact, even that stuff grew in a field because it was corn before that. Sucralose takes the enemy off the battlefield entirely, and as probably one of the most modern, healthiest, artificial, non-nutrivial sweeteners, I highly recommend giving it a thought. Take all your soda, poured in the ground for the homies, buy some Diet Coke, buy some Coke Zero, which is the greatest beverage mankind has ever made. And that's that. So RFK with all due respect. I don't know why I'm not fighting lying to say, but GARFK is a lot of power. Mr. RFK huge fan don't kill me with the intelligence agencies or something, but oh, you guys are great. This has been great. America wins. Everything's awesome. Take your regular soda, get rid of it. Drink Diet soda instead. And if you have questions, we do have a comment section, and I'll see you guys next time.