The idea that all of the muscles in your body can grow best on just a few sets a week is on principle wrong. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSW. How does high intensity training, AK, hit, measure up to modern sport science? Is it a good idea? Is it a bad idea? Or is it the worst idea ever? Curious. So real quick, what the hell is hit training? It stands for high intensity training. And I think it was invented in the summer, in the 70s by a gentleman named Arthur Jones, who you could say sarcastically invented it to sell exercise machines, and which he did. He made great, he was the guy who fronted the nodalous line, which was some of the best machines in history, so Kudos to him. And it was popularized in the 1980s and beyond by gentleman named Mike Menser, who was quite good bodybuilder or not the best, never on the Olympia, but was excellent. And he really, really bought into the hit philosophy. What is hit though? What is its ethos? It's difficult to debate hit with true adherence of hit because they move goal posts a lot, which a lot of us do in debate, so I don't blame them specifically for it. Because if you say this is hit training, they'll say, well, this really isn't hit training. This other thing is hit training. And the other thing is hit training and other hit proponents would be like, man, I don't know, the other third thing is hit training. So we could just do broad strokes, which almost no one will agree with, compared to conventional training, hit prescribes at least three differences. One way higher relative effort, taking sets too failure usually or beyond, whereas regular training may say, oh, three reps shy, two reps shy, one reps shy, zero reps shy failure or beyond is all good stuff in context, hit says no, no, no, no failure and or beyond forced reps dropsets stuff like that. Secondly, hit training tries to minimize the volume of training. They'll do only a few sets per session, not ten sets or something. The third lead compared to conventional training, hit training usually reduces frequency often opting for training a muscle only one time a week as opposed to multiple times a week. So as an example, normal quad training might be like, you know, you do six sets of quads, twice a week, that's 12 sets total and you know, our on average two reps and reserve for the whole mesocycle, that seems like great training to me, whereas hit training might be more like you do three sets of quads one time per week, but all three sets are taken to negative five RIR, which means after you went to failure, your buddy stripped some plates off and you did another five reps like the on failure, like an instant drops at or you did, you know, whatever number of reps to failure and let's say it's with some kind of cable sort of pressing machine, your buddy helped you on the concentric and then let go on the eccentric and you wrote it down five reps beyond failure, something like that or at the bottom you did some bottom stretch partials where you can't lock it out anymore, but you did down here just just moving as much as you can stretching as much as you can until you just can't move at all total system failure with good technique, that's something that hit training would look much more like versus conventional training. As always, there are upsides and downsides to every system in every method. So click beta side, thank you Scott the video guy and team, there will not be a part of this where I'm like it, training stupid, and I have feelings about it. No, no, no, no. Hit training is valuable because it has some things going forward and is less valuable because it has others. So let's parse them. Hit training has some very serious upsides. First, you don't have a lot of sets to do. Your opportunity for growth is limited to just a few sets per muscle group per week or whatever interpretation of hit you're using like the one during the HUs T did like 14 sets on average per muscle group per week, which is quite a few, but it's fewer than you would have done and it's fewer than you would have done if you had done a different program, instead of hit. And the constraint to the smaller number of sets vastly incentivizes you to have the highest set quality possible. Like you got three sets of leg press to make shit happen. Each of those three sets, there's no mail-in, nothing. It better be great technique and super high relative effort so the sets are ultra high quality because you don't got that many sets. You can't just do else at a time that felt okay. Oh, they don't at a time that felt better. I didn't know I said a tad I wasn't really paying attention. Find one last set of 10 and then this time I'll work on it. Hit makes you bring it, which is an awesome practice everyone should be doing anyway. Hit also takes a recovery really seriously. There is no shortage of people that just think adding more stuff to the program works great. How many guys you know in high school bench every fucking day? A lot. That's what I did in high school. And hit and Arthur Jones and Mike Menser accurately recognized that recovery is of a fucking big deal. And if you're not recovered yet, hello you in the gym. Because hit focuses on recovery, there are folks who chronically under recover that when they try hit, they're going to blow up with size and good because they've been doing too much. High intensity training is also in many cases. For example, in Dante Trudelle's version, dog crap training, just a funny way to. Someone once asked me when I already knew about dog crap, I didn't know much about it. Someone was like, you ever do dog crap training? My answer was I generally don't do training that's like self-effacing. Like you ever do idiot training? Like no, like you should try it. It's fucking awesome. This guy's name's the idiot. He's on YouTube. Goes by Dr. Mike. He's got idiot program. I love it. Dog crap. What a fucking weird name. Nonetheless, a very good training system. And one of its tenants is that you go to failure every time you train without a ton of volume, but you're right, you're reps and you're weight now. Something the RPI, I per trippy, I can do for you. By the way, and then next week you try to hit a PR from the start. High intensity training by almost all of its adherence is a log book training. Dorian did it. Mike Mansor did it. Dante did it. JP. Uh, what's his name? Jordan Peters. Or any fact in Jordan, Pete, as of what fucking fucking muscle? No, no, that's how I think he talks. Not really sure how he actually talks. He's a big proponent of seemingly very high relative effort. He goes everything to failure. So he's a hit guy for sure. He's always on that log book, which is fucking dope. Because a lot of guys train at random. Like, yeah, man, I hit a PR. Next week you're like, how is your training? Like, look, good man. I'm a chess to swole up there. Like, I got you to hit a PR. Look, but I know my man, why would it matter if you're getting stronger over time? Oh, wait, that's really critical to evaluating if you're putting on muscle and not. Because you hit guys usually chase the log book. Progression is the cornerstone of philosophy, which is fucking awesome. Every single training method should have progression is the cornerstone, by the way. Another benefit to hit training. It's so fun. Oh my god, by the way, you guys might not know this. For eight years of my life in college and grad school, I only trained hit. Every set was too failure. Every single one, including on squats, by the way. And Nick Shawna, who just got his pro-card, by the way, though is that's how we trained. One of the reasons we continued to train with that despite our best intuitions about how well it was working, was so fun, man. Every set is a religious experience. I least love plugging into a fucking dumbbell press and being like, here we go. People that made fun of me when I was 10. You know, like, amazing, amazing feeling. There's something about sets of 10 to 12 to R.R. The thing you do at a field's go, you rack the weight. Someone's a good set brother and you're like, what's it? I don't know. I did the work. I think going all out failure, man, is fucking awesome. And it's the these knees. Why most people do it because it's fun and look training should be fun. So huge win there. And individuals or muscle groups, on individuals, which are very large, very strong, very fast, which fiber oriented or proportion. Those folks and the muscles for which they're training, who have traditionally overdone the volume and underrecovered when they try hit. Because those muscles respond so well to going close to failure and beyond. Because those muscles take such a huge amount of time to recover. And because those muscles can't tolerate a high volume of work through the week, switching to a more hit like style for those muscles can work wonders. So for specific kinds of muscles, especially muscles like I would say, the hamstrings respond really well to hit training in most people, hit training is like, awesome. And it just work. It just works better. Those are upsides. Those are big upsides. Let's talk about downsides. First, while Mike Menser and Jordan Peters and Doring Yates in enormous people, two thirds of whom are from England, they can get a robust stimulus doing five or six sets of back or chest or legs a week, whatever they're doing. You kind of viewer may not be able to do that. You're not as fast as you are not a strong, you recover way faster and you're capable of doing more. And so if you try doing four sets of chest a week, hit all out failure, dope. You'll get good results. And one of your buddies would be like, do try my program with me. It's more like a bodybuilding kind of like pump volume program and you start doing eight twelve, sixteen sets of chest per week and your chest just fucking blows up. What are you supposed to think about that? Well, clearly, you were way underdoing the volume you could have and now you're appropriately training closer to your maximum recovery volume. The idea that all of the muscles in your body can grow best on just a few sets of a week is on principle wrong because all of your muscles in the body have different maximum recovery volumes. How many sets of wrist curls to failure do you think you can do before your forearms fatigue so much you can't train them for the rest of the week? What a crazy, sure shit not going to be four sets bro, not per week. Your glutes, your quads, your chest, maybe they're so big and strong the low volume is plenty. But for other muscles, I mean, like think about back, lats, spinal directors, do a lot of rows and pull ups man and like, still, you could still do more and in the more you do the more you grow up till a really high point. Next, it's also potentially very tough to get maximum growth from just training the muscle once a week. I mean, this is at hit core at here in philosophy is if you're training the muscle twice a week, most hit people will be like, that ain't it. You're like, but I'm doing all the other stuff. I'm going close to failing. It's just two sets like, not, not, not, not, not recovery is important. You need to hold week. Some of the guys at the end of the real hit air in the 80s were saying that you got a train of muscle over two weeks if you really wanted to grow. Okay. The research in this is crystal clear, higher frequencies in the short-term at least, result in better outcomes. And more specifically, an individual who has trained the muscle very hard, but has healed halfway through the week, like it's not so anymore. If you did some curls, you'd perform at the highest level ever. That person would be much, we're growing much more if they just trained when they were ready and didn't just arbitrarily wait the rest of the week. So it's hard to get maximum growth for everyone from just training a muscle once a week. Most people will get better results flat out, training pretty much every muscle twice a week. Some people better three times a week for some muscles, some people four times a week for some muscles, and some folks can train a muscle every day and get their best results. It's happened before. I mean, there's that whole squad every day phenomenon that happened about 10 years ago that everyone was really pumped about. And a lot of people got the best results they've ever gotten for their legsized squatting every day. And you also have the hit people that say, you got to go once a week. I mean, where's the daylight between those two? Clearly, it's some people just have higher maximum recovery volumes and respond to more frequency than others. And if you're one of those people hits just not going to work that well for you. Lastly, if you go to failure versus not, you get better growth in that session than not. If you're well within your maximum recover volume and you have no recovery problems, going to failure will result in better growth than not. But if you're really pushing the pace, you're really pushing your limits. The training as much as you can with ultra high quality sets of two and one reps and reserve probably have a slightly better stimulus to fatigue ratio because of one quintessential fact, training two failure or beyond for real for real is such an emotional experience. It requires you to recruit so much of your latent ability that the fatigue result is fucking massive. It is exponentially higher than the linear increase in stimulus. As you get closer to failure from five reps to zero, your stimulus goes up like this. Your fatigue goes up like that. So at the end of the day, going to failure or far beyond failure consistently with the program that is of the appropriate volume that maximizes your growth may be unsustainable or rather less sustainable than if you trained a little easier. Three, two, one, zero reps and reserve as the progression occurs to a cycle. You might actually be able to just straight up grow more because you never accumulate that fatigue that stops you dead in your tracks and goes as time to deal with, you're not making any more PRs. Those are three big downsides. Let me tell you guys about the RP high-perrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app, you can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they were written by eight personal. This app programs everything for you. The exercises weights sets, reps, frequency, the whole thing. After every single workout and every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now, you're pretty interested in the app, download the RP high-perrophy app today. Best Practices. How do we take all this and go forward? Let's say you want to try hit. Where you know hit had some really good ideas, let's see you want to integrate them then. Or let's see you're doing hit and you looked at the downsides and you're like that thought that's pretty compelling. Still kind of want to do hit. How do I do it in a way that's better? I have some tips. First, always, everywhere, focus on amazing technique through every rep in a shitload of high relative effort. Whether you stop at three reps and reserve or zero, every single rep is meaningful and with good technique. You're not there to mail anything in. Fact. Next, only do as many sets as you can recover from, no junk volume. And the number of sets you can recover from may surprise you if you hit point number one there. If you hit amazing technique in a high relative effort in the sets, you may not have to do a lot of sets for muscles. Folks using the RPi-perrophy app would just release at the recording this video just a few months ago. A lot of people are starting to use it. It's kind of cool. I've paid a lot of money here for my brothers. I have no idea how many labels to buy. Tough problem. So a lot of people have been saying, like, hey, I've been using the pump and soreness ratings, which automatically adjusts your volume by the way in the app. And they're like, I don't, I'm doing like four sets of hamstrings a week. And I'm like, okay, how are your results? Like, they're the biggest and strongest that I've ever been. Like, okay. So, and they're like, it just seems off. And I'm like, well, hit guys did once that hamstrings a week and they grew really well. And I'm like, okay, okay, I just am used to doing more. Well, you can be used to doing more if you're not training as hard and you're not training with a high degree of focus. And you just did more reps just cause or did more sets just cause. That's junk volume. Get your hamstrings pumped. Get them tired. Get them sore for a few days. Come back and do it again. If that takes two sets or three sets or one set of really good stuff like it. Elisa Good Morning's Per session, that's what it takes. A lot of it's so funny because I for a long time have had a lot of negative things to say about hit, which I stand by all of them. And none of them I said here. And I got, you know, I was exploring in earlier in my career maximum recover volume. So, you know, advocating that, hey, like, sometimes 25 sets a week is what brought us muscle of the best is by the way, very true for many people in many cases. I got sort of this labeled as a high volume guy, which was always wrong. Anyways, there's nobody who labeled me that head and new ones are actually read anything I wrote. And then people now see my training that I post all of my training on the RP at Perch Fiat on my Instagram, including the screens of what I actually did. And they're like, did you really just do two sets of hamstrings for that workout? And I'm like, yep, sure did. And they're like, uh, is that enough for you? Really? And I'm like, yes. And look, I love training hamstrings. I'm on a new five sets of hamstrings. But I can't. Because after one straight set, two reps away from failure. And am I a match set, which reaches close to failure three times in the second set, my hamstrings are done. They're fully pumped and they get sore for three days, which is when my legs next leg workout is. So yeah, you would be surprised at how little volume you need in many cases. And it looks like including me, you're training like your hit guy all the sudden for some of your muscles. For others, you're training like, you know, the 90s volume bros that did 25 sets per muscle group all the time. Next. Yes, starting your mesocycles from roughly three reps and reserve is generally a good idea for most people. For some muscles or for some individuals, you can try starting a two or even one rep and reserve. Just leave one rep in the taken week one, especially advanced lifters that have gotten all of their major gains out of training just normal hard, might for some troubling muscles for them. Need to push the pace a little bit more. Need to go beyond failure, or need to start closer to failure and go beyond failure soon. You may not benefit from this. You might just burn you out, burn me out most of the time. So this is not the right answer, but it's something to try to see if that hit philosophy really does a work for you on the margins. And included in this approach of starting at two or one RIR is implied that if you do this for three or four weeks before a deal load, you may get into situation where your second to last week was everything to failure. Your last week, the week after that, you will be on to failure. So every set ends with bottom and stretch partials or your body helps you on the concentric and you do the eccentric. Or you do a drop set or you do some four straps. Every set that you do or almost every set or the last set of the exercise in that last week is beyond failure. Oh shit, if that doesn't grow you don't worry, you're not growing muscle anymore, just pick up tennis or create it or some shit like that because you're done getting jacked and kidding, sort of. That is what it could take to get you your next level of games. And if that doesn't work very well, it's not for you or not for that muscle you tried it on, which is totally possibility, but if you want to try it, this is kind of how to try it. Lastly, and very, very importantly, you want to auto regulate your weekly volume. How many sets should I do for hamstrings? Four, two sets, four sets or six sets? Will it depends if it's a new exercise and a new rep range for you starting with two sets seems wise? But after a few weeks you notice that two sets barely gets you sore at all and you're so ready to go by your next hamstring session that you should be doing three or four sets. And before you de-load your work capacity so high or so used to the exercise, you need five or six sets in order to drive all the adaptations and actually get you so tired and sore and beat up that it takes you half a week to heal for the next hamstring. So, you're going to work on. Through your mesocycle on average from your first week to say your fifth week before you de-load, on average your volume abilities will go up. The doesn't mean you prospectively add sets. You're not like okay, did five this time. I'm going to do six next time. It's all based on feedback. If you're healing way ahead of time, you're barely getting fucked up and you can tell yourself like literally days before I do this muscle again, I can do it already. Add more sets next time. Add a set or two to that earlier in the week muscle group. So that it gets more beat up so that you're healing just on time for an exercise. If you're healing just on time for an exercise session, do not add any sets. If you do legs Monday Thursday and your last leg workout, you healed Wednesday night, Thursday you woke up and for the first time you weren't so tired and you're ready to go. If it was six sets of of quads you did that Monday, next Monday, it's six sets again. You know six sets is the answer. Of course, if it's six sets is not enough and next time you heal by Tuesday, then it's seven or eight sets the next week. That's how that works. And if it's too much volume, subtract. Again, the hamstring thing. People will do four sets of hamstring curls with my reps and it'll do four sets of stiff leg and deadlifts later that week. And they'll say, dude, I'm like overlapping sore all the time. There's not a time when I'm not sore. I train store. I don't even start being sore. I started being sore in week one, week three. I'm still sore from the first buck in session as far as I can tell. That continual overlapping damage and damage and damage is not making a lot of room for growth. It's a bad idea and it's probably increasing your injury risk. So if you are hitting your muscle so hard that they're not recovered by the next session, take their volumes and reduce them. And even if you think this is so little compared to the usual, it's all about the stimulus in the recovery. People say, listen, I used to do eight sets for back. Now I'm doing four. Am I going to lose muscle? There's a thing called maintenance volume, which is generally a third or less of normal volume. So if you're normal volume to grow as eight sets, two or three sets per week can make sure your back never gets smaller. So four sets sure is shit not making your back smaller. That's crazy. It could make your back bigger but slower than eight sets did. But how do you know if that's the case? Look if eight sets was too much and you were still sore and beat up for your next workout, you go down to four and four is just right. You just barely recover on time that has to be the correct answer because how could it not? If you do less, you could have done more in benefit it. If you do more, are you training while you're tired and sore and fatigued, which is stupid and backwards and wrong? So if it really is four sets of back is better for you than eight sets, don't worry. If you're getting a great stimulus to fatigue ratio, if you're healing exactly on time or close and if you're progressing well. So some guys would be like, dude, I lowered my back, worked down to four sets. I don't know about this man. I'm used to eight. A couple weeks later, I do how's it going? They're like, fuck, getting strong bro. Just fucking healing every time, getting just on that my best ever. What do you really have to ask if four is enough? Of course it's enough. Of course it's better than eight because you just got fatigued and then you're like, I can't hit anymore PR. I'm tired. Making sure you dose your training appropriately to the recovery window is a huge critical factor of training. If that's a little training, looks more like hit to me. If it's a lot of training, looks like it's not the answer. If you want to train closer to failure, your training is going to have to condense maybe in frequency, but definitely in volume. And then it looks more like hit. If you want to train further away from failure, you're going to get pretty close to the same results, except you'll have to do more volume, but the sets won't be as close to failure. As you make the adjustment side to side, make sure to make all of the compensatory adjustments so that you get the only thing that really matters. Ultra high quality training, the beats you have, just enough to get you ready to go barely for next time. You do that. You combine it with your nutrition. You have a fucking enormous. Get into the link in the description. Download your copy of the RPI Perchary Fee app. Use it. It'll hook you up. And it's really open to all of those kind of training. So do whatever you like. Folks thanks for tuning in. See you next time.