Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization, and today's BS topic is the claim, the idea, the notion even that Red Meat is bad for your health. Terrible, in fact. Do you guys remember that one time that the dentists in a peaceful city were just living their lives? And then one of the kids looked up and he goes, gee whiz whiz whiz that dad! And dad looks over and it's giant piece of red meat. Boom, hits the central bank skyscraper building and it falls crushing puppies and children. One of the children's heads rolls right under the kids. The he looks down and the kids got one eye missing and the jaws all bucked up and he's like, ah, ah, ah. That's basically what Red Meat does, but tear body. So claim some folks. Here's the thing. As a scientific community, we did suspect that Red Meat was bad for health back in the 80s and 90s. And less and less scientific community and more and more like the popular health community. Like people that write major media magazines, like it's a real great piece for time magazine, like, is your dinner table a murder scene like I, I, I'm not as of yesterday, but how, how could this be? Read this magazine here. 1888. Red Meat is killing your children. Oh, that's terrible. And they're made of red meat, the irony. However, the way we got to know that was from huge data sets on tons and tons of people that listed a ton of their different habits and lifestyles and also listed their red meat consumption. And at first, on average, the people that consumed more red meat seem to have higher rates of strokes and diabetes and obesity and heart disease and she was, you know, all kinds of bad stuff. And some people thought, many people thought, holy crap, like red meats, bad. But remember, this is only correlation. And this was not adjusted for what we're called confounders. Lurking variables that could actually be causing the difference, but making it seem that the difference is caused by whatever you focused on like red meat because it turns out, some of these other things may be contributing to the health realities that red meat eaters actually experienced because it turns out that people who eat more red meat on average also tend to exhibit some other sorts of behaviors. For example, red meat eaters also seem to smoke more often and bigger cigarettes, too. I'm kidding, I think cigarettes are all the same size ever smoked a cigarette. But didn't have weed in it, you feel me family? Uh-huh, you boys on it, not right now, not at work. But probably in about 45 minutes, in any case, people who eat a lot red meat seem to smoke more, at least back in the 80s, 90s, they drink more, sweet diet. They hate children and flowers and peace and their pro-war, all of a sudden bad stuff. So maybe it's the smoking and drinking and otherwise unhealthy behaviors, by the way, they also tend to exercise less. I don't think red meat's causing them to do all these things and red meat might be the thing that was actually hurting their health. But she is like, we know for sure smoking isn't good for you. We know drinking passed a very small, several, you know, one to two drinks a day, a few times a week is bad and if you drink much more, it's really bad. And it's shown that people drink a lot and smoke a lot, um, gee, they really ain't a lot of junk food too and also they had more red meat. Just think of like, not an actual truck driver, but a stereotype, the worst one you can think of of a truck driver. You're a man with truck and cigarette, gas tank, alcohol, I'm still driving, I can. And steak, raw, bloody, ah, that was great. And then chicken nuggets, clearly, fries, you get the picture. Unhealthy behaviors tend to correlate at least somewhat with red meat consumption. So how do we know if it's the red meat causing troubles or if it's all the other bad stuff that's associated with. Right? So good news. Since the 80s and 90s are data sets have multiplied in how many people are being analyzed and how many different life variables are asking people about. It's not just like, hey, do you read me how much? How much junk food do you smoke, do you drink how much? I got here. That's our study. We got tons of other stuff. Exercise, how many vegetables and fruits they eat? Stress, pharmacology, use, et cetera. And are statistics that we have are now super powered. A lot of these studies in the 80s and 90s, if you want to do some real hardcore stats, get in a program, nobody knew how to program basically. A lot of the stuff you'd have to do kind of my hand nowadays, statistical software, is like ubiquitous and ultra powerful. And when I was learning stats, some of the shit I had to really, when I learned stats when I was younger younger and then I had to relearn them later with the new software. And it was like, and, oh, do you want this test to account for sphericity? I was like, what the fuck is sphericity? Oh, we shit. I must have been dead for a few years. I was just starting back, they changed stats, but in any case ended up learning what all that stuff stats are really, really great now at taking all the data together. You say, okay, I want to see what is the correlation of red meat consumption. But I have a hundred other variables that I've also studied. And I want you statistically, Mr. Computer, to remove them out of the equation, so to speak, so that I can just see the relationship of colon cancer, heart disease, blah, blah, health stuff, just with red meat. Because we know that red meat eaters also tend to smoke more. And that affects health. So if we statistically adjust for cigarette smoking, it's okay, but for red meat eaters that don't smoke more, so to speak, are they at a higher likelihood of all these other bad diseases? And every single time our surveys got more inclusive of all kinds of variables. And every single time the statistical packages got better and the amount of co-founder adjustment we could do got better, the fraction of bad health attributable or correlated to red meat consumption, shrink and shrink and shrink and shrink and shrink. And it turns out that since then, more direct studies on food replacement, you take a group of people, they have, you know, they're doing XYZ in their diet, there's a hay guys you need more vegetable, so you have one group eats more veggies, one group eats more fruits or something and you start to the effect. One group eats less red meat, one more, etc. Other studies like that have confirmed this trend and I'll sum it up the most chairedably that I can to the position that red meat is actually bad. Here it is, it's just not clear that red meat and moderation is harmful to health. So if you're in a steak house and you're eating your chicken breast or your vegan option and you see someone cutting in old juicy rib eye or whatever, I don't know steak names. Scott the video guys, rib eye steak? Yes sir, let's go ahead and help back. I got it, it looked like shit. It was terrible. It was terrible. We're not going to have this on this channel outback. According to scientific research, outback steak house is the best steak house and then there's like mortons or whatever and then that's it. There's two steak houses as far as I'm concerned. In any case, if you look at that person and you're like, hey, you know you're killing yourself, right? Do you have children who you want to take care of your kids? You're going to die on them tomorrow from this red meat. You are probably overstating the case. Very chairedably, very overstating the case. So if it turns out that red meat is bad for health, it looks like it's going to be teeny tiny little contributor, very, very small difference and it's just not a big deal. It's not terrible for a health foreshur. And there's a really good chance that it actually isn't bad for health at all, especially in moderation. Like a couple times a week, you have red meat a couple times a week, you have fish, cup times blah blah blah blah. Even a couple times a day. So long as you're getting good physical activity, you eat plenty of fruits and veggies in the whole grains. Your coloric balance is such that you are at a healthy body weight. You smoke not at all or minimally, drink not at all or minimally. That's for you college students. Have fun and college. I'm kidding. You can grow up after a healthy. And take care of your sleep and stress. The total effect of red meat consumption on increasing the probability that you will have all these other bad health effects is somewhere between barely detectable and maybe has no effect. So the idea that red meat is terrible for your health, although it feels nice to say and we've been saying it for so long, is bullshit as Arnold would say no doubt also flexing his muscles though they are much more impressive than mine. So that's really the deal. So I wouldn't worry about it too much just be healthy and all the other stuff and the kind of meat you're eating probably won't make either any difference at all or any major difference. Maybe later research will show that actually there is a difference. It's going to be small but maybe it's detectable. We'll update you for sure on this channel if we get some wind of that. But for now I'd say, eat plenty of red meat if you like and if you don't, you don't have to eat it. So if you're a carnivore, eat it raw. If you're the liver king, inject steroids into it and then eat it and then inject steroids into yourself and then lie to people about it. I've said enough. I'll see you guys later.