Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization, and today's the BS topic is that Stevia is safer than other artificial sweeteners. Wait, that's BS? It is to cheer us. Alright. So, first of all, is it Stevia or Stivia? Me, I'm saying Stevia and here's why. It's a make belief word, so we can pronounce it however you want to guess all words are make belief. Stevia doesn't really have an anthropology associated with an ethnography of the word. I assume it doesn't exist, but if it's Stevia, sorry. But also not sorry, because that sounds like I'm talking about some guy named Steve. Do you know what? If you're an aimist, even you're listening to this, certain there are hundreds of use, statistically named Steve listening to this? I don't want you to be implicated in what I'm about to say, so it's Stevia. And if your name is Stev, we you got it coming. Point number one, lots of people claim that Stevia is the safer, sweetener, healthier than aspirate, and sucralos and a bunch of the others. If you look at the actual health data, the direct scientific research, there is zero support of this and as far as I can find. And in fact, much more research later could actually prove that Stevia is safer, but that research doesn't yet exist. So, there's a notion that Stevia is healthier, it is not even couch to the hypothesis, it's not even couch to the guess it's if it's couch to the thing we just know to be true, which is a note. Number three, point here is on short term gut health. Stevia is actually in at least one study has been shown to be worse than aspirate. Oh, and the public link is right there in the study. He want to copy it down, write it down in your notebook. But pro tip, if you're watching this on your phone, just pause the screen zoom in and your phone will be able to, if you screen shot it and go to the picture of that, it'll be able to just highlight that right up, go right into pop band read that study. So, in this study, Stevia had some pretty large changes on gut microbrana, also, but again, probably not concerning. He got microbiomits insanely adaptive, but as per team, it's essentially undetected and it's changed. So, of all of the health data we do have, we have this tiny little piece in which Stevia is actually worse than aspirate, which is supposed to be the silent killer of a generation. So, if there's not really a lot of evidence or actually any evidence at all, actually on the margins negative evidence for Stevia being healthier and safer for you than other artificial sweeteners, because Stevia is a natural sweetener. Oh, Stevia is a not-nutrious sweetener, which means it basically has no calories, just like superlose and aspirate, but those two in the many others, they're artificially constructed and designed in laboratory where a Stevia comes directly from mother earth herself. Why the love for Stevia? Because it's natural, and that's literally it. It's just pure bias. It is the argument for nature, fallacy, or the naturalistic fallacy, however you say, it's that. Folks, do not fall for this crap, go by logic, and evidence, do not go by what feels right, because that's actually just called prejudice and bias. And it's maybe wrong. Stop telling Keepel Stevia is safer and healthier just because it's natural. There's tons of natural stuff that's bad for you, like snake bite and just mealtly existing outdoors, and there's tons of artificial stuff that's really good for you, like air conditioning, and the warmth of a TV dinner in your hands. Isn't that nice? I don't hold a too long little burn you. In any case, there's one guy that's like digging the fitness industry and it's like a movie star. He sets something about Stevia once that I thought was like, it was just really, really, just really informative. You know, someone just saw something, you're like, and you're really just summed it up. Oh, and it was Arnold, and he said, bullshit. See you guys next time. Let me tell you guys about the RP Hypertrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app, you could choose to make your own. You could modify an existing program, or you could just run the programs exactly as they were written by e-person on this app programs, everything for you. Exercises, weights, sets, reps, frequency, thought whole thing. After every single workout, every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now, you're pretty interested in the app, download the RP Hypertrophy app today.