If you are having a combination of high volume and high intensity sex, specifically, and I will be getting graphic unfortunately, you're the one doing the thrusting so to speak. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSWP and occasionally we make the huge mistakes Scott the video guy and I, of actually trying to answer one of the questions in the comments with a video. And more than a few comments every now and again, I think they're jokes, but some people seem quite serious. Ask the question essentially of, is too much sex killing my games. Now almost certainly most of these people are lying about having sex at all, but we decided to throw the sort of science at this problem and see that if in fact it is possible, dare I say, probable that you are having so much sex and in such a way that could interfere with your games. Right? Is too much sex bad for your games. Here's the thing. I get hit on all the time. You guys probably figured this out. I'm handsome. Take a look. That's quite good looking. And I'm really tall. I'm like, what am I going to go? Scott the video guy, six, eight, six, eight. Approximately. I'm six seven on a bad day. I feel bad on those days. And bitches love money and you know your boy has 27 Lamborghinis. Yes, that's right. The botler's went crazy and bought a bunch more. So I'm just kind of over it and I'm just not even in a sex anymore, but however, being that I'm so tired of sex, how could you also be in a position to be physically tired of sex is sex really killing your games and do you have to tell these bitches, ah, off, family, not today? Well, actually, science can weigh in in this and hears the science part of this video is preposterously short, by the way. If you are losing sleep because of it, you happen to walk into your bedroom and there are three random waifu Japanese girls that just couldn't wait for you to return and you figure grandma, you let these bitches in again. All right, no sleep for me tonight. Yet to do it whatever you do in bed, hey, that's your thing. I'm not going to judge you. And then you get zero sleep. You show up to the gym super tired. Sleep by itself is super antibolic. You missed out on that. You have a great time, but lack of sleep is absolutely a problem. So now you having as much sex as you do, it's getting the way of your games again, but wait, there's more specifically leg training. Can absolutely suffer if you are having a combination of high volume and high intensity sex specifically and I will be getting graphic unfortunately, you're the one doing the thrusting so to speak. Here's the thing, especially if you go all night, if you're doing a ton of thrusting, then yes, absolutely it's going to cost you and your muscles that do the thrusting. And if any of you have ever actually had sex before, you will notice that distinct quad receipts and glute burn if you're doing it, right? Of course, and you're the act of type of sexual partner. There are a bunch of studies and people in quotation marks and people speculating on them is, you know, is saving up and not knitting before sport competition or a big lift actually effective. A lot of these studies are conducted very poorly and have answered no questions at all when I will tell you is this. If you're just jerking it, is jerking it like the day before or the day of a big important super big lift or sport competition, going to somehow magically sap all of your strength? No. But I will say, waiting a few days without jerking it or if you're that kind of person, even a whole week, not sure if I'm remade it a week, maybe once it was a bad week. Towards the end of that time, it's not that you're going to somehow get magical performance benefits. But if you haven't knudded in about a few days or a week, depending on your own, how often you get horny, you got this extra special kind of violent fucking energy, this substance got to happen to it. It can give you theoretically a little bit of an edge. Now, if you've tried this and it just causes you to be a bit disoriented and a bit like shitty priorities, you're supposed to be running your track and field race and the girls teams walk in behind or they're like, well, I'm not here for anyway, but obviously don't do it. But you can experiment. If you do feel a little bit more gusto before, you know, an athletic competition for a few days or even up to a week, you don't not at all, I say go for it because clearly, if it works for you, it works for you. And the theory generally says that, like, yes, absolutely, if you haven't knudded in a while, you're going to have a bit more go get our energy for sure. A lot of times, people take that insight for essentially masturbation and they try to slot in sex. I've literally seen comments, sections in which they'd like to see it doesn't matter if you're being before tournament. This study says it doesn't matter, but a whole bonus second that really doesn't matter what your idea of being is. Because if you four hour straight, do the horizontal and vertical when upside down and 69, whatever, mom-mo, then it ends up being that you can really fatigue the shit out of yourself. You can absolutely reduce your jump height, your power, your strength, your ability to do reps because you just put in a ton of work and thus fatigue and absolutely that will cost you. If you have a super big, important leg workout coming up tomorrow, you got to, you know, I'm saying, you got to tell these, how is the back of the fuck up? Don't worry, I'll have tips on how to do that next. Lastly, if you are having loads of the good stuff the night before you're trying to train really hard and you're not attending to your hydration and nutrition, you could absolutely show up to the gym, glycogen depleted because you burn off tons of glycogen, doing the nasty and you could come and dehydrate it. A quintessential thing to do after sex is two things actually. 80 styled, you lay in bed and smoke a cigarette in bed, which now watching those moves in retrospect is fucking weird and kind of gross, but it's something that has to be done. A lot of times you want to go to that fridge and get you a nice, big glass of orange juice it provides hydration and replete glycogen. So if you're going to do a shitload of banging before hard workouts or competitions, make sure that you're at least staying hydrated or rehydrating and make sure you're eating well, make yourself in her or sandwich. That's right, 203. We flip the gender roles to make sure people are recovering. If this is a situation you've run into before and if you have a huge amount of trouble resisting the sex, don't worry, I have a few tips for you. If it performance is your number one and you've got a big lift or a big powerlifting competition or a boxing match or soccer match or even just you Saturday legs is going to be popping. It's week four, right before D-Load. I got to be on my a game a couple of quick tips for you guys to be able to avoid this ever present seductive sex that keeps happening to you in your life. First, my recommendations don't take this too far. I'll tell you why in a bit. First, stay away from the grocery store, to problems the grocery store. Too many phallic objects, cucumbers and shit. You know, your food, your boys starts touching on that shit. Everyone's looking mostly the boys. They're also tons of milks. There's the frozen foods. I have the nipple thing. I don't even have to say it. grocery store as a disaster or don't go to the store. Next, no beaches, no pools, no fountains, no ponds, no lakes, board shorts. If you're in them, people are going to want to have sex with you. Anytime I get to board shorts, costety battle, four months later, four months, how long to babysit? Four years. I knew I said something wrong. And definitely no libraries. If you've ever seen adult films, libraries are chock-full of nerd girls, dress like waifu, schoolgirl thing, and the classes, and they're pretending to read a book, really just there to give blow jobs. And that's no good. Clubs are okay. Mostly because when you go to the club, like I do all the time, you get the rope off around your table, bottle service. The club's more about hanging with your boys than these hoes. You feel me? How about the club? Don't you dare fucking come up to me. Lastly, this is really a big issue. If you have a super important competition to work out, go to grandma's house, hide out for a bit. Write my grandma's house. She's like, these hoes are on your shit again. How am I grandma? You know what I'm saying? Turn on golden girls. Let's chill a bit. I'm gonna take a break from these hoes. Have this great work out, great competition, great whatever. And then I come back around. And I go to the grocery store, the pool, everything. Collect these fucking coins, like Mario Brothers, and do it up. Folks, best of luck to you, staying on the straight narrow, and girls. Hello. I've never talked to a girl before. But I think they're nice. See you next time.