Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrrization, and today's high-perchography myths video is about a salacious topic. That's right Google that word. The myth is that the big guys have some kind of really special insight into how to grow muscle in this you should really really really Prioritize what they're saying over what other people are saying about how to get jacked We're going to break this down as usual. We're going to talk about what the myth really is. Talk about some of the silver linings. All myths have a little bit of truth to them. Even most people say like, oh I can see ghosts. I don't know them. Where the silver lining is for that. I guess in the realization that the brain is what hell will listen again? But yeah in any case, most myths have something to teach us. Then we're going to talk about the bad stuff which is the stuff that makes it mythical and thus mostly bullshit and a little bit of real talk to sort of close the loop on this discussion. Okay, so the myth is most of the people say in stuff stuff like that guys huge he must really know how to train and diet super well. There's definitely something there, right? Okay, so I'm not entirely wrong. And then they'll say like, yeah science nerds say you know XYZ, this big guy at my gym says ABC, so I'm going to go with him man because he's huge. He's living the life like all right? And then there's another brand of statement like something like man if the science nerds really knew stuff, they'd be huge too. They'd all be the biggest guys. And I have mostly said by people who, you know G maybe school wasn't their number one thing in life. Don't worry, I'll have more insults to people's intelligence later in this episode. All right, the good and there's lots of good. Big guys clearly know something that worked. They're doing something that clearly worked because they're big. And this whole thing of hypertrophy is we're all trying to get big. Clearly they're on something. We actually know what they're on to at the very least. Most of them will know and be able to actually sort of declaratively say consistency is important. Progression is important. Show showing up to the gym regularly. Very rarely we have a big ibilek in and then in this two years because of COVID as I remember. Progression, big guys are usually good about putting some more weight on the bar every now and again adding a rapper to here and there, adding some sets, challenging themselves. And of course they're pretty good at hypercoolorically dieting with plenty of protein. You don't get to 240 pounds in most cases just by eating normally and being like, happiness is just like, palate and tada. Usually you have to eat lots of foods and they know about that. They know about eating when they don't want to eat and they know that protein's important. Usually at the very least. Consistency progression and a hypercooloric diet is more than most people know. And a lot of even smart gym nerds could use a fashion on the head with this every now and again. People get exotic into this crazy periodization shit and what about this one exercise for the lap that hits your lap this way? Okay, how many times you train your lap a week? Like why I just been playing around a little bit? Like okay, great. So you can actually train, got it. There's some shit there. There are some reality there. And on the other end, science nerd folks often say a lot of stuff that just doesn't work in real life because they haven't tried it yet or never tried it, no plans to try it. They'll just say stuff. And maybe because they tried it, but they didn't grow, but they have such shitty genetics and work ethic anyway that growth isn't something that's going to be doing much. A lot of times you get this especially with older folks, muscle nerds that are in their 40s, probably just won't ever be growing again. I know recommend a variety of training practices and RIRs and progressions that look interesting on paper, but they haven't tried them nor will they ever if they have them are trying them, it doesn't much matter because they're not in that phase of their life or net growth is even possible outside of using tons of steroids or something like that. So the last thing I'll say here is you don't have to religiously believe, don't worry. We'll get to that in a sec. What the big guys say and what they do is like the way to do things. And that everything that comes out of their mouths is something you're going to want to do. But you ignore the practices especially of the big guys to your detriment. I want to know what all the big guys are doing. That doesn't mean I'm going to do it all. I care a lot about what they're doing. I care much less about what they're saying because their words didn't get them muscle, their actions did. Much more curious about what they're doing and then I can sort of put the puzzle pieces together. I'll never ignore it. When tons of bodybuilders do some kind of practice, there's absolutely chance that it's just dumb as buckets the new fat. But there's also a chance like man, they're really, really out of something. And I wouldn't want to just be like, yeah, they're all idiots. Don't worry about it. I don't know. You should know about it, but then you should have a good sort of working concept in your brain that accepts tentatively or rejects ideas from bodybuilding that, oh yeah, like these big guys, this is something to try. They are discovering something interesting. On the other hand, some stuff you see from them, you'll be like, that guy's a fucking idiot. There's no way that works. I try to, it doesn't work. By a mechanic says it doesn't work. Physiology says it doesn't work. People do some dumb shit. Here's more on that. The bad stuff. It is super important to realize the following. I will place my reputation as a science communicator one of the fucking I am on this idea. The top reasons, the biggest guys are who they are looks like this. Number one, and I do mean number one. Amazing genetics. Okay, very good genetics at least. Number two, time spent training hard. And I mean years, that's how long it takes to get big. He almost certainly, big guys have really good genetics and have trained hard for years. Not that does not mean the details of their training are remotely optimal. That doesn't mean the details of the training got them as big as they could have been. That doesn't mean that the details of the training won't get you hurt. And they just got lucky. They just trained a long time. The details not so important. Number three is that they know how to eat in the sense that they've spent a lot of time eating and gaining weight, it does not have to be remotely ideal. One of the stupidest fucking things you'll ever see in your life, I ever saw in my life. When they do like day in the life of the bodybuilder and they give me a lot of fish in the comments, like why fish are not chicken? What? The fuck are you talking about? You know how many bodybuilders got big off chicken? Well, everyone else. So what's the thing with fish? It cannot be a good answer there. There does not exist a good answer. Never mind that on the nutritional physiology, the proteins I'll get broken down in a amino acids anyway and as long as the amino acids score as high, which is both high for fish and chicken, it doesn't fucking matter. It doesn't make basically any difference on hypertrophy, but you'll always get people that want the details. All right. Nick Walker does not have 23 inch arms because he ate like fish versus chicken. Forget about that shit. He does have fucking 23 inch arms or parv in the fucking big there. It's because he ate a lot of food when he didn't feel like eating a lot of food. He got up to like 300 pounds on a few occasions and voila, big ass arms. That's what you can take away from something like that. The details, look, sometimes may be very good, but they'll have to be explained in a way that makes sense. It's not the details that get most people checked. Lastly, folks that are really jacked oftentimes take anywhere from some to lots of drugs. And it doesn't even have to be remotely an ideal protocol design. I've seen some of the protocols on good word from top Olympians and some of them look fucking ridiculous. Tons of compounds that do more or less the same thing. Tons of variety and compounds where you don't need it. Tons of compounds introduced way too early, taken out way too late, ones that contradict each other. But mostly what matters about how generally jack you get from drugs is like how many drugs you do. If you take 500 migs a week, you'll get pretty jacked. Take a 1000, get more jack, 2000 more jack, 4,000 more jacked, 5000 hospital, or some shit like that. There is a rich piano limit. All right, P. In any case, genetics training hard for years eating a ton for years and taking sometimes loads of drugs are such powerful effectors and such powerful mediators of muscle size that they explain a huge fraction. Not all, but maybe like 80 to 90 percent of the reason that the biggest guys in the jam are bigger than you. Notice that nothing on that list is nuanced technical knowledge about R. R. Going to failure, technique for exercises, exercise selection, exercise selection interaction like do I do rows after deadlifts or before, work out splits, frequencies, taper designs, accumulation, none of that shit. Here's the problem. Here's what the myth comes from. A lot of times we go to our biggest guys for those very things. I mean, like, hey, what do you think about like a double progression? Does that make that on the fucking list? No. So anytime you ask a huge guy, you can be sure they know these things and do them. Everything else, it's up in the air and a lot of times I'm going to say something kind of mean. You know more than nuances than they do, because you are 24 years old and you took up lifting two years ago and you did starting strength for six months and now you're into RP or whatever, if 3DMJ, whatever you're into and you're a mechanical engineer by trade. That's your day job, which means sorry, forgive me, you are a category or two smarter than the average jacked person at your gym. You're just smarter. And you have access to reading and viewing video materials that talk about reps and loads and manipulations and failure proximities that is an intellectual stratosphere that many of these people who are super jacked, they don't even have the ability to process that data. That's like me trying to listen to a Lex Freeman podcast about some guy talking about like Python code. Fuck, I know Python all I know is you just stick for that motherfucker. Get away from me, snake. Apparently there's the code in there and there's seas and pluses and more pluses. I don't know any of that shit. I just have no clue. A lot of times if you ask a fucking super jacked dude at the gym, details on shit, and he starts to sound real dumb or contradictory. Don't worry, he probably doesn't have some special Richard Feynman like insight on the shit that nobody else got. Unlikely, he's probably just the guy that does this and does this and does that involve. And now you're asking about shit, this is not in his wheelhouse to know. If he was at your intellectual level, that's right you. He would be at that. And it would then you would be talking to John Jew and I if we be pro or Jared either I if we pro or a 10 other guy as I can mention that a real fucking sharp and then you would get a great answer, but it's not a guarantee not even close. So how can we use the wisdom of the big guys in context? I think it's probably good idea to let the big guys remind you a few things like training hard as important. Training hard consistently for years is even more important. Eating well is important. Eating well consistently for years is important. Like if you go and eat well and then you got to go to an engineering conference in Europe for two weeks and you barely eat at all, you barely train at all, you come back, you've lost a shit, let a muscle. Well, the fuck that's on you. You should have been fucking flipping through your Instagram and TikTok, a pro bodybuilders and you're like, oh yeah, I'm one of these people. Bodybuilders that is I'm we find a gym here in Munich or some shit like that. Let me get some fucking protein in my face. That shit fucking matters. The people who do the best in the sport long term, the people just get most jack long term, I have the motherfuckers that they take breaks here and there a couple of weeks here and there, but they just generally don't quit. And also, remember, when looking at the pros that drugs in genetics matter on, so if you watch like something like coach cast them shit, I'm like how the fuck I hit the left. And you're like, man, that's really insightful shit and you seem to think it's a good idea. Then you see some jacked up bodybuilders to gym, doing half bento over rosler, and you're like, huh, and it doesn't seem like it really hits the lats all that well. Does this guy know something cast them doesn't? No, fuck no, but that instant of seeing him can remind you that genetics are hell of a thing and drugs are hell of a thing. And just doing this with good genetics and drugs when you eat a lot and you do this day and a day out for several years, you will get jacked. Is it the most optimal fuck no? Is it efficient hell no? Will you probably get hurt doing it? Yes. So do not copycat that shit. Speaking of copycating, what if you want specific information? Are sets of 10 better than sets of 15? Is too r i r better than going to failure? Any shit like that? Are the big guys good sources of info? Probably not. They can be good sources of info, but not reliably better than just regular, at least semi-intelligent people that train and read stuff on the internet. They just don't have much more of an insight and they certainly don't know more than the science nerds in the industry. So for example, I'll just see you give you an individual Eric Traxler, Google him, look him up. Not a big guy. He weighs like 160 or something. He's 5758, just this guy. They've been shredded to ship before for competition. But he's not enormous. You see him training in a sweatshirt at your gym and you see jujoo's headmick pimple steam over here. I must said jujoo headmick pimple steam. Where's the mirror? Hey, is that's funny? Do you Scott the video guy? You anti-smetic fuck? This is a bit of tension. This is a last warfare here in the studio. Fridian slip. You would look at jujoo's headmick pimple steam and be like, holy fuck, that guy knows things. And somebody'd be like, you do know that that's Eric Traxler with the flies out. That guy right there? Like, huh? But there's no way he'd yeah. Oh yeah. 10 times more. Eric Traxler knows than this fucking guy right here. Almost certainly. But how can you tell? Well, Google has shit and you start reading it. Holy fuck, this guy's makes a lot of fucking sense, man. If you're a thinker, if you're just a fucking wild animal, it, errr, or a fucking don't reach it, reading his boring, then letters are all weird shape. I can't have the same shape. Why should gotta be so confusing is what I'm trying to say? So definitely have your ear to the street. Definitely know what the big guys are doing. More and what they're saying a little less, but still be in the note. So that you don't miss any obvious good gems. At the same time, look to the science nerds, read their shit for sure, watch their videos podcast, and then synthesize the two shits through your own experience to come up with the best answer. Science nerds get shit wrong. They get an all theoretical and then they're fucking small. Jacked up, juice had dudes get shit wrong all the fucking time, they have no idea what's going on. It's like asking a fish how it swims. What? They don't even have a cann verbally communicate language and some pros can't do that either. At the end of the day, there's no religion and bodybuilder. Other than Scientology, will they sue us for that, Scott? Let's be easy on the Scientology jokes. In any case, there's no dogma. What's that? Westboro Baptist Church. Westboro Baptist Church. They'll come after you, right? In any case, just do shit that passes all of your filters, which means you've experienced it and it seems to work. It makes sense from basic logic perspective like the fucking nerds say. And also it seems like at its core, it's something that would seem like it would work for the pros and the big guys if they knew about it, slash they sort of do it anyway. If that all mixes in, great. We don't want you to do. It's been like, fuck a work for honey, it's working for me. You've been fucking do better than that. And definitely don't be the guy that's like, I read in a study of a carbon-1965, and a journal of my exercise that you're not a biologist and you're a shout-up, get out of your nerd. Here's your fucking school lunch in your face, get to the gym. In any case, think I've offended just about everyone, including myself. Like, subscribe, comment, hit that notification bell. I've been watching some other YouTubers and they say things like that. And we've got a member section with more nerds, shit, but also people are juiced up in it too. Those are kind of juiced up everywhere on this channel. See you guys next time.