Calorie balance? How much food you intake versus how much energy you expend? Accounts for about 80% of fat loss results and pretty much almost 100% of weight loss result. Eating healthy causes you to eat fewer calories with less hunger, causing you to sustainably fewer calories, causing you to lose more weight. Period. So what the hell is the debate about? Is this just click bait? I promise it's not before you click away. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. My question for you today is eating healthy, more important than calorie counting in order to lose weight and fat. We'll go ahead and answer the question in your own time. I'll put it in the comments. I'll wait. Aren't. You can pause the video if you need more time. If your goal is to get leaner and lose weight, what's more important? Calorie counting or eating healthier? The answer here may be a bit different than you think. It's different than what I used to think even some short time ago, so let's take a look at it really quick. First, fundamentally, your calorie intake is way more important to weight loss success than the composition of your food, for example, whether your food is more healthy or less healthy. In fact, calorie balance, how much food you intake versus how much energy you expend, accounts for about 80% of fat loss results, because sometimes it's more or less muscle, and pretty much almost 100% of weight loss results. So what the hell is the debate about? Is this just clickbait? I promise it's not before you click away. The saying healthy food matters more or whatever than calorie, how can that be when calories are everything for weight loss and 80% of fat loss? Well, here's the thing. Calorie counting is not the same thing as eating a low calorie diet. In fact, the success most folks have with purely counting calories as the diet itself is actually quite low. Why? Like, how does that make sense? Calorie counting doesn't lead to very good weight loss outcomes and fat loss outcomes? What gives? It's because the number one factor in how much humans eat and thus how much weight they lose or don't lose is emodulated. There's modulation by hunger. The hunger year you get, the tougher it becomes to meet your goal calories and everyone has a breaking point am I right? Except for Scott the video guy who is infinite, absolutely audacious, willpower and drive. You know, for now, again, I look at Scott and I'm like, is that Mr. Gagganz or or is that Jaco Willink that I see? No, it's Scott the video guy even more handsome. But if they had a baby together, but with him. Yeah, like a baby, but that with who gave birth to that baby? It came out their butt. The butt baby. Oh, okay. That was Scott's video guy everybody. Thank you. Unless you're Scott the video guy, the hunger you get, the tougher it gets to meet your goal calories and the more likely it is that you'll either eat above your goal calories and lose less weight or just fall off the plan because you're like, I have to eat how many calories today, 1500 that I'm out and then you're just not on the plan. You're losing no weight. So you can count calories all you want and it absolutely can help if you can actually stick to the plan. But if you eat foods that control hunger very well, you can actually eat low calories like you planned on for long enough to lose lots of weight and lots of fat. Actually eating the lower calories is the thing that gives you success. It's if calorie counting was the ultimate or on a plane what your altitude is like, like, they old in the out of Jones like 20,000, 17,000, 15,000, 13,000, I mean, I think we're going to crash soon. If that that's just the turned out that shows your altitude, then healthy food that can fill you up with tons of nutrients but keep your hunger levels really low is like the fuel that goes into the plane. The healthy food is actually what's allowing you to fly the plane. The fuel is the thing that propels the plane. The ultimate or just tells you which way you're going so you can count calories and that's a great way to see if you're on the right track. But getting yourself on the right track to a diet, you can actually follow because the hunger isn't driving you insane and pushing you off the plan is much more a matter of eating healthy foods than it is of eating whatever foods you want to fill up your your my fitness pal calorie tracker with. Now when we say healthy foods here at RP, we usually mean minimally processed combination of lean proteins, veggies, fruits, whole grains and healthy fats like avocado, canola oil, olive oil, nuts, nut butters, broccoli, tomatoes, green peppers, brown rice, quinoa, oatmeal, steak, chicken, ground turkey, guys not rocket science. If you can point to it in wonder if it's healthy food, it's probably not healthy food in the conventional understanding. When people eat these foods, you know, kind of boring foods if you think about it, they end up eating very filling low calorie density foods way more than if they just yellow their diet and just fit the calories however with poptarts and panic. Their actual calories get reduced to tonne and guess what happens? Their body weights get reduced to tonne as well. Eating healthy causes you to eat fewer calories with less hunger, causing you to sustainably if your calories causing you to lose more weight period. Whereas calorie tracking is like, eh, I'm going to track my calories. Like, okay, you can actually eat the calories that you want. You're like, I'm not too hungry. Scott, it's like getting a regular card wondering why it won't go 200 miles an hour even though it has a spedometer. But I'm stepping on the gas, it can even be there. Those symbols can be there and you won't ever get to that speed. So here's the thing. It's not just enough to eat healthy. Healthy food, peanut butter, anybody can still get you over your calorie needs, especially if you're losing a lot of weight in your hunger hormones kick up and they're like, dude, you better be eating way more peanut butter than that and you're like, oh, yes, sir, Mr. hormone. Oh, gee, what is I sure hope I don't fail? And then 50s kid ends up fat 50s kid because he couldn't control himself because too much peanut butter. But starting with healthy foods and then counting the calories to make sure you don't over eat your healthy foods is very likely to help you lose fat and wait more than simply starting and ending with calorie counting and just being like, while filling the calories kind of with whatever I grays along upon them the day because you're going to eat some junky foods. They're going to make your hunger go up. You're going to not be able to last through the night by eating a normal healthy foods. You're going to go off plan. So in a theoretical sense, calorie intakes are the biggest thing that allows you to lose weight, period. But in a practical sense the way you get to dependably lower calories is eating healthier without raising your hunger which is to say eating traditionally healthy foods. That's what actually keeps your calories in range and actually lets you lose weight. Now hold on a sec, you might be thinking to yourself curious viewer that you are doesn't this kind of thing go out the window now that people have access to these new modern weight loss drugs like tris appetites at Manjaro, all those things. Isn't like the hunger kind of turned out set by the drugs. So it's yellow on the food sources as long as I'm eating whatever the hell I can do calorie counting really easy. If I have the drug to keep my appetite pretty restricted, not so fast. There is truth to that that for any given dog shit way you're eating, you'll get leaner doing it with tris appetit. But there's a better way to do this. In fact, healthy eating has a super synergy with modern weight loss drugs instead of a substitution and replacement kind of effect. It's like once you get amazing the 3D surround sound speakers, how much less valuable is your big screen TV because now you have speakers you don't need that thing. No whole lot of seconds. They actually work with each other so that one of them is made better by the other. It's better to have an awesome TV and amazing speakers. Not just one or the other. So why is this a thing with weight loss drugs in healthy food? Why are weight loss drugs in healthy foods that it's got like two, um, um, what birds mate for life? Scott, um, do I have a maybe? Yeah, why not? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that was basically a ornithology class as far as I could tell. And Scott, they did two birds are sitting on a wire, right? And let's assume they have English speech and high intellectual throughput. And it's like it's like year 59 for the birds, right? One is healthy diet and one is tris appetite. What do you think they're typical conversation? It's like. Yeah, but I know Scott. Yeah. As you know, the male birds like have been a, been a while hasn't at Betsy and she's like she's got the elongated sigretches. Yeah, Gerald. So it has. Yeah, been a while. She's the kid. Yeah. Yeah. And that's it. You guys ever wonder what bird calls her about? Nothing stupid bullshit. They're talking about nothing. Just like a couple in the 1955 small New York apartment. You don't really care what they're talking about. What's oh yeah, that's right. So if you were eating high calorie density foods, especially those high and sugar and especially high and fat, which is like all junk food, those tend to cause way higher rates of GI distress upset tummy. Scott, do you want to say a medical term? The Hershey Squirts? Or the out of your mouth Hershey Squirts. Now I'm not saying you're vomiting poop. It could get pretty bad folks. When you're on these drugs, the probability you're really sick from fast food and junk food is just like super super high way higher than normal. If you say to yourself, I'm on these drugs. I'm going to have pizza, but just a little bit of pizza, even a little bit of pizza can throw you way off. And that's why a lot of the people who try these drugs and fail with them, that I thought I couldn't it. GI distress was too high. Now hold on a sec. Here's a really cool benefit. Eating healthy on these drugs as described, all grains, all of fruits and veggies, all that stuff, lean meats, can reduce GI distress substantially, which can radically improve your adherence to the diet and adherence to the drugs. If to that diet is tearing or stomach in a piece, is you're going to stop taking it. And if the you can't stick to a good diet, you're going to stop doing that as well. But if you take your Zapatide knew it really, really healthy, you can have a really good time with your Zapatide very few downsides. And your eating healthy is now super empowered because you hardly feel hung all from that sort of situation, but it gets even better. These drugs reduce your junk food cravings. So you're supposed to be eating healthy and now it's easier for you to eat healthy because you're like, I'll eat healthy. Pizza doesn't seem as lustrous as it once was. And there's another benefit. These drugs plus a healthy diet, so check this out. If you have your typical pretty tasty diet, you take a certain dose of drug, you're going to have a lower hunger, and thus your resultant calories are going to be lower. Now remember, healthy food isn't a super hyper palatable hyper delicious. You don't tend to overeat it as much. It's also a lower calorie density. So normally without the drug, you could eat like pretty low calories and stick to it if they were healthy. With the drug, that falls even further. So if you could lose a pound a week on Tersapatide with whatever foods, if you go to healthy foods, you might lose a pound and a quarter per week or a pound and a half per week because you could drive your calories down. And first of all, less GI distrusts you're more consistent on the diet. And second of all, you just fill up all the time because G's, the stuff isn't even making you hung great anymore, hardly at all. Healthy food, plusters appetite and a pretty decent dose. Oh my god, man, you can stick to a diet no problem. And for a bonus benefit, it should just keep getting better. You kind of have to eat healthier, more nutritious foods. If you're on a low calorie diet because you need your food to have vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals and fiber and protein. And if you're like doing bullshit junk foods, then bad, I don't know where, you know, you're on a thousand calories a day of hardly nothing. And that's really bad for you. It's not great for your long-term health. And it's not great for your feeling really good and energized on the diet, cognitively or physically. But if you eat healthy food with the power of modern weight loss drugs to get you to do it better, not only is it better for the drugs, it's more sustainable, it causes more weight loss. But now because you're eating healthier, you're checking all the boxes at a low calorie density, still getting all your nutrition. Just at the end of the diet, you can be more successful, lighter, leaner, healthier, and feel better all the same time. So not only do healthy foods make taking weight loss drugs easier, they also make the drugs let you lose more weight and keep you healthy when you're dieting. That's one hell of a combo of wins you guys. So it's not to say it's very false to say that, well, with water weight loss drugs, you could just eat whatever and lose weight. That's true. But it's very false because it screws up the dichotomy of if you had eaten healthy with those weight loss drugs, you would have been even more successful by a long shot. That's a big deal. So yeah, eating a diet of minimally processed healthy foods like lean proteins, veggies, fruits, whole grains, healthy fats might in the real world. Be more important than calorie counting to realistically lose weight and fat. That means if you're trying to lose weight, choose your healthy foods first. Not literally, but as a commitment, I'm going to eat healthy, almost all the meals on this diet. And then you build your meals, and you get the macros and calories you're going to do anyway, you build health right into there. Versus, saying, I need this many macros and this many calories, what I eat is an afterthought. No, no, no, what you eat is thought number one because that healthy food inclusion is a huge superpower that allows you to less be healthier, be more sustainable, and achieve better results without weight loss drugs and with weight loss drugs, both just the same. Technically speaking, if you're using weight loss drugs, health, the eating pays even more premiums, which is why it's especially upsetting for me to see people like, man, I hate your zepatide, screw it up my gut, I'm like, what are you eating? They're like, well, I rubbed to fudge brownies on pizza one day, and that's how I started the day. I'm like, oh, boss, these drugs cost money. You might as well like, get your money's worth by not screwing up your diet. What's missing from all of this? No, an app that can help you organize your nutrition, set your time tables for weight loss or weight gain, check in with you meal by meal, day by day for wands and meal check ins, take a picture, and the AI does all the rest, and you know how much food you're eating, all of that shit is in the works in development or already a feature in the RP diet coach app, which is available on all the places you find the cool apps. Get a look at that, and listen, I wish that it was ideal to eat pizza and Scott, what's the most absurd candy from the 90s that's probably illegal now. Remember like candy rope like you would squirt it out of a squater and you could type a fedically eat it? I would say there are so much, but I'm like, I'm blanking now. Gushers, I'm a gushers, it was like a candy surrounding and like a liquid inside like, yeah, we had like fireballs that like you couldn't eat them because it would like break your teeth. Yes, the heart you couldn't like chew them apart. Yes, I can't eat a design to hurt children. I keep rocks. I love it. Yeah, so I wish that was the way to get leaner, but it turns out healthy food is such an amazing thing from so many different perspectives that if you learn to eat healthy and eat really well, that's going to be the thing that unlocks health, unlocks fat loss, unlocks weight loss, calorie counting is a tool you lay are on top of that, but calorie counting by itself, not the best diet. Give that some thought. Let us know what you think in the comments. RP diet coach app check that out on the app stores and I'll see you guys next time.