Honestly, making things again as is always the case in Hollywood, melessly complicated for no fucking reason at all. Ha! Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike Isrtele and I am a sport science professor at Leem & College in New York City. I am the creator of the RP Hiperchewy app and I'm going to look at Kubao Nangiani's transformation or at a workout that got him transformed for his role in the eternal's this guy got jacked. That's fine, how. This is what they call a glow up, who mayle Nangiani thrown up at the Trenaglow for a long time. Oh, it's a set of things. I'm going to show you some of my favorite moves today. We're going to be doing it. He definitely started out not jacked. Now that then picture was quite a while ago. I think he's like 45 years old or something. So he's this is incredible. This is incredible. What's this thing? We're on the power plate. This is a pre-activation tool. Power plate activation. What does it mean? Power plate. That's what it works very dynamically. It's a vibrate side and side front to back and up and down. Okay. So the power plate is a machine that is vibrational. All it does is the plate vibrates really, really fast. It feels kind of strange. There's one research confirmed. I used to work on power plate research directly. One research confirmed benefit of power plate as well. You're on it. You actually able to be much more flexible when you're on it. So it's really fun to do stretches on it. Does it get oxygen into your legs or something? No, absolutely not. That's fucking absurd. And the power plate by the way does nothing else. This is actually multiplying come out as weight because of the vibration pattern. Actually creates a G force. And right now his quads are contracting and relaxing. 1500 times in this 30 second interval. Yes. So the power plate people and I've read their manual and whole proposal. They say that the forces exerted are insanely high because the vibrations are really fast. The thing is your passive structures take up all of that slack, which is why his brain isn't goo right now because it was a really high G forces who be broken into bits. That also means that it just shakes a little bit guys. It does nothing but shake. His quads are absolutely not contracting and relaxing. 1500 times in any fucking interval. That's nonsense. His quads are just completely contracted right now because he's in a fucking half squat. Ah, first of all we're doing is the circus what I don't like doing legs. Ah, the zurtier squat. The zurtier squat is something done by two groups of people. One strong man who need to get strong in it and two people who have run out of exercises they actually want to do and have left their creativity veer off into the non-sensical. The zurtier squat is a fine movement but needlessly stresses your upper body, especially your back and your biceps and your shoulders. So you have to maintain this upright posture. Doing a back squat or even a front squat or a leg press or a hax quad or lunge would be way better stimulus to fatigue ratio for the legs. But it's not as cool and as fun as different. And as a trainer I suppose you have to sell yourself as different because the good old usual is just don't sell training sessions anymore. He tricks me into doing squats by saying it does a lot of abs. So the zurtier squat does not do a lot of abs because the weight is pulling you down which means your back has to do the work to pull you back up. Your abs pull you forward and the forward pull would mean you just dump the weight. First straight nonsense. So my favorite chest exercise is low cables, coos and what you do is pull these cables you bring your hands together. You sort of hold them water and then you raise it up a little bit and you try to not engage your delts at all. The raising just trains your front delts mostly. The scooping part is a good exercise for your chest. You could just raise up to the front and actually just train your upper chest that way. But what do I know? I'm just a professor of the shit. So in order for him to lift the weight up after the scoop has occurred it almost exclusively is forced generated by the front delts. There's no way to not have your delts do this. Also instead of coming up with his chest and using the chest whole concentric to give a good chest stimulus he comes up the easy way low, training mostly the mid and lower fibers of the chest not even the upper chest which is probably things he's targeting here and then doing a halfway raise for the shoulders which is the concentric only through a not lengthened range of motion, not a very effective shoulder exercise and honestly making things again as is always the case in Hollywood. Needlessly complicated for no fucking reason at all. My favorite shoulder exercise is the delts giant set and while like it is you can hit all three good front delts exercise so far so good we already had one with the chest quote unquote exercise we'll see you in double up on front delts. You'll see what I mean three sets and just try and do as many as you can on the left. I can technique on laterals. Starts totally fine and then rear delts okay so this is a problem here. You can front raise way more than you can side raise way more than you can rear lateral raise and thus there's a fundamental misloading problem. We should really be doing if you want to do this exercise with more effect is take much lighter dumbbells do the rear lateral raises first bent over then come up and do the second hardest lateral raises after and then do the front raises which are the easiest you'll actually the fatigue curve will follow you along and you won't be needlessly going hard on one muscle while leaving the other muscle just way too tired to do any meaningful reps. So this is actually done backwards. I like the intention that it's done wrong. You know the terrible technique is doing a lot of shrugging there because the dumbbells are too heavy playing in simple. I don't think I can let her raise that much and I'm like five times this guy's size. By steps with the East and my love it got to keep me guessing. We're going to electrocute the male on television. We're going to apply these pants to his bicep. We're going to start with seven crossbody curls with the twists. Good that twists to activate the outside of the p to the bicep. The twist is not activated the outside peak of the bicep that's nonsense but it does train the bicep. This is a fine exercise using East and is also fine. It can let you have a better mind muscle connection. We'll say that for most Hollywood folks that are not trying to be professional bodybuilders and don't really have any limiting factors just training hard with good technique means you can save the many minutes it takes to set this thing up. You can do exercise by yourself. This is a thing that really only benefits real pro bodybuilders that have one muscle group or two muscle groups that they seemingly can't hit very well themselves. This is just a preposterous waste of time for everybody involved. We'll try some time. For triceps I like doing dips. It's a good transition going from chest to triceps as I said I find training arms boring. Training arms is boring and leg training sucks. This guy loves to work out. I try and get about 25 reps. He could go down a little slower. He could pause at the bottom and he could go a little bit deeper but honestly these are really really good dips. So my favorite back exercise these quadric cable rows. I like this one because you can really engage the load. Guys, if you squat down to cable row it takes the focus and effort and intensity and energy and insert word here off of the back where all of it is supposed to be because you're training the back and it puts it needlessly on the legs and an isometric position which doesn't even confer that much advantage especially for muscle growth. This is exactly prototypical of Hollywood fancy exercise fucking nonsense. Just sit down on the ground and fucking do cable rows. What's kept me going to the gym is changing up the workout, finding exercise that I like and mixing things up all the time. If you want good results don't mix things up all the time. Pick a goal and slowly progressively overload like the RPI per trophy output automatically do for you instead of doing random shit all the time. He's just saying is doing random shit all the time. You want random results? You do random shit all the time. It's nice to continue to be interested working out through doing fun stuff. I'm not against that but try to set some directionality to your fun stuff. Do a couple weeks of supersets. Then a couple weeks of regular straight sets. A couple weeks of drop sets at a time and try to progress in those couple weeks. Don't just run a nonsense at your body. Alright. That wasn't terrible. The movements were okay for the most part. A needless fluff around them. The dips were awesome. The rows were good if he would have sat down. Those are your spots where fine except do with it not everything differently. A lateral raises were good but out of order. The biceps was needless electric stem but actually good movements. I don't know why I even rate these things anymore. I'm feeling happy going lucky today. Six out of ten. See you guys next time.