Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Adassance Periodization. Welcome back to the Targeting the Muscle Series. Today's exercise to help us target the side delts more is the dumbbell lateral raise. We've got tips here we go. Tip number one momentum. Momentum is an okay thing. But if you are having trouble feeling the target muscle, eliminating momentum or minimizing is probably a wise idea. So a lot of lateral raising and there's not a damn thing wrong with this. Looks like this. A little bit of wiggle, a little bit of momentum and that's totally fine. But if you really have a trouble feeling the side delts, don't have trouble feeling the side delts. Hey, rock away, no worries. If you have a trouble feeling them, try to make sure that you control the momentum on both concentric and e-centric portions. Thus, you start sometimes not even from the front like this. Start here at the sides. You can't swing into it from here. This you can do that. Start here and only with your side delts raise. And then on the way down, there's a temptation to let momentum take over. Don't do that. Raise with your side delts. Slow on the way down. Raise only with your side delts. Intentionally slow, not fast. Trust me the shiddler catch up to you. It'll burn eventually. Slow around the way up. Only side delts. Control these centric on the way down. If you do that, nine times out of ten, you will feel your side delts if you're having trouble with it. Next tip. The degree of elbow bend. This is a tip that's one of those. You can try a few things and see which one works for you. But if you don't know to try them, you might be stuck in a pattern that's not super great. One way to do the elbow position is to completely lock it out. It's pretty easy to do standardize. Lock up with your elbows and do the lateral raise with elbows completely locked. For some people, they make all the difference. They feel the side delts of tongue. For some folks, it hurts the elbow. It feels kind of weird and it's no bueno. So for some folks, they want to keep their elbow just slightly out of lock. Locked, slightly out of lock. Like this, and sometimes it can feel a lot better. So play with both and see which one is best for you. Next, ranges of motion. So there's not like one right way to do the lateral raise. There are plenty of good options. For folks with sensitive shoulders, if they give you a little bit of trouble, what you can do is allow our raise to almost parallel. If you control no big deal, you get a great shoulder stimulus. Some other folks might try to go all the way to parallel and back down and that's totally fine. If your shoulders can take it, that's probably a little bit better. There is another where you go to a bath parallel and then you can get a really, really baller shoulder pump and everything works out super great. If your shoulder joints can take it, that's also good. And then, of course, there's the super-round variant, and what you go all the way up and then control these centers. And all the way up and control these centers, that's not like better, but it can provide an awesome shoulder stimulus if your shoulder joints can take it. Just know that there are options. Here's the thing. You have sort of two paths to go. One is you find the best one of these that works for you and stick to that. Two is you find that multiple of these work really well, but they're just sort of different styles like rice versus whole grain bad versus pasta. And then, you know, for a couple of months you do one style, for a couple of months you do the other, now you have more variations. It's like having more entries. Another thing you can try to get the side delts to feel this a bit more is an interesting modification. It turns out like the amount of force relative to your muscles ability to produce it is really, really low over here. And leverage wise, it's much harder over here. So if you're losing a bit of tension down here and you feel like this is kind of junk volume, which you can do, is limit the motion to a 45 degree range at the bottom. So let's say I'm doing super-round later, I'm coming all the way up here. I can come down to roughly 45 and then go back up. I'm still in a really productive range, and there's no time during this movement when my delts are not active. It doesn't mean it's a better way to do it, but if you're struggling with a mind loss of connection you totally can. And even if you just go to just a low parallel you can go from here to here and just like that and there's not a damn thing wrong with that. But Dr. Mike, what about stretch under tension? Now the thing is with lateral raises is not really possible because when you have the stretch you don't have tension. Gravity doesn't fucking point sideways. So if you want stretch under tension you gotta use cables or something like that. But if you're really having trouble stopping at about 45 degrees and going as high as here or even higher, totally great variation. Next tip is to play around with hand and finger position. So many people can feel the side delts more if they do with them pinkies up. So pinkies up, pinkies towards this guy, like this, not like all the way up, but just a little higher than your thumbs. However for some folks that's not really good for their shoulders. So for them they want to experiment with putting your thumbs up more and then they do like this a bit more front delt activity this way, but nonetheless you can't hit the side delts well. And of course there's conventional straight. So there's three different ways. Pinkies up, straight and thumbs up. Try all three see which one works best for you. If your shoulders are golden you can use these as three different variations potentially. If your shoulders are not golden one of those you eliminate whichever ones they're not golden in and do the one that works best. Alright last tip. Sometimes if you're really struggling with a mind muscle connection, pauses can help. But these are pauses at the top, not at the bottom. Just a variation for you to try. So instead of doing this, which is 100% fine, that's what I do most the time. You can pause. I would pause at mechanically the hardest position or close to it. So pause, hold for one second, down slow. Pause, hold for a sec, down slow. When you're pausing you really need to activate your side delts to keep that movement in the air, that can enhance your mind muscle connection. You can feel the target muscle more. We'll fucking video series this title that shit and you can finally have huge side delts try to walk into a door, the door frame breaks and you're the whole. Congratulations. Folks like subscribe, comment, YouTube things. If you have an exercise, you want us to talk about breakdown to tell you how to talk in the muscle better. Let us know in the comments. See you guys next time.