I say it's the reset what you're saying because I agree I have more to ask I don't talk to the camera man What are you doing? We hear make videos to make videos we are making videos Jared fuck I said enough I'm gonna let my actions speak loud fuck Hey folks Hey folks, hey folks, hey YouTube, hey TikTok It's up only fans Yeah I guess only fans be a part of it Yeah So listen we're doing legs and we're kind of doing our own thing because we all have very independent personalities So I'm continuing my math cycle I'll be doing angelic squats and then Smith machine good mornings Jared will be doing Smith machine squats and leg presses and leg curls and then Charlie is gonna be doing Smith machine squats and leg curls and we'll be trying to give you some technique to bits along the way a little insight in how real training works and legs I'll pretty quiet because legs is on the mind instead of words Yes, we're doing this first because it warms my knees up I feel a lot better for squats and quad work after this and when you get about two sets in three sets into this movement You kind of just feel a lot better like as far psychological or rousal goes You notice you start Smith squats or squatting or any quad pattern first You might have some weird knee stuff Even after a nice warm up it still kind of feels weird but two sets into this and I'm basically ready to go for the rest of the session What Jared said and I think he might have said this but a cool thing about doing something and not so difficult exercise this last systemic with fatigue first So especially for something like legs, mutual quars, ton of systemic arousal Me a little weird to like just hit the heavy shit first There's like half a wave because you're like that really might really into this But if you get an easier exercise first by the time you're done with that you're like juices are flowing you're good to go and then you can hit that hard shoe especially worse pretty well How do I feel Jared? painful Good very fucking painful So this leg practice leg curl is very good but he contraction being lighter than that bottom Yes, but if you put the sum of these things on it it's even better It feels like shit You don't like that? This thing's already slanted That's literally what you're doing I don't understand what you need by slanted pad is slanted The more it's the less it is Mike you're still slanted you're so off of this Right The only thing we want to do is put our legs If they're here they enter here If they're up here Those up here That doesn't matter It's the pad starts here when you go And then when you go all the way down you can get a deeper stretch in your hamster I literally get a full stretch I'm just better keeping my hips forward than you're going to shot the fuck off What does that even mean? I'm on the ground right now Keep down yourself Keep your foot on the machine But hey Charlie put that thing on there to get a really good stretch Yeah It's it's full of the exact same way I just put it right there for you Oh it's so healthy Right there That might be too high though Oh wait Oh Oh Sheo it's up on your calves now Yeah it feels like shit like that It's better It's just better I'm here and I'm stretching my leg fully So my knees are never even on this Watch another one next time So our hips are more like this Yes What that mean we pre-structure our hamstring? Oh that literally At the bottom I have your hips Oh that means you're not pre-structuring I can watch restructuring I watch it It feels way better than I've been saying Well it can feel better right here that and that's all per person And then this is like Up in the middle my fucking calf That's all nothing here Are you gonna simply move up? You can move up You can't I'm already Oh the top of this Like so like You can put your feet My heels At the bottom Or you can put them here My heels at the bottom It's literally right here I'm gonna do this Why don't you just move that It goes here What's good? It's gonna be here in the near Well that that's good that it moves around Because that means at the top of the ball From a smaller And that means you can hold it up Well if you run your calf Like it's awkward as fuck But it's at the bottom This is moving over my calf What's just as rolling Did you find it? Yeah Literally It's You know like it? It's awkward as fuck Sure Yeah but on principle this is a good idea That's fine Yeah That's all I'm saying It's a good stretch of the bottom if you can't get a full stretch That's exclusively why we do it That's why we do it That's why we do it That's why we do it That's why you guess the stretch Yeah His hips are actually over the line That's what I thought I do hear me Yeah, I do talk enough for that Oh You're right That's right Yeah, I do that and I actually Actively flexed my quads To make your room Sure, sure, sure Offer It's a stretch Make it this Yep Yeah, stretch Put some fall chroma Yeah We figured it out Jared Yeah, I'm a little bit too tall Yeah, that's why he's a thour I just it there's no forward for me my legs are short as crystals I'm as forward as it gets when I hips are right here Oh Yeah good stuff, sorry let's go Rich deep There you go Thanks a bottle every time Yeah Yeah Good shit, sorry Crazy becatrations A lot of people have suffered greatly on this machine Oh, it's good Trevor Fullbright was here Oh, I was not in my room He wasn't able to get out of a machine after each set He was just kind of slinking it for a while and then he would fall out Which is like clean memories you and he's here Yeah, that's so That was cool filming yeah Him and Izzy just went completely nuts Let's see what we like Oh, yeah, these look great Yeah So just in the first working set Here the exercise We're doing I'm doing There's a pendulum squat I think Here is this a pendulum squat or a lever squat What's arsenal call? I thought pendulum I think it is pendulum In any case the same fucking machine It's nice A pendulum squat has a few upsides and a few downsides The downside is that it applies the least force at the bottom That's the opposite of what you want in hypertrophy The upside is that It seems to load the eccentric Especially starting from the top to the bottom quarter like crazy It really helps me slow my eccentric down at all the other exercises Because all of my other leg movements Get the bottom the hardest This is a little bit of interesting variation I've been using it for a few months and it works quite well ideally I wouldn't want to leverage so much to the top and Matt the bottom but it works pretty well It gives me a great cornering motion but so Not bait Not bait arsenal Oh Oh no And I've been to church I know how to say no to Satan Is he joking? One Subscribe! No, it's off but good. Just like my mother's left. You're a good mother who gave you tough love. I got my ass kicked. I post these on Instagram once and this guy's like, cause you know my cock's hanging through. This guy's like, you can see your cock. I just didn't know what to respond to that. No. Like, you look for Dix actively in lifting videos. I can see your dick through your clothes, man. Do you want my number? Two more. Oh. I don't look right. Charlie looks. His legs look like he's five foot two. That's proper proportions for a really jack guy at five, two for his legs. And then you're like, oh, you're five, eleven. Charlie looks. His legs look. Like he's five foot two. That's proper proportions for a really jack guy at five, two for his legs. Oh, you're five, eleven. Huh. I did that with no pressure. My belt can't be came with. No way. I saw that. That's like, that was like, do I restart? I thought, okay. What? Thought, okay. Thanks, Charlie. It's one side. Good idea. It's between audio. At least in my vomiting. Yeah. Let's go, Jared. Come on. Oh, nice. Yeah. It's fun. Easy as to rack ever. Just go. I'll let it. Well, so just to clear something up folks, I hate Mike, as it's all. People. I think that's pretty clear. People always tell us, like, hey, guys, Crocs, you love, we love Crocs, like, to wear them. And the reality is, we only like to wear Crocs for one's just of a season two. One their cheap. Number one. And two, they just really easy to put on and take off and they're comfortable. It says three reasons. Reason four is they're quite durable. So you can just wear them for a while. And reason five is they're pretty ubiquitous. You can wear them indoors outdoors for many different activities. You fancy places now, because if you love that. That's what I love it so Crocs are welcome everywhere. But here's why we don't like Crocs. They're aesthetic appeal, or because we, they're just like industry, ho, crock lovers. Or because they're a really good lifting shoe. And we found that. Yeah. Look at that, that's all the time. Yeah, the body lifting Crocs, and I'm like, I don't. And then like, I swear to God, it's sorry, lifting in Crocs. Like, you didn't. And they're like, well, that one time you're doing bench press. I'm like, why don't you bench press my feet? You stupid asshole. But also, let me clear something up. Body folks, fine folks, great ideas. We love you all. You guys send us messages and tag us in posts that have like, crock underwear and crock bikini top. Move this chair. I'm car that looks like a crock shoe. It's not registering on the Richter scale. It also, it's not the ball that bullshit. Stop tagging me. You're fucking crock bullshit. They work hard. Not me. Ah, he's gone. Good. This is going to be good footage. Fuck. But seriously, guys, Charlie actually knows fashion, Jared and I just put trying to put clothes in our body. Yeah, look at my fucking outfit. Because the government says that we can't walk around naked. Yeah. That's it. So two things. One. One of you good mornings. Playing with the rackeye. I'm actually going to be deeper than usual. For positions slightly move behind. Get a little bit more range of motion in the hands. Maybe. So I've liked the way I've been doing like 275. I'm going to go to 225C. I've seen other works. A little rom for a load trade off. I'll see. I'll play some of my favor. And you guys read comic books. Remember Edam and team. You guys have ever seen duct tape made out of Adam and him. Huh? Now watch this. You know, Adam and him is the hardest substance on earth. How can he do that? Who was simple human chemistry? Let's go. Give this a tip. Tie up. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh you're even better. Yes. Oh. Come on. Oh yeah. Oh. Come on. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. This got better as you. Oh yeah. That was good. Kept the hips higher. No, that's the last eight people. Oh yeah. Thanks for those cues Charlie. That really helps. Well, just two sets of eight here. I'll fucking in the ass. What position is auto adjusted in a free good morning? You're trying to have a good time. You're trying to position as auto adjusted in a free good morning? You're trying to have a gravity can't really change. Uh, with this, the sure as hell can't. You're stacked up against the machine. So I would say your feet a little bit behind where you would think. Usually gives your hamstrings more rom and it doesn't tighten you at the bottom. Two sets of eight for me. That's my whole life work, Adam. Good. I'm gonna keep him hips high, stretch them hamstrings. Yes. Yes. Good time. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Come on. Up. Good. That's it. That's all. You wrote. What do you got on the leg? Two sets. This is a heavier day. 10 to 15 reps. The other day is my lighter day. Do my reps. So I'll do three sets. Friday. I'm going Friday. Yeah. I'll do three sets on Friday. My rep mats the first set. It'll be a lighter. I like press but today. Can we have you? So I have my soft music in so I don't kill myself. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Toma. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Fuck my head, Florence. Good job, dude. That was really good. Good job. My best student and my son. Thanks, Florence. I had you. I had you. Did an anacons skyrocket in the head? Or daddy. You just like you. That's the way. Yeah. It's good. Charlie, how was your leg workout? Oh. It was fantastic. The is the stimulus for week one. Got a really good pump. Don't feel too beat up. Don't feel like you had over here. I feel good. I was watching a adult video. One's called plastic fantastic. Toma. It was late sexual. I don't know. Maybe. Definitely. Jared, how was your leg workout? Fuck. Good. But hard. You're sweaty. Can we let it off? Okay. Folks, my leg workout was good. Not amazing. Pretty good. Actually, really good. Not fantastic. I've ever part of the leg workout was being right about everything. There's not your favorite part about everything. All right. Yes. Yes. Anyway. I'm so sure. So happy. All right. And I'm and I'm. We'll catch you guys next time. Oh, wait. Like, subscribe, comment. Ah, fucks white. YouTube. You fuck. Fuck to. See you guys. Memberships. If you want to be a member, you get cool shit. A new video every week that every man else doesn't get. So, holler. It's actually the joint buttons. All right. Down there. Going. Boom. Boom. Haha.