Some people claim that high reps toned the muscle instead of bulking it. Another one you might have heard is that high reps increase muscle definition by etching in the detail. High reps help you sweat out more fat. Those reasons are all non-reasons. For why you should consider doing some slightly higher reps during a fat loss phases, then during your muscle gain phases or maintenance phases. However, there are actually good reasons. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength and High reps are better for cutting. What is it like a hook? Is this a myth? Nope, I actually mean this. Here's what I'm saying. When you are in a fat loss phase in your physique training, you might want to consider biasing your rep ranges a little bit more into the 10 to 20 range or even the 15 to 20 range and bias it a little less on average and most lift away from the 5 to 10 rep range and especially away from the 3 to 5 rep range. Now you've probably heard this before, high reps are better than cutting type of stuff. And you might have even heard of a few reasons why, but the problem is that many most of the reasons you've heard before are total BS nonsense. There are good reasons that exist. Most of the reasons you've heard are the bad reasons. So let's look at some of the common ones that are just non-starters. First, let us know in the comments if you've heard these before, or even heard some that we're not going to list here. Some people claim that high reps toned the muscle instead of bulking it. Here's what toning is. A reduction in fat which occurs outside of the muscle, or an increase in muscle size or some combination of both. There is nothing that happens to the muscle per se other than growing it or shrinking it that is anything like toning. It's a magical transmutation of muscle or fat. It's a real simple. There's two tissues, muscle and fat, decreased fat, increased muscle, that's toning. Some combination of those two. Toning is not a thing that you do with different reps. It's a barely even a cogent concept. Bulking a muscle versus toning a muscle is some shit they told women in the 1990s so that it didn't get scared away from lifting weights. Another one you might have heard is that high reps increased muscle definition by carving the strations in there. Scott, have you heard that one etching in the detail? Oh yes, there is absolutely no mechanism by which this happens. If you strip away the fat your muscle is exactly as straight as it will ever be it can just get bigger or smaller. And why wouldn't low reps etch the strations, which isn't a thing, any better than high reps, it's nonsense from start to finish. If someone tells you this in the gym, just smile and not go, dough, I quit that hard you feel me and you walk that L away forever from that very nice person. Another thing that some of these that I was reviewing and I sent a chatchupetean a fact-finding mission to tell me some other stuff from its huge corpus of training and some of these I'm like, whoa, I haven't heard these in a long time but I absolutely remember hearing them as far back as in the 90s. Some people still talk in that ish. High reps keep the muscle smaller and more compact so that you don't get bulky. Here's the problem with that. We have unbelievably convincing research to show that anywhere between five reps and about 30 reps as long as the set gets close to failure cause exactly the same amount of muscle growth set for set. So if you're doing high reps and Scott, I've legitimately seen women do like very hard sets of 15 and then straight up tell me after that they don't want to get bulky that's why they don't do sets of five which is like it is especially funny thing to see. I'm just you know because I'm trying to encourage female hypertrophy and I'm like yeah for sure try my reps to 15 and you'll definitely not really your quads anymore and then I go to the bathroom, I think about large female quads, I take out my you know what and I do you know what to that now. If you think in that you know what is something inappropriate you are sick and you need serious attention. You need to go read scripture. You know I'm saying read you the Quran of the Torah or the New Testament. Scott what other other religious books can you read if you're a bad person and you'd help? Pretty good. Pretty good. Yeah yeah you sicko. Another one you hear a bunch is high reps harden the muscle. You guys the muscle again almost all the change is a muscle gets a bigger or smaller. The directions of the fibers can shift but that is microscopic. Hardening the muscle is not a thing. If you get leaner the muscles look harder. If you have more androgens the muscle actually feels harder but like we're not talking about steroids here folks we're talking about high reps. The funny thing is about this one is that a lot of people say heavy weights and low reps harden the muscle and then they talk about Scott if you're a herd of muscle density. You ever hear that like man that guy's got really dense muscle. What does that mean? How? How is that possible guys? It's muscle is muscle is muscle. The density thing is just dead on a rival. Another one and this one was one of those chatchipy t ones where I was like wow I haven't heard this in a while. This is definitely a real thing real human say. High reps help you sweat out more fat. You guys sweat is water and electrolytes. There's no fat on your sweat. You don't sweat out your fat. Scott could you imagine the Jim clothing laundry situation if that was actually the case? That would be sweet. Oh my god why go work out just getting the sauna and sweat the fat right out? God that would be awesome. It would make any mechanistic sense but we can pretend. Although hot and heavy sex would be kind of weird. Or uh I mean you solve the loop problem sort of. Do you take your hand? Ugh. squeegee her back. Ooh I want that out of my head. Thank you for that now everyone can you welcome tune in from more knowledge something and one that has a little bit of truth but not nearly enough truth to make a difference is that high reps burn more calories and the calories come from fat and thus you get leaner and you're cutting so hey might as well. The thing is is that low reps sets and high reps sets burn such a tiny time. In almost industry we should be different amount of calories because a critical low reps sets sets of eight you guys the recovery demand for a hard set of eight is massive and high reps do burn more calories but it's the equivalent of like half a banana for a whole two hour lifting session. It just basically doesn't show up in the nap balance and lifting weights is just not the greatest cardio compared to you know cardio and the number one way that you burn calories is just a calorie deficit from your diet anyway. Get you your 10,000 to 12,000 steps a day. Get you your hardcore training the point of training is to stimulate anti-catabillism which is low prevention of muscle loss and to stimulate muscle growth. That's why you train even during a cot that's the only reason you're training. Don't get into the gym unless you're just in there for general fitness but if you want elite levels of muscle growth and elite levels of leanness don't start pretending that your weight training workout has anything to do with burning calories that is for your diet and your overall activity and that's the best way to leave it. You don't want to kind of poison the situation. It's like using your like sedan also as a truck so you like put gravel into the back seats when you need to. It mixes up the two things they don't need to be next. If you don't have a lot of time you can both put gravel into your back seat and use your lifting for cardio as well and that's totally cool. But if you're looking for optimal outcomes you got to make sure the weight stick to the muscle growth situation and the muscle loss prevention and the caloric deficit from your diet and helpful caloric deficit from your 10 to 12,000 steps a day or whatever other cardio modality you want to do regularly that's really what's going to cause the most difference there. So those reasons are all non-reasons for why you should consider doing some slightly higher during a fat loss phases then during your muscle gain phases or maintenance phases. However, there are actually good reasons not a ton of them but these are reasons that are compelling enough for me to make a whole video for you guys and for Scott and Max to edit it in a whole thing because it does make a difference at the margins and you probably should be doing slightly higher reps during your fat loss phases. Here are some of the most convincing reasons. When you are using lower loads, lighter weights which in order to get close to failure you have to do for higher reps to keep the sets effective, you have less acute injury risk. On rack your 5 RM from the squat from the bench in the deadlift etc. weighted pull up the your probability of getting hurt during any one of those sets is way higher than if you un-rack your 15 or your 20 RM period. That does not mean the absolute risk of injury is high any to one of those cases. Good technique, well-controlled, accustomed sets of 5 are very safe. They're safe for them almost every sport you could ever play unit of time for unit of time spent in the gym. But comparing apples to apples, heavier weights have a more likely probability of getting hurt acutely that is in the set how you're playing something and then that's it. You're not training for two weeks, then lighter weights done for higher reps and it's just a matter of force transduction through tendons. It's just really not complicated. It's literally the same mechanism by which asking the question of like, hey, if you get into a car accident at 15 miles an hour, what's the probability you're really hurt versus if you get into car accident at 30 miles an hour or 45 miles an hour, just more acute force means higher probability of something catastrophic happening. And again, this isn't car accidents, this is lifting very low absolute risk. But the relative risk is absolutely higher. Good God, I should have said that. It's a stupid way. It's got the relative risk is absolutely higher. Good job, Mike. The relative risk is definitely higher for heavier weights than for lighter weights, for lower reps than for higher reps. And with lower loads used for higher reps, there's less chronic wear and tear on your connective tissues because your connective tissues heal slower than your muscles do. Your tendons and the appernorosis that connects your tendons to your muscles take on damage as well as your muscles do, but muscles are very well profused with blood flow, tendons not nearly as much. And for a few other reasons, tendons in a connective tissue between the tendons and the muscle takes longer to heal between bouts of training and accumulates more damage over time than muscles. Now, if you were in a blocking phase or maintenance phase, you have plenty of food and plenty of rest, your fatigue isn't sky high. And you're generally able to recover from low reps just fine. But when you are in the end of a fat loss phase, especially your ability to recover from multiple traumatic events, which low key training is kind of a little bit low key trauma, is substantially reduced. And thus, your probability of accumulating more wear and tear doing sets of five to eight is higher than doing sets of 15 to 20. It's one of this Scott, you've done plenty of lifting. Do you know that like perceptive feel of like sets of 15 to 20 really mess up your muscles, but your joints largely feel okay, whereas sets of five to eight also mess up your muscles, but your joints are like, they're in for some shit. Yeah, mine really take a beating from that rep range. 100% I think kind of everyone's do. One of the trends lately that has kind of of profused TikTok is claiming that sets of like three to six or four to eight reps are like the only effective thing for training. And when, you know, people are like, why would you ever do anything more than that? It's like, have you tried doing a high volume program, which is to say the program that grows the most muscle, same thing with sets of Scott, can you imagine if I told you, hey, man, we're going to get you an training study, whole body five days a week, 12 weeks, every single lift is going to be in hard in the four to eight rep range. I would not people looking forward to that. You might not be walking out of that three weeks later, everyone's like Django blocks on the ground. Now, of course, if you're not a strong, if you're a specially resilient, anything between the two, it's not a big concern. But at the margins of the extremes, it absolutely does matter. So the acute injury risk is also modified by fat loss phase in an interesting way, because I just said lower loads have lower acute injury risk. But what the hell does that have to do with bulking and cutting? During bulking, it's more likely you'll get hurt from heavier weights. During cutting, it's more likely you get hurt from heavier weights. So like what gives, why are we separating the two? Because a higher fatigue state is a known thing that has to happen during a fat loss phase because extra calories bring down fatigue. This higher accumulated degree of fatigue has many consequences, some of them very subtle, and one of the most interesting findings in sports science is that athletes who exhibit a high level of fatigue lose a bit of motor fluidity, gross motor fluidity, their athleticism is lower. They have butter fingers, and their movements aren't as fluid and they don't make the micro adjustments to make the movement have as good of technique. If you're going light and high rep, all right, whatever, fine, not ideal technique, a little bit of a jumpy cut-out situation, no big deal. But if you're using heavy weights and you're doing lower reps, and your technique is off even a little bit, it could be a bad, bad deal. So generally the idea is you want to lift your heaviest when your fatigue is the lowest because you'll do the best performance and because your probability of injuries going to be lower. If you have a higher degree of fatigue than the real situation is that if you go heavier, you'll probably be okay. But because you're less athletic, and your technique isn't a smooth, the probability that you'll make enough of a technique faux pas to cause an acute injury goes up, not by a lot, but here's the thing, towards the end of the fat loss phase. That's when shit really matters. That's when you don't want to break your heart and maintenance phase, whatever you take some time off, you get back on, nothing happened. Your fat loss phase, you're going to go in a cruise with your friends, you're going to be swollen, sexy in the gym, you're going to be getting ready for a wedding, you're getting ready to her for a photo shoot, you're getting ready to step on stage. That's a really, really bad time to get hurt. And so if you know that you grow and maintain the same amount of muscle with higher reps as lower reps, but you know that lower reps have, by this mechanism, a slightly higher chance of getting you hurt. Why would you take that chance? There are good reasons to do it that you just love vibing and going for low reps, so they really are better for you on an individual basis for that muscle, even for your whole body. And that's cool. But all things being equal for the average person just take the easier road and you're much less likely to get hurt and that's a really, really good thing. High and low, low training caused the same muscle gain and anti muscle loss stimulus. So you lose nothing by doing slightly higher reps and there is, there are two other reasons, there are a little bit compelling for why you should consider higher reps. One of them is that you get better pumps out of average from higher reps. Now that doesn't really mean that you're going to be growing much because tension makes up for the pumps a no big deal. But that's why it sets a five and sets a 30 caused roughly a cool or high purge of ease. That's a 30 caused more metabolite accretion and more pumps and then they grow you more, but the tension stimulus is less. So that start stuff makes you grow less. Those two cancel out and it's basically roughly the same amount of growth from sets a 30, sets a five. You don't get as big of pumps, not as many metabolites, but the tension is really psychotic, so you end up having roughly the same hypertrophy. No big deal. But when you're in a fat loss phase and you're getting higher reps, you're getting more baller pumps which makes you look cool and then you feel cool and then you are cool and then all of a sudden you have cigarettes and sunglasses and you're the man, no wait. But somewhere at that point and actually Scott did you know that cigarettes smoking literally reduces how big of pumps you get? That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Like, boy is that the best argument that you should tell kids that anti smoking education like your pumps are going to be worse and they're like, I'm never smoking again. But you look real cool. So I don't know. That's a sound. And then the kid raises his hand and he's like, well, I still look cool if I don't have a pump and you're like, well, you won't kid. You little bitch and then he's like, there's no way I'm showing up to the club. Well, I might tank top on. Actually Scott, did you know that most clubs don't allow guys to wear tank tops? Yes, and a lot of restaurants as well. Ask me how I do that, Mike. By trying to get into restaurants with me while I would tank top and we're not allowed to go in. Yes. But you know, the club thing is actually asked a bouncer about it once and he's like, it's honestly when you let guys with tank tops and like like wife beaters, into clubs, it like their male, male sizing dynamic leads to way more fights. Is that crazy? Do bounce, bounceers? If you guys are really quick side tension, if you ever have the opportunity, like if you know any bouncer is that are super cool or you meet them and you chat with them a little bit, asking them about stories and about like, hey, what do you think about human nature, especially when people are drunk, Scott, like, and you don't even have to do this on YouTube. There's like bouncer stories, like there's tons of channels and tons of interviews, gold, solid gold. His amounts are sea people that they're best and they see people that they're worst and they see a lot of people. It's fascinating. In any case, don't smoke cigarettes, kids. But when you get better pumps on average towards the end of a fat loss phase, you look cooler and that just gives you this awesome vibe. First of all, it's kind of why you lift us to get awesome pumps in the gym and also when you're lean, the pumps look the best and also it keeps you more motivated to do more sets to do each set harder and to come in for more workouts because at the end of a fat loss phase, if you guys have ever gone there and you're like, stop getting really good pumps, it kind of just takes the wind out of your sales and you're like, I think I'll stop cutting now. This feels like shit. You eat some food, you get some carbs, you get amazing pumps, you're like, howly at bulk season. But if you do some high reps, when you're doing your fat loss phase, then all of a sudden, like you still get pretty decent pumps and you're able to dig more and lose more fat, the whole process gets better. And then one last worry, one last actual reason why higher reps can be a good thing when you're in a fat loss phase. When you have a caloric deficit that is substantial enough to get you leaner and lasts for a substantial amount of time, weeks and months. And in addition to that higher fatigue from just having that caloric deficit and having to stay there for a while, by both caloric deficit mechanism and independent fatigue mechanism, what ends up happening is your muscle fibers convert over that course of the fat loss phase slightly into their slower twitch variants from faster twitch to slower twitch, which means two things. One, your ability to lift for strength, your ability to progress in the lower reps, putting on weight on the bar, declines. That sucks. Progression wise, it can throw you off, but really you just do more volume in your fine, but motivation wise, it can really throw you off. So, yep, another workout here of getting weaker can't wait till next week when I lose even more strength. And someone's like, yeah, but under the hood, you're not losing muscle. And you're like, yeah, it does not exactly get me excited. However, there is an unbelievable golden fleece lining there. The golden lining there, the silver lining golden fleece, I screwed up every single one of those analogies, is the following that when you are converting, inevitably, you don't have a choice in this if you're doing high volume training and you're doing a caloric deficit for an extended period time, you will convert the fibers a little bit from faster twitch to slower twitch every single one of your fibers does. As that's happening for you, your slow twitch fibers are better at endurance. And the more slow twitch they get as you train them, the better they are at doing reps. And because we have actually researched that I was a part of publishing to really good data to show that increasing reps over the course of multiple months, so long as you don't get way over 30 reps, causes the same overload stimulus and growth as increasing weight on the bar. You have a big unlock. If during a fat loss phase, you go from doing sets of 10 with the same weight to doing sets of 15, it gives you both progression and higher reps. And you're able to add reps during a fat loss phase for two reasons. One, your fibers are slower twitch and they're literally have more endurance. And more endurance every week. And in addition to that, as you shrink down your fat stores, you get more endurance because the systemic drag of your fat ass on the rest of your body declines. You guys have noticed how in a peak bulk, thick boy phase, you do a set of 10 on the leg press and you're throwing up in your out of breath, whereas at the end of a cut when you're nice and lean, you do a set of 15 on the leg press and you're like, oh, I can just do another set in 30 seconds. No problem. Those two factors combine to make progression on weight, adding weight week after week after week in your fat loss phase, really hard in demotivating. But progression on reps might actually be so good that it counter balances that high fatigue state. It might even counter balance the muscle loss so that it's least psychologically, you're continuing to hit PRs or at least not losing strength. Because of that, rep progressions and because you're better at higher reps, choosing to do higher reps or even increase your reps as the cutting phase progresses is a very swell idea to consider. Now the last thing I'll say here is this. I want you guys to take this advice, like every single piece of advice we ever give on this channel or any other place. I talk about stuff. I don't know if you guys know this. Have a whole other channel on YouTube. It's just called Mike Isrertel. And sometimes call it Mike Isrertel making progress. And it's just like, oh, Scott, we were like 170 K followers or subscribers. And I just talk about like life advice and philosophy and AI and science and all the other BS that I don't know anything about, but I can't stop yapping. So there I am on the channel. It's good to ask them, are you all fall asleep to or trust me? You will fall asleep to it really well. Everything I ever say, I want you guys to take in a nuanced way. Very few, if not any absolute. I would have been an absolute if I said that. So what do I mean in this context? If you like going heavier by all means go heavier, if you stay safe with good technique and you progress gently by putting two and a half pounds on the bar of the reek instead of five like usual during bulking, you lose nothing and you're going to be great. But consider just consider going a bit lighter, maybe not such a 10, but set's a 15, just something like that. And higher reps on cuts aka fat loss phases, more so than on bulks. You might benefit and you will lose nothing. Because after the cut is over, you can get right into a bulk after a little bit of active rest and start getting the weights going and increasing and starting to drop the reps and all that really good stuff. And the way you can make all that super fluid and super easy is by using the RP high purtrophy app. It's a link in description for that. It's awesome. I use it every single day that I'm training and sometimes I'll just look at how pretty it is on my day off. Guys, I've been Dr. Mike. Thank you for tuning in and I will see you next time.