Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for our science puritization, and today's topic is the endless infinity war between machines and freeweights which ones grow muscle best, and I'm here to put a complete stop, and to this war, I'm that hippie girl running out in front of the tent going stop fighting everybody! Maybe I'm cooler than that analogy. In any case, machines versus freeweights for getting jacked is a false controversy. Doesn't actually exist? Whoa, inception. Let's talk about why that is. The framing of the question of our machines or freeweights better for games is already wrong. It is similar to asking in a normal average job should we hire men or women for this position? What? Shouldn't we be hiring whoever is most qualified for the job? Oh yeah, that's right. Econ 101. So in the same sense, if you have to ask machines or freeweights for muscle growth, you're asking the wrong question altogether. The real question is, which exercises can I choose and I don't care what time of exercises they are that will best grow my muscles? Now that's the real question. So we'll spend the rest of this talk answering that question because that's an important question to ask. Here's the thing. The way we get down to selecting the exercises that are best for getting jacked for a specific muscle group is with a series of filters. We start out with every exercise literally just straight up known to man to exist inside of a gymnasium and we apply one by one the seven seven training principles. And if you want to know what they are, here they are, but if you really want to dig into them or book the scientific principles of hypertrophy training as all of them and they're described and beat to death over 200 whatever odd pages. Each training principle is applied to this set of exercises. And every time we apply the training principle, it knocks a bunch of the exercises off as nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, and only a smaller fraction remain. Then we apply the next training principle and it knocks out a bunch that don't meet the muster and the circle of exercises gets smaller and smaller and smaller until we have just a few exercises which are our best and then we can use those. So here are the training principles. Let's go through an example to see how this would work. And if you really want to be able to do this yourself super quick, like I'll do it here, scientific principles of hypertrophy training. The link to buy stuff is in the description, across money, but on the other hand my butlers need to be paid every month the insist on the money. But you guys get to work for me, I say, this is if I said nothing at all. They still hold out. I pay them in tips only because of high pay butlers. I sell a lot of tax receipts for tips. In any case, I digress. Here we go. First training principle, the most important and the most inclusive is specificity. So if you are trying to get an exercise that builds your chest, bulky, picks, yum. All non-chest exercises are gone because you have squats, leg presses, curls, bench press, incline dips, base state, everything else goes away. Well, that makes it pretty easy. So now we're just now in to exercise. This is actually the chest. Awesome. Next we apply the filter of the overload principle. Everything that doesn't quite give us a very good overload is gone. So that one like you hang off a bench and you just do like the cable thing with one arm and barely feel anything. Nothing's happening. That's gone. Not overloading enough. You need exercises that have a high raw stimulus magnitude. I said raw weird. I said it like a New Yorker. Raw. Hey Scott the video guy. You have a new raw before with someone. You just tell him what you feel. Yeah. Oh god. I shouldn't have asked that shit. He's probably raw right now. Sick. In any case, Ross didn't be the most magnitude. It's basically some way to figure out how much this exercise really stimulate muscle growth. If he gives you an amazing pump without doing a trillion sets, if you can feel the tension ripping your pecs apart, if higher reps give you a psychotic burn right in the chest. If you're sore for days after, just do in a few sets, that's a good side. Because there's some exercises you're doing. I don't know what that. I guess I know this technically trains my chest, but it sucks. So you take about top 10 of chest exercises. You see, these are the top 10 that really fuck me up. Great. Our list is just now down to about 10 exercises. Then we rank them again on fatigue management, which is to say we pick the exercises that have the best stimulus to fatigue ratio. So all the exercises that work best yet, fuck 10, let's say 20 or 30 of the best exercises. Because there are of Jesus Christ. There's an infinite number of chest exercises. Which of those give you the least systemic fatigue? Like be you up a shit load to where like, I don't want to do this any arched benching. Super heavy power lift your style can really beat that ass a little too much so that you're like, still so on your lower back for squat the next day. Maybe that's not the best exercise. Stimulus 15 ratio style. Exercises that are just don't suck the soul out of you as much. And specifically exercises that are friendly towards your joints are friendly or towards your joints. So if you have some kind of incline barbell bench thing you do, you just tears your shoulders a thunder like fuck that. But if you have a dumbbell press that you're like, oh, this actually feels great. It ranks above. So now exercises that are on the state bottom third of SFR, they're just not going to run your use. So yeah, they're super stimulative, but they beat us up too much. So no thanks. So now we got maybe 15 exercises so that are still in the running. Now we start with like thousands. We're down to 15 not bad and just a couple training principles, but wait, there's more. Next is SRA stimulus recovery adaptation. All one principle. It's the idea that you train, rest recover and repeat. That's all the principal size. You got a train and then wait, tells shit happens that you actually started in training, like muscle actually grows mobile law. And then when you recover, you hit it again. So there's a selection there in the context of your program. Let's say you have a Monday, Wednesday, Friday, chest routine. Friday, you can pick some movements that take a while to heal because you have two days of rest. But on Monday and Wednesday, you might want to be like, oh man, I want to fucking the super deep fly dumbbell fly. There are really rips my pecks open. But shit, if I do that on Mondays with any kind of volume that's decent, have a heal by Wednesday and I won't heal by Friday. So I'm going to save the flies for Friday, but right now I'm picking Monday exercises, flies are out, camera barbenches out, and everything stays in those just really, really fuck me up so that jump is not going to heal or like this exercise is great for my pecks. But I got triceps the next day and it hits my trice too much or hits my shoulder during too much and I'd love to recover for tomorrow. So no thanks. So some of this is a sequencing issue. So you have like 12 exercises. Now you're maybe down to like 10 or something like that. Next up is variation. Variation cuts out two exercises for us or two groups of exercise. One exercises we just did recently that we're super stale with. Because somebody else could look at this list for you and they make it in your very good. Okay, in climb double press. Yes, and you're like, I know I just did it for like three months and I'm just like fucking tired of the shit. Okay, that goes. And then exercises you're thinking of saving for a very a mesocycle like the next meso where the next two mesos ahead. You let's see your planning out of fat loss phase and the last mesocycle in that fat loss phase, you really want to do deficit pushups because they really pump up your pecks like crazy. They take very little setup. You're super tired from your diet and you just a huge stimulus and you just love it. You're just like, damn it. At the way I look, I love taking pictures down on my fat loss phase. That's as it put your hips have to be in. So that if it's phase one of three fat loss phases or sorry, the first month of fat loss phase, then you're going to be like, ooh, deficit pushups. Ah, I don't want to get stale on them by then. I'm going to save them for the last month. So that one goes as well. That comes to your list even a little bit more. Exercise is that already stale or exercise you want to save for a little bit later. Next is phase potentialiation. This is a very advanced. You can just skip this one if you're like, what the fuck? But very, very neat and gritty. As you go through the training phases, let's say you just did an active rest phase. Your muscles are super super ready to be trained and they're super sensitive to growth and they're sensitive to damage. It's totally fine to pick an exercise that doesn't have a lot of eccentric loading, like a kind of a rusty machine and it doesn't have a huge amount of tension at the stretch. It's one of those like at the bottom, you don't feel a ton, but at the top it gets a little harder. That exercise is totally fine for you to pick right after your active rest phase because you're super sensitive to growth anyway. It'll for sure hit your chest good enough. But that same exercise mesocycle three of your training phase, two mesocycles in, you might have to do like eight sets to feel anything. And by then your elbows are off of your body. Whereas exercises that are super eccentricly demanding and ones which have exposure to a really big deep stretch, they're the ones that are super effective in mesocy one. But so effective, you might have to do like a set of that exercise to start with. That's kind of stupid. I'm doing a set of camberbar bench in mesocy one. I'm doing eight sets of machine press in mesocy three to give the same effect. The fact like why don't I just flip them shit's over? Do three or four sets of that not so great machine, but good enough because I'm not super trained yet to mean that sort of thing. Like I'm just good enough for me now. I'm really detrained after the active rest phase. It's good enough now. And then later when you're you know tail end of whatever phase you're doing with a couple mesocycles in you're like, alright, now I'm more resistant type of hypertrophy. Now I need the big guns. Then you do the camberbar bench press which is super eccentric control, alter deep stretch. It fox you out, but you're already pretty well trained. So it's not overboard. You don't just do one set and go home because otherwise you get two sore. Three or four sets. There's a symmetry there. It's really awesome. These exercises obviously you have to move them around to get them to the right place-based tension wise, which means in any given phase some of them are like, how I'm going to save you for later and this one not quite ready and this one perfect. Right? So we're cartels again. Here we go. Let me tell you guys about the RP high-perchrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app you can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they were written by e-personal. This app programs everything for you. Exercise is weights sets, reps, frequency, the whole thing. After every single workout and every single week the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input we have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now you're pretty interested in the app download the RP high-perchrophy app today. After the six training principles you're supplied you may be down to like three to five exercises remaining all of them at roughly equal on stimulus to fatigue ratio so they're all fucking great. All of them are up to the task. All you have to do is just pick your favorite whichever one you want or flip a coin that has three signs and go and that's all you ever need to do about picking exercises. What about machines versus free weights? I'll give this shit. Comments? Questions below? Like, subscribe, consider our members area. It's got really fun videos in it. It's just more like your science stuff. But we're not only fans quite yet but maybe and last question for you should I start our only fan and then if I should what should I put in there? It's feed isn't it? Sick bucks. I'll see you next time.