Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSATS Predization. Welcome back to the Targeting the Muscle Series where we take traditional exercises and sometimes not so traditional and help you find variations and techniques that light a target that target muscle better. Stimulate the target muscle better. That's what I should have said. Today the target muscle is the side delt, probably also the trap and the exercise is the upright row. Now I will be demoing using a barbell upright row but this basically applies all these tips basically apply to if you do it with easy bar. If you do it with dumbbells in any cases and definitely with a cable so let's get to it. All right tip number one is hand position and here's the tip play with a bunch of positions, see which ones feel best on your shoulders, on your elbows, on the actual side delts. There are many options. Some people, leaders that may be, actually prefer a closer grip. Some folks prefer a really wide grip and a lot of folks prefer something in the middle. You have to play with all of these grips before you right off the upright row is no good. I had a training partner once. His name is Aaron Thomas. That would follow him on social media. He benefited most from an ultra close grip which I thought was insane. His my shoulder would fall off and I did a medium grip a little wide and I thought that was great and if he tried it he wouldn't be able to do it at all. We were trained partners. We had the same basic program and everything. We were built a little bit different and that meant we did wildly different grips. Give that a shot. You might find a grip after a while that's like oh my god this is amazing one of the other grips just didn't work all that well. Next tip. Sometimes this works. Leading with the elbows. There's a temptation rope right rows to just pull the bar. Just up. It an ends up being this weird reverse curl thing where your elbows are below your hand and that's a little strange. Yeah there's some translocation some side delton ball and on a ton. What's better is no matter the implement you have is to try to lead up with the elbows. Now at the very top you can absolutely do one of these but at least from here to here you are your elbows to rise first. That can really put you in touch with that side delton. Get things going as a postly just trying to get the way it up anyway you can that might not work out as well. What height should you pull to really depends on what your shoulders can handle? Elbows can handle and what hits the muscle the best. There's a little bit of a trade-off. An average for folks hitting the muscle the best often comes only at the luxury of a high degree of safe mobility. Here's what I mean. Not such a great way to hit the dose. Is this you just pull to the sternum to hear and back down. That being said pulling to the sternum is totally fine. It can work great and if that's the only thing first of all if that works best lights up your side delts, amazing. If anything else hurts your shoulders or elbows don't do it just stick to this. That's one option. The next option is to pull to the clavicle which is just you know right above your chest that works too. There are more options you can pull to the eyes. You'll have to flick your wrists up just a little bit to do that in most cases but you get a crazy wrong. So you pull to the eyes and back down elbows get really high feels great. Generally the higher you pull the more side delts involvement there is. If your shoulders can take it I recommend you pull higher. Here's the bonus round one courtesy of Dr. James Hoffman. Pull to above the face. You start out here. Slow that eccentric. Go up and slow that eccentric. Huge, huge stimulus. Honestly guys 45 pounds or so for me is working weight for sets of like 15 to 20. Fucking hard demo. Do you get it all the way up here and slow that eccentric down. You're going to fire up your side delts. If your shoulders are hanging don't worry don't go that high. As high as you can to get the best shoulder work every option is a perfectly good variant. Next tip controlling the eccentric is huge. It is so, so tempting to do upright rows of every kind machine barbell dumbbell and just ugh do this. It's good the concentric is working but the eccentric a lot of times if you don't write it out you miss out on that amazing stimulus. Lower the weight. Your boy is dealing with a fucking empty bar here. Come up to wherever you come up. Slow that eccentric from the very top. Do you want to come up? Slow it. Fucking is awful. Oh, I can already feel my side delts. If you can't feel your side delts with this shit. I ain't enough for you. But on a serious note give that slow eccentric a try. No one will weigh up slow it until it gets to here. Then fast slow. Slow, slow until just about this mark here. Give it a shot. It might work wonders. Final tip for trying to get upright rows to hit your side delts and maybe your traps a little better is to actually bend over a little bit. So some folks they prefer standing up straight. Give you good side angle here and do an upright rows. Now dancing wrong with that but some people get a little bit more if they lean over like maybe 10 or 15 degrees. Bend at the hips the bar hangs lower. You come like this and all of a sudden you might be feeling a whole bunch of crap in your shoulders that you weren't feeling and sometimes for some people. It's significantly less stress on their elbows and on their shoulder joints. So that might be a big winner. Now you'll have to use like 50% of the normal weight 60% maybe. So get ready for a huge ego hit. But we're not in the gym to get egos. We are in the gym to build muscles. Optimally no matter what it takes. So that once we have big muscles we can be everywhere else grocery store airport picking up your kids from daycare and then you can have a fucking ego about the shit. Daycare instructors like oh my god your arms are so big you look yes what if they are. All right folks when you're done flexing random preschool teachers what you can do is throw some comments below on which exercises you want us to talk about how to hit the target muscle. Whatever is troubling you I can't feel my triceps on you know cable pushed out. We've got some answers. I was going to say we have the answers and that's a whole bunch of egos who bullshit makes our goddamn sense. We're trying our god damn best. How about that? Throw them in there and let us know we will get to every reasonable exercise that I'm competent at doing. If you like Turkish get ups or some shit I don't even know what the fuck that is. We'll get to it like comment subscribe and get some thought to joining our members area here's the benefit. We get more of your money. Here's your benefit. Oh wait shit that's right you got a crap load of exclusive content tons of videos come out early bunch of videos nobody else ever sees and your own almost exclusive Q&A were like we answer 14 of questions for members and like what and a half questions for non members. That's the real shit. Give it a shot. Oh and if you can't find the click join button get off your phone and get onto a PC. Sorry I didn't make you two that's just how it works. See you guys next time.