Hey folks, Dr. Mike here with Renaissance Periodization. Four Renaissance Periodization? Eh. Renaissance Periodization. Just saying, just saying the phrase. Today's tip is about how to maximize the effectiveness of your chest training, with a really cool cue that I use that is basically reaching out and up with your chest. So here's the deal. When you're doing chest presses of any kind, push ups, dumbbells, barbells, machines, rings, anything in between. What you're trying to do ideally, in most cases is really stimulate your chest as much as possible. Oh, my chest bounced at that. It's just getting excited. And it pays to make sure that when you're going through this difficult lifting and you're trying a lot and you bother to warm up and come to the gym and everything, you might as well maximize that technique to get as much stimulus for the pacts as possible. So it's not just a matter of moving the weights up and down. And the thing is, is if you lie down on a bench press or a machine or anything like that, you sit down and you sit down flat with your shoulders forward and you do some pressing, your anterior deltoids and your triceps, if you have certain genetics, especially can get in a lot of those stimulus, a lot of the work and actually become limiting factors. Such at every, after every single set of presses, you're kind of like, oh yeah, my pecs got a little bit, I think, but my fan adults are just pumped beyond belief. My triceps are already like shaky and almost sore now. What am I doing these presses for? And can I do presses in a way that maximally stimulates my chest? And the answer is yes, and here it is. The best technique for pressing for most people, barbell, dumbbell, machine, anything is as the machine or bar implement or whatever descends or as an push up you descend, you want to reach up and out with your chest. And a part of that up and out motion is going to have you retracting your scapula, a, your shoulder blades back. It's like one of my friends way back in high school termed the funky pigeon. It's like pigeons log around like this all the time. Oh, I just accidentally did a Greg DeSatron Prussian. Scott, the video I love that one. So if you put your chest up, stick it out by arching her back a little bit and then having your scabs back, as you descend, you've already pre-stretched your pecs, which means they're going to get a really big stimulus the deeper that you go. At the bottom of the movement, let's say that it's a barbell bench press for simplicity. You're thinking as much about lowering the bar to your chest at the very bottom, as you are with your hip stationary on the bench, no butt wiggling, reaching up with your chest as much as possible to meet the bar on the way down. It's not you bring the bar down completely. Most of the movement is, the very bottom interest, so you reach, you're already reaching the whole time. You reach extra really, get your chest up to touch the bar. That reaching pre-structures the pecs, while at the same time putting them as the most limiting factor position in the lift. What you want to think about is exposing your chest. If you come down like this and you're all contorted, your scabs are forward, your back is flat, your shoulders are front. Your chest is kind of pointed down, you're hiding your chest. If I was benching with an injury, I would do that. In fact, I used to have some really nasty pecs injuries back in the day, and still in some of my lifting, less and less now because my pecs are feeling pretty good. Still in some of my lifting, I'll intentionally pro-tracked, so as to keep stress away from my pecs because they get too stressed. But that's not your problem very likely. Your problem is you want the pecs to be extra stressed. You're literally putting them into the line of fire. Like when Superman is blocking bullets with his chest, you're like, man, I love old school Superman. Where he's like, man, I'll save you your name. Man, but then he was always polite. But you know what I'm saying? Bruce Wayne, aka Batman, sorry to get out your real identity. Unrelated, sort of related. He's late, bro. late 1920s, 30s, being a comic book superhero, sweet. Just get the slay all the time. Cat, woman, how's that for a list? In any case, Superman, expose his chest to the world and the bullets bounce off. You're the same way, except it's a barbell or dumbbells or whatever. And if you have dumbbells when you're coming out and around your chest, you want to stick your chest up as high as possible at the bottom, reaching for the sky slash ceiling, depending on if you lift indoors or outdoors, I suppose. And on the way back up, you have two options. Jared Feather would say, Mr. Ithby Pro Jared Feather, and I train partners. Man, when I have a training partner at all, he's my training partner. He would say try to maintain that arsenal of tractor position even through the press. I think that's totally valid. My other perspective, as I also think it's valid to once you've gotten to that bottom position, to just think about pressing. And if you get out of alignment a little bit and the little protraction, I'm not too worried about that. But what I am worried about concerned about attentive to, even better, is on the way back down to your reassert yourself. I think what Jared is doing is, on the way back up, he gets really great pack activation. Concentrics, not as important as each one, each one tricks, but still something. And then because he doesn't have to get out of position, he doesn't have to reassert. Now it's automatically started in the right spot. Some machine, some set up, some dumbbell stuff. You might have to get out of position a little bit at the top. So what you should learn to do is potentially do the movement dynamically. You set up arch, reach, and then as you press, you lose some of it, and then you set up an arch and reach, especially on a machine, you can do it more dynamically. In a barbell press, I would say probably just keep that archer tractor position the entire time. So, do you want to think about as a reaching, your chest up and out, scabs back as far as possible, to reinforce that to really open your chest up. You want to show as much of your pack to the world as possible. You don't want to hide it like this. You want to do this so that as much of it as shown as possible, so that you are in a proper leverage position to expose your pack to as much tension under load and tension, and a stretched position as possible. And then you are going to get a lot of the exercises. If you need an extra little bit of help for getting your chest in presses, for whatever machine you're doing, try to get a slightly wider grip. On a crazy wide grip, that usually doesn't pay off, and feels we have a shoulders, a little bit of a wider grip can help. Try instead of having your elbows by your sides to flare them out a little bit at the bottom, that'll hit the pex, carefully, slowly. And lastly, try to get it so that you pause at the bottom for a split second. But not pause when you unload the chest, pause under load. Just the bottom of the press, you're paused, and you're still full tension on the bar. One whole second or even two whole seconds, tears your shit up like crazy in the best possible way, and increases the probability that your pack's will be maximally stimulated. When you begin to do this, you will have a reduction in strength, corner quote, and your ability to lift heavy weights, because it is a new technique for you. As you get stronger or time, and as you learn and become comfortable with that technique, you realize that's actually all the technique all the power lifters use, and you'll be able to lift even more than ever. So expect a short-term reduction in how much you compress in all the pressing movements that you do, and then a long-term increase to weigh beyond anything you could do before. Stay safe, go down slow, use your technique, and I'll see you next time, and I'll definitely see you in the crowd, because your pack's going to be enormous. Folks, take care. See you next time.