Hey folks, it's Dr. Mike for Renaissance Parasization. Welcome to the Targeting Muscle Series. Today's muscle is the back muscle, plural. And the exercise is the barbell bent over row. We're going to give you a few tips and tricks to get you to feel the barbell bent row more in the part of your back that you want. Let's get started. Alright folks, so the first big tip for properly bent rowing and getting your back to actually get a hit is the practice of hinging into the movement versus bending into the movement. So if you just bend over, notice my rounded lower back and you do bent rows like that's cool. Your arms are moving, your back is ostensibly pulling them sweet. The problem is that as soon as you round your spine, two things happen. One, you're pulling muscles get much weaker because any time your back is rounded, the central drive coming from your brain through your spinal cord reduces because your body thinks it's not state nor safe. You can't literally row as much with your back if you round your back then if you keep your back flat. The second thing is that back rounding means that the spinal ractor muscles have to work for a much more stretched position and mechanically disadvantage of position. They have to try a lot harder to make sure you don't like pop your vertebrae out of your asshole or whatever they do if they turn off. So because your lower back muscles are always in a poor position, they tend to be the thing that gives out first. So if you're trying to train your spinal ractors at a lengthened isometric position while pretending to train your rest of your pulling muscles, that's a great way to bend row. Ideally what you want to do is give a challenge to your spinal ractors. Something they may not get on a chest supporter row, which also want to put them and the back into the most mechanically favorable position that allows all the other muscles to come close to failure and gives you a really strong launch point for being able to really contract those muscles. So instead of bending over, you shouldn't be event overall, being super-natic, you should be a hinge row. You do as you basically do this to flick a deadlift down to the bar. Notice my tummy's out. The back is nice and tight. I've hinged using my hips, not my back. My back is straight. My spinal ractors are strong. I grab the bar. And then rowing is easy as fuck and I can row hundreds of pounds and all of it is my back. Instead of just my spinal ractors, lats, ractors, ramblorns, traps, everything. With maximum load because they're strong and a strong position. Round it over, I'm nice and tight. Get that a phone. Alright, next tip. If you want to completely isolate and small muscles in your back, what you want to do is make sure that your scapulae don't protract or retract at all. Even though tons of back muscles that are fucking gnarly and awesome and big help to do that, and if you do that, those muscles grow and then you look like you're fucking tank. If you want the bent row to be like a really shitty version of a chest supported row, then by all means keep your scaps stable. You hear people on recommendation saying keep your scaps stable and rows. Boundless day. Thank you for your opinion. Kindly step the fuck out. A real bent over row uses all of the muscles in your back. That means that at the bottom, you're going to protract your scapulae and at the top, you're going to retract. It's going to happen naturally just because of the way you move. So instead of having a row, or nice and arched, and we do this, notice my arms are stopping at this weird point. Instead of that, watch what my shoulder blades do. Stretched at the beginning, come back, big stretch, a shoulder blades come forward every time. Notice my back is still arched. By doing that, you get your whole back involved. At some point, you're going to get your back so big. Friends will just no longer want to hang out with you. I just love you, Frank. You are great. You're back to big. The last tip was about allowing your scapulae to protract at the bottom. But if you allow your scapster protract and you start dropping your chest, there can be a lot of movement in the spine, which is sweet for a flatching row. But we're not trying to do a flatching row. We are trying to do a regular barbell row. If at the bottom, we focus on keeping our chest up while simultaneously allowing our scaps to travel forward, it stretches the living fuck out of your upper back and makes for an awesome hypertrophy stimulus. So, instead of bent rolling like this, where you'll notice the chest falls forward, what we do is arch our back nice and tight and begin with a chest super upright. I'm going to hold that position. Chest up, chest up, big stretch, chest up, fuck. Even with this demo weight, I feel my shit all fucked up. That folks is a good thing. What about grip width? Where do you want to grab? Here's the actual answer. There are tons of right answers and it all depends on two things. One is stimulus to fatigue ratio. Some people are built a certain way that when they grab here, they're going to feel an amazing stimulus to the back and the fatigue is going to be low. Some people are going to grab here. It's going to be vast. Some people are going to grab here and it's going to be vast. The other thing is variation. You may be used to grabbing like this for a few months, it gets stale. Now, you grab out here and it gets better. Try a bunch of different grip widths, even underhand, especially if you have an easy bar. You may find that it's all winners. Next, we're going to touch the bar. Just one simple rule. The closer the touch is this way, sternum chest, etc. The more of your upper back, especially rumbley, mid-trap musk of the shirt is engaged. The closer you touch towards your hips, the lower you touch, the fractionally more lat involvement you get, but you still get a bunch of that solution to. There's no correct answer here. You should just two different variations. So, if you're in a position where you're getting the bar here, then you touch right up to the chest, more upper back, even more rear delts. On the other hand, if you touch right into the hips, it's a bit more lat. There's no right way or wrong way, just know the stuff. So, when you're targeting whatever part of your back that you're targeting it with rows, which could be multiple parts, you do in the right variation or anywhere in that spectrum that gets you your goals. Checkmarked. What about deficits? Here's the rule with rowing. As long as your back is tight, and your arms are straight and stretched at the bottom, and you can still get that full stretch. It's the correct answer. If that occurs for you here, and a spine bend like there, or a hip bend like this, fine. Here, fine. Here, still totally cool. If you are flexible enough, regular plates may not allow you to get a full stretch at the bottom, and you may want a bit more of a bend because generally the further over you bend, the more of your mid and lower back can get hit. Versus if you just, if you bent over row right here, it's almost all upper back. So, you can do something like this. You can take one of these, a little hunky-dway rubber mats, push it under, step up, and let roll off of it. Totally fine. You can do many mats instead of using these kinds of 25. You can use the regular 25, which are smaller. Auto creates a deficit, no wrong answers. In my body building career so far, I've done 25 rows. I've done 35 rows slightly elevated. I've done regular rows all the time. Back when I started, I was so influxable. Even the regular handles, I couldn't, the regular size plates I couldn't touch the ground with. So, here's the thing. As long as your back is tight, and this is stretched, you're already doing it right. If you can slowly get down and get even deeper, on average it'll make it a little bit better, wherever ever go to a deficit, which requires you to round your back, or lose a huge fraction of how much weight you can left from the ground. Stick with those tips, folks, and you'll have such a big back. People on the street will come up to you and go, hey, I'm looking deal, but did you know the unit fucking huge back? We'd be like, hey, thanks a lot. And I'm Matt, and see you guys next time.