Hey folks, it's me, Dr. Mike, for NSW and on today's high-perchography myths series episode, we'll be talking about over-valuing the mind muscle connection. That is, mind muscle connection is more important than everything else. We'll talk about what the myth is. Talk about some of the good points it makes, some of the bad, which is why it's a myth, and a little bit of real talk at the end to make sure we're on the same page as to what actually works well. So, this idea that the mind muscle connection is ultra-altern important is not just something that we have observed, people sort of say they say it rather directly. This is something I've heard many times, read in muscle magazines, seen in YouTube videos, an Instagram post by professional bodybuilder sometimes, is that you have to focus on the muscle and don't worry about the weights or the reps. Another thing people say is bodybuilding is about making lightweight, seem heavy. It sounds like some voodoo, something cool. You're exactly why that's a good thing, but it has something to do with how your muscle is sort of exposed to the weight. And a lot of people will say, look, don't chase PRs. Don't worry about how strong you are, just make sure that you focus on the working muscle, and that's all you need. Now, there are some good silver linings in there. One is that a strong mind muscle connection properly done can enhance the muscle growth potential of a lift, specifically with respect to the muscle that you are focusing on. Like triceps and a skull crusher, for example. They're way too a skull crusher, we have no idea what the triceps is doing, that aren't ideal for triceps hypertrophy, but if you really clue in on the right stuff about what the tricep is doing, you can alter the technique and alter the execution of the lift, such that it actually helps triceps grow more. So there's definitely something there. In addition to that sort of expanding on it, your technique and an exercise can be really helped by paying attention to what the muscle is doing, not just moving from point A to point B. For example, if you do some kind of pressing movement on a machine, cable, dumbbells, barbell, whatever, if you just press up and down, that's cool. But you may feel like, oh yeah, like my pecs, if you pay attention to your pecs, you're doing it, okay, they're contracting, they're stretching fine. But if you arch your back and you retract your shoulder blades and then you do it press, you guided by my muscle will be like, wow, this really does seem to hit the pecs much more. In every single exercise, there are ways of slightly altering the movement that will give you more of a feel in the muscle that you're trying to work. And other ways that will give you less of one. And if you follow the technical hints at more of the ways that help the muscle work more, you're going to have a better time, you're going to be able to do more of the work for that muscle and get better results. By doing that, you're lifting the same weight, same reps, but you're doing it in a technique that is guided by the mind muscle connection by your perception of what's going on with a target muscle on the one extreme, it's like, I have no idea what I'm packs you're doing, don't care on the other hand, it's like your mind is in the pec, your brain is a giant pec. could've said that better. But on that end, if you allow the feeling of what really hits the pecs to determine your technique, you're going to end up with a technique that probably has a bigger stimulus to the target muscle. But because you may feel it less in your joints, because of that enhanced technique, you actually need fewer repetitions to get the job done and get close to failure, you may have less fatigue and more stimulus, better stimulus to fatigue ratio, that's a win, that's awesome. These are all great things. However, that's taking a very rosy approach to what exactly the mind muscle connection is and how it's supposed to be done. Here's the bad stuff. Most of the people that say things like the mind muscle connection is everything or it's super, super important. When they say mind muscle connection, they mean the bicep feels like it's moving and contracting. The muscle feels like it's moving and contracting, but that doesn't really mean a whole lot as far as the stimulus is concerned. Because mind muscle connection to be truly indicative of stimulus, of overload, has to be a go beyond simple movement and perception. After all, there is a way in which you can feel your biceps moving and contracting during a lat pull now. But your back does most of the work biceps do a small amount. It ends up being like, well yeah, the biceps definitely help. They definitely stretch and contract and you can focus on them during the pull down, because of the mechanics of the exercise, the back still does the majority of the work gets the majority of the stimulus. So, in reality, what you will do is if you really think feeling a muscle contract and stretch is the thing beyond all others that tells you you're doing a good job in the gym stimulating growth, you're going to end up doing like yoga or pilates and being like, now this is a real workout. Yoga will get you to feel every single muscle stretch you contract depending on the pose, but it doesn't grow much muscle because it doesn't push you hard. So, the real way to detect a muscle connection isn't to feel like, yeah, I feel my biceps during this. Anything you can feel your bicep, you can do curls with one arm and no curls with the other unloaded, no weight here, dumbbell here, like, yep, things are happening. Well, I definitely feel my bicep here too. So what is not even any weight in there. If you really do my muscle connection right. You have to use our method. We do have an RP method of defining and determining my muscle connection and that is two part one. Do you and to what extent do you feel tension in the target muscle? High tension, like, holy crap, my bicep is pulling like crazy. Both bones at which it's attached to and two is the burn, especially for higher ups that's towards the end. If your biceps are burning during a movement and you can feel a ton of tension during them through that movement. You do have a mind muscle connection, but it's all the kind that makes it likely that you're growing. Why? Because tension literally causes muscle growth and the burn is indicative of both getting close enough to failure to cause muscle growth. It's also indicative of the fact that that's for sure the muscle that's the limiting factor. And metabolites themselves are growth promoting, like the burn actually is a symptom of the kind of molecules in there that do turn on growth pass pathways like lactate for example. That's the way to do my muscle connection, not just oh, I feel this muscle. Feeling is nice, but again, if you go by feeling, you may end up doing a look all due respect, no offense. Was he asked, bikini workouts, were you get on the assisted pull up machine and you do that one leg like, stop bouncing, pedal push, and I got my god, I really feel my glute. Like yes, they are moving. How far from failure is that? This is even possible for you to mechanically load the glute enough where if you did you would stand up off the machine because it's by definition that machine set up less load than your body weight. If you so weak that body weight lunges don't work, course not, that's the kind of shit the mind muscle connection gets really wrong. It's not enough to feel your muscle working. It has to be working with a sheet load of tension through it and hopefully it higher reps a crap load of burn, no that's not that fun. But it's the right kind of mind muscle connection. The mind muscle connection of feeling the muscle work is how you get to a good technique fine, but then on top of that you have to layer in additions of load over the weeks and or additions of repetitions per set. You have to continue to make each set harder in a measurable way. Step one, okay, I know this works my packs. Step two, let's actually make sure I'm doing the work. If you don't do that second part, you'll do all kinds of cool flies and presses and you really feel it. You guys people will do that shit where they get on the machine sideways and they'll put the one arm on the shit that I can't make fucking pegs bro. Word up, how many reps do you do this week? How many last week? Well, looks like you underloaded. You have to progress. Thus the training sure absolutely you have to not have to. I'll take that back. It's better if you feel the muscle working than not. It's even better if you feel it highly tensed or highly burned. But within those contexts, you also have to make sure it's progressing. So when people say do just think about the muscle contracting in these cable curls. Don't worry about how many reps you're doing, how much load. That's good and well, if you're doing a warmupset or you're teaching the technique. But once you're doing the work sets, you got to grind and for a specific purpose and two specific point. I did 10 reps last week, this week, it's 11. I did 105 pounds last week, this week, it's 110. Something. So the my muscle connection doesn't predominate over everything. As a matter of fact, that core of good technique with load and reprogression is the thing. My muscle connection is something that will magic fairy dust you sprinkle on it. And the best flavor of magic fairy dust is tension and burn. A shitty not so great flavor is just feeling the muscle existing. Cool. But like you should be able to do that anyway, It's like being a human being and knowing where your body is in space. I'll book if I know anything about that. The best my muscle connection occurs when you perceive tension and burn. And you progress in load and reps with that technique that maximizes tension and burn with every single rep closer to failure. A lot of times people will start with a good technique, but then they'll kind of like try to get away from it because it's too much. They use their biceps at the time and the first couple of reps in their go. God, this hurts my biceps. I'm going to flam my elbows out a little bit and use some other muscles too. They can take the tension off the bice wrong. So my muscle connection use properly is not an alternative to the pain and the suffering that comes with pushing a set with excellent technique close to failure that lack of escape. My muscle connection is not an offer. My muscle connection is something that helps you stay in the lane. And make sure you're going as fast as possible down that highway of death and destruction that is a set very close to failure. So it's not so much. Oh, hey, listen, don't worry about the reps and load. Think about my muscle connection. It's actually a little bit different. It is hey. Goal reps and goal load are super fucking important, but every single rep you do had to better be tension and burn in the target muscle and thus we check both boxes. That is a really good idea. Real talk. Yes, the mind muscle connection people have a point. It is possible to push so hard for reps and load that you lose total touch of your muscles total touch from your technique and you're just moving around in space. Look, you can go to any gym in America and the world and see some guy benching and be like that's for his pex. Three, four, five reps, six reps. That's for his soul. That's for his ego. That's for his future injuries. That's for his ex girlfriend. Oh, and time to go save him because the shit goes from here. To this kind of shit. Guys trying to bring their leg up to bench with. That's for sure nonsense. Don't do that. Instead what you can do is during the warmups really try to feel which muscles are working. You won't get a ton of tension or a ton of burn because it's warmups. The time for that original old school style muscle connection is in the warmups. Set that technique. Begin to do repetitions with an appropriate load with the goal of hitting a mini PR relative to last session last week. And then as you do that, let tension and burn be your canaries in the coal mine. They're right. They fly in. Hopefully they fly back out. Let them guide you to how to make sure your technique stays on track. Yes, elbows in. I told myself that in all my fucking god, this tension is crazy. Ah, the burn blah, blah, blah, blah. Instead of oh, tension and burn. I don't want this pain. I'm going to let my elbows flare out. The best way to gain is critical. Set in stone hard fucking training with good technique. And then on top of that, the way you stay in good technique is monitoring your tension and your burn. And yes, there is a place in warmups for just feeling the muscle out to make sure your technique is really good. But at ends there, once the work set starts, all pain all day. You know, the real psychic kind of pain you don't ever recover from sleep and trying to go to bed at night and you just feel about set three men set three of hack squats hurt me in a way. Maybe I'll never recover from you know, but I'll be okay. But just never the same. No. Like kids playing with a balloon and let's go and he's like, my, my, my, my look up. You come up to the kid and you're like, you know, see that balloon? I'll come back with a part of me that I lost during hack squatting. And the lady's like, what the fuck are you doing talking to my kid, taser? And then you're out for the 50th time. That's why I don't hang out playgrounds. Anyway, like hit that like button, apparently YouTube likes it hit the subscribe button. If you're not yet a subscriber, if you are, hello, we need again. Hit the notification bell. Scott, the video guys that a thing we want people to do. Why not? Look, it's Dr. Mike and he's annoying and he's on your phone. And then we have a membership section. We get even more crazy nerd content in depth breakdowns. We'll never, ever, ever stop posting all the free shit on this channel that you love so much. You might never, ever, I mean, you know, like, see me and I'm getting killed with car accident or something. But we will have membership and that's extra. Always extra. All right, folks, thank you so much for tuning in. Tell your friends about this channel. If they're good people, if they're bad people, tell them anyway, because I should, we'll charge our money. Ha ha. See you next time.