We hear that male testosterone levels have dropped on average since like the 70s or something like that. First of all, is that true? Yeah, so there are some truths to that. And the reason is because we know that as people get more unhealthy, they get more comb-marbid conditions, more diabetes, more high blood pressure, more high cholesterol, all of these things are basically going up and testosterone subsequently is going down. So the more you acquire these things, the more obese, the more metabolic syndrome, the more we're seeing testosterone go down and even in younger people. Because they're also unhealthy. Legendarily so. Right. And so that's the number one reason. There's also a whole host of other things that contribute. We are having more exposures to endocrine disrupting chemicals in the environment. And some of which we do have legislation to control. Like there's no microbeads in microbeads, sort of products anymore that are available in the United States. BPA freeze, the very common thing. So there are things in place to try to limit exposures, but we're eating like what a credit card of plastic every year or something. I make sure you need a real credit card every year, just not to miss out. Yeah, of course. So you know, I mean, I think there are exposures that we can sort of limit, but to some degree, we're all exposed. And the good news is that we can get rid of a lot of it, but at some point it does accumulate, right? And so that's causing issues. And so you get all those things together. And then you know, when you're thinking about things that boost testosterone, it's like movement, right? It's moving your body lifting weights, doing, you know, high intensity interval training, and like we are more and more sedentary. Right? We're doing zoom meetings at home, like we're sitting on our couchs and like since COVID. And so I think that's playing a big role in it. Yeah. And we're more stressed out than ever, right? People are just so stressed with chronic levels of stress. And if you have chronic, chronically elevated cortisol is going to affect your testosterone. That's a big deal. That also ends up affecting sexual behavior tremendously, because I think stress is like the great killer of sex life. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, you can't get turned on when you're like stress. Yeah, it's like there's now's not the time. No, yeah, you've got to imagine like you've got like a machine gun up and there's zombies down range and the girl next to you is like, let's get it on. You're like, are you crazy? I'm just having a place for this young lady. Yes. If you low key always have stress, you low key have low testosterone probably and probably like less fruitful and regenerative sexual interactions that are just healthy for humans to have. Right. And it's sort of like a self-fulfilling prophecy. Like your testosterone goes up when you have anticipation for sex. Yes. And so if you don't have anticipation for sex because you're stressed all the time, that also plays a role. Yeah. Right. And then, you know, I think the other big one is sleep. Yeah. We don't sleep. We are scrolling our phones until whatever hour of night or we're purposely staying up late because life is still stressful. And we want this downtime. Sure. But then we're hurting ourselves. That's a big one. People will have these really ambitious. I mean, to make this not so negative and like balanced humans are accomplishing more than ever. Absolutely. Our incomes are staggering relative to our ability to buy things. Absolutely staggering. So we're just hyper-successful. But we're so successful that we end up working so much and getting so stressed. And we end up having like a half an hour at the end of every day to be like, well, just you time now. Yeah. And like, I don't need half an hour. I need three hours. And then you're missing sleep. Yeah. And that whole thing of stress is going on. And you don't have time to connect with your partner because everyone's working like a dog. We wanted this. One thing I like to tell people is like economically, almost every American, not every, but almost every. Can afford to work like half as much and still have a great standard of living. And when you're like, hey, do you want to work half as much and half less money? You're like, most people are just like, nah, I'm going to have one money. And I'm going to come and film. But, you know, zoomism is like a real shame. Right. So you've got to keep up with the Jones. Is it hard to keep your lifestyle. You've got to keep working. And, you know, I think that's a real problem, right? Because like we also have now because of modern technology, the ability to work like from our phones. Twenty percent of air. Like you can literally be constantly working if you so choose to. Every time I'm on a flight to go somewhere, usually for work, I need to look at my phone. It was here for three hours. Might as well get to work and I just ended up working. I think a lot of people end up doing that. Yeah. That's a big deal. All right. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. I'm kidding. I don't know. This is shit. I want you. That's funny when I say it. People have lower sperm counts as well. Males have lower sperm counts. Correct. There have been many hypothesis as to why that is. Part of it's testosterone mediated. Part of it is no doubt. Endocrine to suffering chemical to some limited or moderate extent. But it's not the whole picture. No, no, that. Yeah. But what about ejaculation frequency mediated by pornography? Because this is a story I've heard. Mm-hmm. Folks are jerking it a lot. And what that does is it lowers the accumulation of higher testosterone through the week, for example, because it's kind of an off valve and also it reduces sperm count and keeps your sperm count lower. And maybe it also, and this is speculative. I'd love for you to touch on this. Somehow kind of deflates your deep drive and motivation for success or something like that. People are kind of fuzzy about that. It might reduce athletic performance. It just kind of takes the out of your sales. How much of that is true? Is it true that only the extremes is the effect everyone? What is your take on that? Well, let's talk about the stuff that we absolutely know. So we absolutely know is that when you are ejaculating frequently, your sperm concentration and count is going to be lower. Right? And so we've actually done multiple studies to figure out, like, how often should you ejaculate if you want to get pregnant? Right? So that's that there's an abundance of data on that. And they've had people abstain for days and days and days versus, you know, 24 hours. And they found that really, yes, your sperm count goes up over days. But at about five days, the sperm actually becomes has more DNA fragmentation and becomes genetically less favorable. And so you want to... Yes. So you don't really want that kind of sperm when you're trying to have a baby. So what we tell people at least in terms of, like, keeping healthy sperm is 24 to 40 hours. So you should have sex maybe every other day or every day during your fertile window. But that's sufficient. You don't need to do more than that and you don't need to do, you know, you don't need to go weight five days, right? Because you want to essentially have the best chance for sex to have a conception. So that's one. So two then talking about, like, how does it affect testosterone? Well, there's actually no data. There's like one study that looked at guys who abstained and it was like 10 guys. And they abstained for 21 days. And so they looked at testosterone levels. For all lying. Yeah, well, I mean, whatever. Who knows, but by the 21st day, they checked their testosterone again. And it was higher by about 15 an. And grams through desolater. Now that's nothing. It's nothing. Why that could be like a regular day. That's really the margin of error. Yeah. And so, and then also you could say, like, it's there at the end to Superatured. Like, if you really abstained for 21 days, like you're really excited. So that's going to play a role as well. So really, it was 10 healthy guys with no real medical problems. Who did this? And like, it's not enough to to make any sort of sort of finding with that. There was one other study was like 30 patients. And that was actually debunked at like pulled from the literature. So like still people are like looking at that study. And like there was actually a retraction of that study. So ultimately, there's really no evidence that ejaculating more frequently or abstaining for like no Nut and November, for example, or whatever, even retention. I'm not talking about it. I know. It's really going to make a difference in terms of like you getting your testosterone higher. Now, and so that's one thing. Now, in terms of like you said, like your mood or your feeling a little less and it's just a desire or urge for sex. Now, I think that's a whole host of different things. So why are you masturbating so frequently and using whatever means to do that? What does pornography or whatever? Why do you feel toaster? We were like, why? Yeah, okay. Don't you can't shame me. I, you're right. That's, if that's what you're into, just don't put your appendage in there. Okay, but exactly what it's for. It's safe. I think I used to be in an electrician. Anyway, please don't look for it. Anyway, so so the question is in why are you doing it? Usually what happens in people who are masturbating quite frequently. It is quite frequently. Can you tell us? I guess it's really quite frequently to the point where it's detracting from their life. Right. For some people, masturbating once a month is detracting to them. They feel a lot of shame or guilt or whatever. It's got. And then there's some people who they can masturbate everyday and they're fine. It doesn't cause any problems. They're having healthy relationships. They're going to work. They're doing other normal stuff and they're fine. And they're even in wink, basically. Right. And some people, they're doing it like five, six times a day. And that's, you know, that is causing a problem because they're like, Now, not working. They're not doing other things. Right. And so it's really subjective how much is too much. But in some people, like, why are they doing that? Right. Are they doing it because they're looking for pleasure? Are they doing it because they're bored? Are they doing it because they're depressed? And they're looking for a dopamine hit. Right. And so you could have to do porn or masturbation for anything. Right. And you're overeating. You're, you know, you're spending money and compulsive with shopping. Right. So like, it's really you're using that particular activity to either cure boredom or to deal with shame or distress or sadness or whatever, emotionally negative feelings. So the genesis really matters. Correct. And so in those cases, it's really not the act itself. It's what's driving the act. And so that then obviously you're not going to be happy and looking for like, like, joy in life because you're, you know, the reason you're doing this is because you're sad or you're bored or whatever. But that sad board things started first. What you're saying, it's like, you get into porn and all of a sudden you're like, This is my only reason for being and it just takes over. I'm sure that happens to something. Sure. If that's my no-order as far as I saw in the literature. Yeah. I mean, it's like three percent maybe, like, as it's probably higher now. I mean, the literature's a little bit older. But I think like the reality is that most people are using it for some purpose. Right. And they find that that's where they keep going for their joy. And it's not. And then they feel shame and they feel guilt and they have this moral incongruence with what they're doing. Like, oh, this is bad. This is shameful. And now they feel really bad and then to not feel bad, they do it again. Whoa. Yeah. Scott, that last one hit me, bro. That's like last Tuesday for me. The tears as lubricant also had I'm kidding. Okay. Interesting. So if I say, I want to do no not November. And for me, that's just like a fun thing. Fun way to challenge myself. No harm, no foul. Absolutely not. No. But if I'm doing no not November and I'm going to be like, this is going to reinvigorate my core masculinity and realign me with ancestral principles. I'm probably not going to see that. You know, I think some guys feel that it does though because they just feel this like now they're not focused on whatever the trigger was, right? They found some other way to cope with that trigger and they're not focused on this strong desire to like go master mate. And so now they're like, oh, I have all this clarity. I feel so gray. I'm like focused on real life and I'm having real connection with people. I'm not just thinking about masturbating. And so like they finally feel this clarity because they really did have a sort of an issue. Right? They were using it a lot and they were using it as a as a dependent someone else. And now they feel clarity. And so I think, you know what, if you do feel that way, that's great. But that doesn't mean that that's going to apply to every single person. Yeah. And what happens is a lot of people end up doing it because they feel like, oh, this is good for me. I need to do this. And they're they're like miserable. They're like clenching their pelvic floor and they're like, they're so stressed. And then they have a nighttime emission or a wectree. And they're like, oh my god, I failed. I'm a horrible person. Oh, well, they take it like that. Some people finally are like, or they get shamed if they're in a community where they're like, oh, this happened to me. Like, oh, how could you you failed now? You failed the challenge and you're not as much of a man or whatever, right? And so that's what I take issue with. I don't take issue with anyone feeling good about what they're doing. Great. Keep doing it. But like, don't push those values on people who don't necessarily need that or may not perceive that benefit. Sure. So no, not November. Totally optional. If it's something that empowers you and distresses you and allows you to focus on the rest of life amazing. If you try it and you realize that the thing that was letting you focus on the rest of life was getting off because if you don't get off, you're just constantly staring at titties instead of doing your job. Then it's time to uncork. Yeah. And go back to work. It is low key. I think that's vast majority of men masturbate for exactly that reason. Like, I'm not going to go to work after three days of not getting something out of my body because then everything interactions just like, I don't know. It's tough to convince people who are not male or extremely high sex-stripe female, what it's like to live in a male mind and like, evolution's one hell of a force. And it's always nudging like, hey, hey, think about sex. And you're like, I'm at work looking at code. It's like, okay. Hey, think about some sex. So God damn it. And so for some people, I think the uncorking is actually super therapeutic for some people that's 50, 50. And what you're saying is for others, the uncorking gets to be the focal point. But that's usually because they're coming from not so great alternative uses of their time. Yeah, in fact, they look so they've come up with this thing, like a compulsive, is it compulsive sexual behavior, some terminology. And basically, when there was one study where they looked at the characteristics of patients who had these these findings, like these six characteristics or whatever. And they overlaid them with depression. And they found that they were really like sort of in line with each other. So there may be that there's some concomitant like there's depression and they're actually treating their depression. And these compulsive behaviors, right? We don't know for sure. This is all really early thinking, but I think that there's something there, right? Like we should be asking patients and checking for depression and you know vice versa. Yeah, when I have been seriously overworked in various phases of my life. You know, like eventually at the other end of overwork is depression if you push far enough. And if then it's adaptive because your body's like, we're going to turn, we're going to turn you off so you can recover. You're going to kill yourself if you go like this. And so what I found is that notions of eating tasty food, of getting lots of sleep, of having uninterrupted relaxation time, and of nutting for lack of better term, are like start to look like these repositories of relaxation that you can go to. And the only reason they feel like that is because you're so fucking overwhelmed. And as soon as I became not overwhelmed, I'm like, I do I want to jerk off and the answer is like, nah, I'm good. And he's going about your day. But if it's a go, my God, this is guaranteed pleasure and it just gets me away from everything. It's just a good. I can totally see how folks in like not my junior league, not really depression. For real, for real depression, that can be like one of your only places of solace. And also, I think describes a little bit of the vectors for obesity when people get really, really, really obese. Almost always what I've noticed is food for them is their their hiding place from the world. Right. From their extreme stress they live in, mostly in their own heads. But then again, stress only matters in your own head if you think about it. Yeah. Well, and you know, orgasms are powerful, right? So why are you not having other people's minor pathetic? Stop whining laughing at that. No, but really, orgasms are powerful, right? They can reduce your blood pressure. They can improve your heart rate. They can make you feel sleepy. You're super healthy. And so they're so great for you. Like, there could we use them for pain control? Like, you know, could you use them for other reasons? Absolutely. And so I think people don't realize also that there's some people who all they can get in orgasms from is themselves. They don't have a partner or they can't get one. Right. And so now you're taking them and saying, hey, don't do this. Do this wonderful, like, don't have this wonderful experience that makes you feel good because it's bad, right? In your head that it's bad and like, oh, you might turn into this terrible thing for you. But it's like, no, now you've literally taken someone who has nothing like no person, no partner to actually have sex with. And you're saying, don't do this one thing that might actually make you feel good. Yeah. So I guess at the end of the day, modulating your own testosterone levels, your own health and performance, your own vitality, your own psychological, stable environment can be a rather ejaculation. And even if it's self-derived, can range from anywhere between a real toxic thing you're doing too much of and it's not great for you. All the way to like probably for most people like a normal thing that happens and it's just not a big deal. All the way to a very important part of life that can be hugely regulatory experience for you that makes you feel much better than if someone said, just don't do this at all because it's bad. Absolutely. And I think that it's probably more good than bad for most people, right? Because I think it's easy for people to fear longer and say like, this is terrible, this is horrible. But I think most people would say like, yeah, I enjoy exploring myself, I enjoy having orgasms and it feels good and like, it's great. And I use it when I need to. Yeah. I think a lot of times we hear a flight comment sections and stuff get really negative about this. And then you realize talking to those folks that these are precisely the folks who are triggered by an episode of unhealthy relationship to their own orgasms. Yeah. And then not a judgment, it's just reality. We've all been in some weird places and they're coming from the perspective of, I'm in this weird place where I have been. And they sort of just like all of us assume, everyone else is like this too. You know, it's like folks that have had, you know, currently sober folks that have been alcoholics before. They'll tell everyone alcohol is like the worst thing in the world. And for most people it really is a few drinks and they're totally fine. And so it's just not true, but for folks like them, it really is the worst thing in the world. So there's a validity of all perspectives, but not necessarily taking anyone perspective and spreading it to all other people. Yeah. And then you know, I think people also, you know, there is a lot of moral high ground when it comes to sex and self pleasure and people are raised in a certain way. Right. And then you think about it when you're kid and like you are masturbating in your mom walks in or whatever you're like, stop. I look you didn't ever have that right. Well, that's good. I mean, they're like, stop that. Don't do that, you know, like whatever. And you feel embarrassed and you're like, or like little kids will do it. And they don't know, realize what they're doing and then they're present. Like don't do that here or don't do that in front of me or like, so you're immediately told, Oh, this is something that I should be ashamed of. Yeah. On intentional. Can you think that's not a good practice to. I think that there's a way to handle it where you're like, look, this is something that's fine to do. You just do it in the privacy of your own room. You know, we don't want, we don't want other that's something you do with yourself and you enjoy with yourself. And and it's fine for you to do just, you know, you can't do it in the living room. Right. Right. But if mom walks into your own room, she probably is not on a good ethical grounds. Limbasting you for it. You're like, actually, I was exactly in the right. Why are you in my room? Right. She's just flustered. Probably. She's just want to see that. Yeah. I'm going to put it on my god. And then, you know, but it's like, okay, fine. Have that reaction in the moment. But then go back and say, I'm sorry. Like, I didn't mean to have that reaction. Like, I think whatever you're doing was totally fine and normal and natural. I just was nervous. Right. You'll be a human. Like it's okay. You're human in front of your kids. I have two quick stories about that. One is three quick stories. One is I like to harass my dad every now and again because he gets very serious about things. It's super, super smart. But very serious, very conservative Christian conservative. Mm-hmm. And I asked him once I was like, hey, hey, dad, what's okay to do in the bedroom and not okay to do it. The bedroom and not okay to do the bedroom. He's like, oh, I'll see her. He says, like, me sure. Me sure is my Russian name. Anything that you like and the woman likes to is okay. And I was like, my dad. I'm like, I'm like, shut up, shut up. That's as far as I covers that. That was the equivalent of my the talk. I had to start with that talk. But that's a pretty good talk. It's a great talk. Yeah. Super inclusive. But in a very, like, shut up about that. That's all we can talk about. And then another story is, I have a friend who, I don't know how politically correct this is or not. I'm not naming names or anything. That some children start with autorotic behavior very early. And then so. So soothing behavior and her parents literally were just like, hey, you know, this is something for you and your private time. So if you just don't do it around people, you're totally okay. That was the only conversation they ever had about it. She never had a hang up about it. I was like, I heard that story from her and I was like, what an amazing way to deal with that as parents. They just go totally cleaned up on that one. They could have done so much crazy shit. They could have been like, oh, you're too young. Therapy time. Something totally insane. So I thought that was really wonderful. And then one last story. One of my friends. His. Has an adopted son who at the time was 11 and his, he was with his biological. The adopted son's biological mother. Okay. So he came into that relationship, right? And the biological mother, it's just like, you know, like men and women, there's some differences there. And she's a little bit from another culture. And she's like his kids like 11 and 12 and 13. And she's like, talks to my friend and she's like, why is the kid spending so much time in the shower? And she was knocking on the room and be like, hurry up, like wasting water. And my friend had to be like, honey, you got to let him be in there. And she's like, why? He's like, so he told her she's like, really? Yes, do not bring it up to him. It's going to go really. Because you know, the kids in there trying to figure out his house bits work. Mom's knocking on the shavie five minutes. He's like, trauma times. Yeah. So the recommendation of just like let folks explore and treat it as a thing you do in private. You think as a doctor is like a totally fine trajectory to go. I think it's a great trajectory. We should know our bodies and so that we can actually eventually communicate those with a partner. Sure. Sure. And I suppose insufficient shaming would be letting people do it in public and front of other people's view. Like you just weren't shamed enough. Yeah, I mean, she was an nasty talk. You were taught. But that's inappropriate, right? It's just like as if you like chew with your mouth open. Right? You weren't taught like to chew with your like same thing. Like you just weren't taught the thing that this doesn't happen. But then at the same time, are you of the opinion that people on aggregate still sometimes may be being shamed too much for their own sexual behaviors? And is that a problem? What do you think? Absolutely. Absolutely. I think that, you know, I think one, it's like we, like there's so much negativity around self pleasure. Right? So you're not trying to find it go have sex and like have sex with many people as you want now. That's everything I'm clapping for. That's okay. Great. Good job. You're empowered. But like when it comes to like exploring your own body and like trying to figure out what you like or being empowered or whatever, it's like, oh, we don't talk about that. And oh, that's gross or like, you know, whatever. There's a lot of like negativity around it still. Yeah. And no one talks about it, right? Like the conversation that we're having in the conversation that your friend had with their child, like that doesn't happen. The parents don't know how to have the conversation. They don't obviously back in the 70s. It was just mostly shame and nothing else. Yeah. But now I don't think they don't, I don't think they know. I don't think they have the tools, right? So a lot of what happens is a lot of parents don't know that they're not learning this stuff in school, right? They're just learning like here's a condom. Here's consent. Like the banana and the condom. Like they're learning like, I mean, the school has only so much time. Right? They teach all these things. So I get it. Like they can't get into a deep dive. But they are assuming that the kids learn everything we need to do in school. The parents may be they're giving them some condoms or like here protect yourself. Don't have a, you know, don't get, don't get messy. Don't get pregnant. Don't get someone else pregnant. Whatever it is, right? But that's pretty much where the conversation ends. And so a lot of them, they just don't know how to talk about it. Like they didn't get a conversation about it, right? When they were just sure. Yeah, sure. So they're like, what do I say? It's a wonderful, no one's really rushing into that conversation. Right. But realizing like, it's, there's no comfortable conversations. You just have to do it. Right? Like we are the parents. Yeah. Like you have to just have the conversation. Whether you feel awkward or not. Yeah. I mean, do you, you have to teach your kids like what's normal? Yeah. Doc, thank you so much. That was super, super instructive. It's so welcome.