Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Anasanspiridization and MSG is bad for you. Oh no no wait wait wait that's BS. It's actually not bad for you. Isn't that crazy? That's it video overseeing there's next time. Oh you're still around. Let's do the video. So first, Google MSG Zen Fi Res School is on Fires School, which is almost certainly a Romanian person because that sure shit the most Romanian name I've ever seen. Actually right over here you will have the PMID. So you can just type that into, well, PubMed or Google and you will get the actual study. And the study if I don't happen to have it on hand while I would. I'm is a review of the alleged health hazards of monosodium glutamate. And let me just read the last line of the abstract. It's the only part I read I'm kidding. Critical analyses of existing literature establishes that many of the reported negative health effects of MSG have little relevance for chronic human exposure and are poorly informative as they are based on excessive dosing that does not meet with levels normally consumed in food products. That's a scientist way of saying the evidence that MSG is bad for you is very unconvincing. Now, MSG may have some as yet unidentified or poorly understood health effects on confirmed health effects. But those health effects would probably very small as large literature views have not picked them up yet. So we can say with a pretty decent degree of confidence that MSG is probably not going to kill you dead in the middle of your sleep. You're with the lady of the night you're like, oh, yeah. She's like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. MSG, you, you die right on top of our. right on top of her. She's like, for me? Where? Aaaaaaah! Aaaaaah! And then she's like, he smells like a musg, this is terrible, but delicious. And guess what she has to do? This is so bad, I shouldn't say it, should I? Scott, she has to eat through your body to get out. But since you are soaked in MSG, when the medical people get to her at the end of the night to rescue her, they're like, how traumatic was it to eat through his body to get out? And she's like, honestly, it was delicious, tastes like Chinese food. It's MSG is amazing. In any case, before we get myself even more canceled, there are lots of claims by lots of people that are active claims that MSG is definitely harmful. And these claims have just not stood up to the evidence, plain and simple, major government organizations, have that MSG is being safe after doing very thorough reviews. I know they're all bought and paid for by big food or whatever crazy stuff you'll come up with. Studies finding that it's unsafe have nasty design flaws usually and really like, amateurish attempts at research by clearly ideological people out to get MSG. And the big thing is this, I think a lot of people think that MSG is bad for you because they'll say look what I eat MSG, like a really bloated, and I feel like crap. And it's just like, gain a bunch of weight that I hate. And you go, I got you. You bought MSG to flavor your healthy food with. And they're like, no, it doesn't matter. So how did you eat MSG? Oh, I hate it. Did you? What was that? I'm sorry, come again. I ate 15 agrows. Oh, oh, and it would bloated you. That's so strange. You have a bad deftatami feel bad after 15 fucking agrows. They're like, well, that's so good. Listen, I'm not here to debate that. They're amazing. But maybe it was the 15 agrows and not the MSG content of them that made you feel sick and unhealthy. Good God. MSG in moderation. For now, tentatively seems like a totally fine choice. Further, good research can clarify if it has some degree of marginal negative, what that degree is and how to proceed. But for now, don't fall for scare tactics based on crap data spread by people that are just real scared and want a one shot solution of everything. It's going to be natural. It's going to be great. We got to go back to how we used to be in the 1820s when people died of dysentery and cholera. Whatever it means by that. Anyway, Arnold, Arnold, get us out of here. OK, bullshit. See you next time. My old-hand download the hypertrophy app. Yeah, it's good. You're going to get the bicep pump. You make everything bicep. It's a program generator. You can do whatever you want. And then in the mic, he's still short. And this beeping is very small, but he's going to have more money. And he's going to be able to drive a Lamborghini around. Yeah. And it's going to be good. So bye now. Now, please, how many?