When I built my home gym, I thought it was gonna be perfect. But the truth is, it kinda sucks. My wife and I moved to Michigan just after COVID. It was an matter of fact we bought our house during peak COVID and my wife had to do a fellowship for her medical school stuff in Las Vegas. And so we had to basically take a year of living in Vegas while the house was being kind of finished and finalized here in Michigan. And during that time we built the gym. And because it was COVID times, we were working under a lot of constraints. One of the big constraints was availability of equipment. Like some stuff just didn't even have lead times because the people making it were like dude, we don't know when the hell we're gonna get shipments from that spicy. So the total amount of equipment I could have put in there, some of the best pieces that I wanted simply weren't around. And because I needed to be here and needed to start training at some point, we opted for some shorter lead time equipment. And that means they were good, but maybe not great. The other thing was that because of this big limitation during COVID, I ended up buying equipment that was available and that was decent, but that wasn't remotely ideal. And because during COVID you really couldn't travel around and couldn't try stuff out, a lot of the stuff I had to buy sight unseen. Ideally you want to test out every single piece of equipment before it arrives because it looked pretty in a picture, probably doesn't good thing, but that's not guaranteed. So all that stuff taken together, the fact that we planned and executed on this gym during COVID left me with a few bumps and bruises and machines I look at, like you look at red headed children. Why are you in my family? Is it true that I have to pay for you until you're 18? Couldn't we have the ethics of the medieval times where I could simply drop you off in the market and never see you again. I was looking at some of the machines and I proud of that. No, but have the machines now been sent to the equivalent of orphanages for machines where they get abused and underfed? Yes, probably. All right, folks, the first thing I had to have in the gym that was trying to get a little better is an element for a G-field meat because your boy gets thirsty and salt doesn't just replace his self. We got this little element, rich here, little element situation, elements awesome. They're an amazing sponsor and so I'm just trying to shout them out. And I'll be here by myself every now and again and look, no, tell anybody, but I've been known to poor element all over this fine ass body. I disgusted myself. Let's move on to actual machines that make a difference. All right, so the first replacement I made was I took the Atlantis linear leg press, leg press, hatch spot combo and I replaced it with a Roger squat. Why is my beautiful relationship with Atlantis over? Not even close. Atlantis is still ranked one to the best exercise machines in the world. However, this is a knee problem. So Atlantis sat me down and they were like, Mike, no, that we love you. When I was like, Atlantis, of course, and I kind of went in for the kids. You're too short. And I started to cry. But when I stopped crying an hour and a half later, I realized they were correct. And the problem with me on the linear leg press was that my, I've got the baby legs and my femures and the tibia is the subtly smell. And so I'm only four foot 10 and a half. And so my legs are so short that I ended up not being able to generate tension at the bottom of the machine and taller people can get a ton out of that machine. I couldn't. My wife is even shorter than me. So we were like, this is just the wrong match up. It's a fucking awesome machine. I highly recommend it. But a short Kings and Queens just couldn't deal with it. However, the Roger squat adjustable to every single conceivable human height. And has this beautiful thing where if you put the plates on the top side, like I have illustrated here, you end up having a force curve that's the most difficult at the bottom and the easiest at the top. The Roger squat accommodates every single stance. It is completely safe to do because it has its own rack system. Super comfortable. I don't have to hold the bar behind my back. The Roger squat, like if you don't have one at your gym, you need to do two things. One order a Roger squat. And until unless it arrives and is assembled and people are using it, you need to walk with your head down in shame. That's right. The deep kind of shame that follows you later. The kind of shit that gives you nightmares later. I'm serious. Uh, Roger's electric. You're welcome for that very kind of politically correct recommendation. Alright folks, so I was doing some of behind the neck easy bar extensions, which I really like to have it done them in a dog's age as uh, somewhat say. And so I... Just that. Last scene in the water void movie. And so I was like, you know what? I got a combination I got probed here. One is I want a shoulder press seat because I was doing it on my incline attachment, but that shit has wheels on it. And so I would stand on the incline so that I could get over the incline. And then when I was reaching behind, I ended up pushing back on the incline with getting slide. I need to put a mat down, put a hundred pound weight on the mat. The thing wouldn't slide that it would just tip. It was super fun annoying. So I was like, that I got me an actual shoulder press machine. But before I did that, I considered the other variable. So number one, I need a shoulder press machine or a shoulder press seat. And the other problem is, I'm Jewish and painfully deeply so. And spending money is like cutting my own fingernails off, like right off the bone or whatever. It's terrible. And so I was like, what can I get for like $45? Did just an instantly break? The thing weighs five pounds. And my friend, Mr. Tumin who helped me set it up was like, hey, is this broken? And I was like, no, it looks fine. So he does this and the whole pipe bends of him just leaning on it. And I'm like, yeah, we'll be fine. Here's the thing. As long as I don't die in this, it's awesome. It's got these awesome foot support situations. So when I put the foot support on and I lean back onto this in overhead extension mode, there's no mechanical way. They're those machine collapsing, of course. And killing me, so narrowly or wounding me, that this can be pushed back or get these stabilized. So I'm super excited to use it. I can use the curls. I can use the flaterals. It's super cheap. It was super easy to make. And if you have a garage gym, honestly, you guys. And you have inclined benches and everything. You're looking to buy one more thing just to kind of fill it out. This thing is easy and legitimately, it's like 50 bucks. So I think it's nice. And if you guys see an update video about me, where there's a bunch of actors are pulling metal out of my ass, you know what happened. Folks, there was a brave exercise equipment company that made an arguably unethical experiment on biological animals. They took a shark and they had it breed. The old fashioned way with a pit bull. Now I know what you're thinking. You're asking incredibly important questions. Like, excuse me, Mike, yes, you did they put a female pit bull in heat to swim, because they're adorable. They do the little doggy paddle in a tank in which a properly fed but very horny male shark was swimming. And then by the Lion King type of stuff, or was it a female shark just, woody red just kept shizz up into by a stack cut diesel male pit bull. Hold up, fellas, hold up. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it was the exact sound he made before he threw them. Bo's just skied up into that dumb ass, but shark was saw a baby. Now at this point, you might be thinking, what am I? The shark's already in mammals. The whole thing's insane. And for what I know about like psychotic trajectories, this would be the fetus that would die like forft steps in the cell division. They would never be able to make an extant living animal. And I say to you, explain that. Case closed. Let's move on to the next machine. And oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The pit shark is a belt squat. And honestly, it's a belt machine, because you can do rows on it. You're going to max get your stop laughing. You're a gigaling, like, a little girl. You can do stifling a deadlift on here. You can do rows on here. And the belt squat situation is out of control, why? Because this machine is incredibly smooth. It's incredibly just won't look. The mat winning belt squat was a f***ing awesome. I love that machine. But it's intentionally leveraged, higher, so that it's easier at the bottom and harder at the top, exactly like a quit-lifting and athletic lifting should be leveraged. Matt's where Matt when he comes from with his training philosophy, which is a mate. However, for hypertrophy specific purposes, that's a great machine. This one is probably going to nudge it out just a little bit for me personally. And that's because with some modification, because again, I'm three for eight. I need a little bit of a higher positioning. And when I have that, I get maximum tension at the bottom, lift, minimum tension at the top of the lift. I'm able to do two thirds of my reps on the shit. The leg workouts on here are just a total category level difference. They're psychotic, they're amazing. I love this machine. I used it way back in the day at some gym. I remember making a mental note like, I'm a habbly one of them shit. And you know what? Hey girls, hey ladies, if I see your boyfriend and I like his ass, I make a mental note too. And you ain't never getting him back. Next thing I did was I got rid of my old chest press machine. This is one of these machines. I got sight unseen. That chest press machine suffered from, oh, I would say three problems. One, it didn't have a leg power on loader, which means that in order to get into the machine, you had to use your chest. Problem number two, the stretch on the chest was fine, which you had to wiggle into it somehow and really adjust your body to even pop into the machine. You was just annoying. And problem number three, the friction of that machine and the concentric phase on the assent is massive. Then it was also an ass of the eccentric, which means the concentric was pretty hard and the eccentric was kind of easy. Remember taking that machine down for deep stretch for three seconds down there, getting off after a few getting off, I did get off. And then I stopped the set. And then I got out of the machine and I was like, I think really, really, even like, yeah, I feel a little stretch, but it's kind of like just stretching with just using my hand. It wasn't super, super loaded on there. And I was like enough. And I went to the internet. The internet just crazy. I don't know if you heard about it. There's websites on it. You could purchase things on the internet than they arrive in real life. I know it's wild. And I thought, what kind of machine trains chest the best? What kind of machine tears your triceps into whatever rhymes with triceps, but hold on, hold on, you thought I've not had a hold up. What kind of machine makes them the boys moist? Do boys get moist when they get aroused? Yes. Why wouldn't they? And I realized the hoist makes them moist. The hoist chest press machine has unloader for the feet so you can plug into the machine using your legs and really get the right grip. It has a multiple selectorized grip option. And it is such a cataclysmic deep stretch your chest. And it's tons of force down there. It's insanely ergonomic. And I didn't mention one thing. It's smooth, es silk. None of this friction nonsense. The hoist makes them moist for a reason. They're not just delusional. These boys really know what they like in a machine. Smooth, deep stretch. What part of that isn't making you moist at home right now? That's right. You, you with your headphones and it weren't pretending people don't see the arrage and it's look on your faces. You're watching this video. The hoist chest press machine is ginkoted. I love it. It's one of my favorite purchases. I can't believe I can't believe I've been away from it for so long. hoist, hoist, I'm here. I'm here. Everything's safe. This is weird. How many of you have had a recurring fantasy where a tank top wearing hairy Russian man is sitting across from you in the sauna and he's like, hey, you are a shape of cock. You look nice, yes. See now you're living in fantasy. And on my website that can't be mentioned that I also have, you can see those videos. We made a lot of content that day. I still hurt in a way that medicine can't help. However, we do have a sauna. This is our new shit. It's made of the finest northern goods I think. And since I assume this was just assembled in Finland because I'm that stupid. What's a finished sauna? And here's the thing. It doesn't do steam. It doesn't do the dry heat. It does the radiative heat from infrared rays. You know, it's so funny how many white people that are concerned about the microwave poisoning them regularly get in and get blasted by our rays. But whatever, being scientifically literate, I know that those are non-ionizing radiation rays and are totally healthy and fine for you. They're really just like, heat you up. It's really cool. The sauna just takes a little while to heat up. So halfway through my work out, I'll turn it on to a full blast, 150 degrees or whatever. And then back to time I get into it, it feels quite nice. I use the sauna for three things. One is when I finish my workout, I'll like upload all my videos and check off my boxes and the RPA Proctrophy app. And I'll drink my shake and I'll do that in the sauna. And it's actually been shown that like a high amount of heat to peripheral muskilcher may help with recovery and absolutely does not blunt adaptation. So that's actually kind of neat. The other reason I use it is because the sauna has actually been shown to be a pretty robust lens of longevity enhancer. So it can actually help you live longer and be healthier, but that's independent of exercise and on top of exercise. So like five times sunning for roughly 30 minutes per week, if you work up to that, can be like a really awesome health enhancer and since you've been saying your boy has done some steroids back in the day. I try to die any sooner than I have to. So I'm getting the sauna every now and again. It's also pretty good empirically for recovery. Then in a kind that is not like whole plunging, it does not in our fuel hypertrophy. And the third reason I have the sauna is absolutely going out there. Because somebody trying to break in the third reason I have the sauna. That's absolutely the most important. And that is after some kind of leg workout, especially when I'm super lean or whatever kind of workout, as I get shredded cruiser, when I get the sauna for a few minutes afterwards with a pump, I come out and get an hardly in picks and veins everywhere. Let me tell you how this works. I get the vein picks and I put on social media. And people are like, oh my god, Michael, you're so muscular and veinie. It must not be because of your combination of genetics, 25 years of pretty hard training and, you know, constant drug use. It must be because of the digital products you sell in the internet that are also going to make me exactly as muscular and veinie as you. And then I go on the website and I pay you money and I look down to see when I can get these sauna veins. The grand delusion baby, a few people have accused me of drifting on the internet and I can't tell you a disagree, but you can use more harsh words in that total rip off scam artist, piece of shit, all qualify. And the sauna helps me make the illusion of the fact that I actually, a muscular at all. Get yourself a picture five minutes into the sauna. It'll change your good life. Just because I'm changing a lot of stuff in my gym doesn't mean I'm changing everything. A ton of the machines here I really love. The arsenal leg press is the nominal I can't get enough of that machine. Best leg press ever made. The free motion dual cable cross machine. I use all the time. It's one of the most useful machines in the gym. We have the Atlantis 45 degree row set up. Just supported it. It's awesome. The leg curl, the leg extension from prime is amazing. The Smith machine is quite good. I have a dip stand that I really like. Essentially all the machines I didn't rag on, including the power act from arsenal are absolutely awesome. So really the machine was like the gym was 80% of the way to being awesome. We traded off like 15 of the bad percent and got 15 good percent. And now the rest is just 5% enhancing. And honestly, this is one of for me the best gyms I've ever trained at at this point. But I think we can make it a little better still. The last big change that we've made to the gym so far is all the way back there behind me. You'll see that we've installed a few new panels of heating. The gym already had a triple install forced air. So it was three forced air units which did air conditioning and do air conditioning and they also do heating. And the air conditioning is totally fine because I like to train in a little bit of warmer gyms 70 75 degrees something like that especially when I'm leaner or not dying of heat stroke. So during the summer especially because of the tend to train earlier in the day it wasn't a problem. So their conditioning was fully covered. But we did realize that during the winter because it's my sugar and I should have known better, this is a steel building it is insulated but there's only so much that can do. The forced air was at maximum and the gym was cold as it was like 64 63 degrees. There's a big problem with there for two reasons. One a very cold gym means your probability of not warming up well enough and thus injury is higher. I don't know what that at all. The other thing with the cold gym is that you can't get supervaney and surf pump chillis as the technical turn for it. If you can't peek at your pump and see your cock leg veins then why would you even have a gym is a good question. So instantly with with no haste or all make haste whatever that the thing is we made lots of haste and we installed I believe three more units of just heat and that made a humongous difference even in March. And so this next winter that's gonna come around for the gym is gonna be way way better. I do like it nice and warm that has been a big addition. So with the sauna and the heat stuff and a bunch of the new machines this gym is really really starting to be pretty goddamn good. Let me tell you in the next little segment how we aim to make the gym even better in the future. So where do we take this gym in the future? It's a little bit tough to say because there's all sorts of opportunities, all sorts of potential things to do. The one thing that I'm big on is when you have machines that are very good you don't get rid of them. You keep milking them out like I'm not trying to buy a new machine every other day to replace the ship. No thanks. But we do have some open space and I'm thinking that a few machines could enhance the situation. Might get another rolling machine for the back. Might get some kind of curl machine because we basically have none of that situation. Might get a few more specialty bars. But other than that for now it's looking pretty damn good and we might get some kind of universal machine. There's some really cool stuff I've seen in the internet where it's a machine that can do a bunch of different stuff. We might get one of those just to test that out to try it out and see if it can last in this gym. And so really the gym is basically almost all the way to where I really really like it. Now it's just a matter of not so much deleting equipment out because they've got rid of all the machines that we didn't like. It's a matter of another two or three very tastefully chosen machines and the way you know you need a gym machine. This is a really big deal. Is constantly in your design of your workouts. You're like oh man I wish I had this machine. It keeps popping up. You don't ever want to get a machine that you're like oh this would be nice to use for a mesocycle and then you never use it again or it's like ma I had a pull over machine from prime which I think is a great piece. But it was a little bit too much of a wide king for it so it's kind of weird to fit in there. And also it wasn't the biggest stretch in the back in the machine that could possibly be and I just almost never used it so I had to get rid of it I donated away because it was basically I didn't buy it on a whim but close. I was like oh I need one of those. You need your really need one of those. Turns out with cable situations, with free with situations I had all the single arm extension stuff and single arm pulling for lats that I really needed. So the big take home here is when you're building your own gym to be at a home gym, a garage gym, even your actual gym that for for clients and customers to come through. Really think who that first grouping of machines. Core high quality machines with tons of uses Smith machines free motion machines power act things that tons of people use to get a lot of use out of in their fundamental good quality. The next layer of machines is extra stuff, chest press machines and row machines and all that stuff basics that you needed to gym. They don't do a lot of stuff but what they do they do really well. And you have one ideally you have wanted to test it all these machines with your own body. A trade shows, expose. You can even take a flight out to headquarters or to showrooms for most equipment manufacturers or just go to gyms across the country or across your state or city region and try a bunch of different machines and have a very intricate list of which ones you like, which ones you don't, why, etc. Once you have that core list, my best recommendation after is keep a couple of places free and if you see machines that are really checking the boxes for you, you fill them in. Don't try to rush to full-age them completely with every single place stock with machines. So you're going to do this stuff like I did and have 90% 80% machines that are awesome and then 10% or 20% of machines that you're like, why exactly did I pay money for this? And that, why exactly did I pay money for this to a man of Jewish ethnicity? Some of the most painful things you could live with at all times. And those costs I paid for the machines even though they've been replaced and given away, I'll never live that down. And if you guys need help living down, terrible choices, well, this is the wrong channel for that because here we really embrace our terrible choices and cry about them. Folks, that is the gym update. So $250,000 gym, now what a couple extra thousands poured in and it's better and so my big take for this for you guys is the following. If you're putting together a gym, make sure the basics are there and they're awesome machines that you've used before. And then slowly over time, keep a budget for acquiring some new things and I'll say extra bars and attachments go a really long way for a really low price. Get some of that, get some extra benches and all of a sudden your gym is starting to look really awesome. Is my gym the best gym in the world? Yes, but that's only because I train here and I'm amazing. Is it the best gym in a technical level? No, but it's like an old girl friend. You know, love her anymore, maybe you never did, but she's there and some of to watch TV with, I guess. See you guys next time.