You sure? Yeah. Okay. I already love it. Jerry, don't be me on this on the channel. I'm Dr. Mike. This is Mr. Jared Feather, I-I-F-E-D-Pro. And today, I'm going to describe my program for the comeback after I have had Reconstructive surgery to improve my facial attractiveness. No, no, no. That's still in the future. The elephant fat injections into my cock definitely have taken hold. It is rendered my cock both in sense, eight, and useless. But boys at large, and that's all it matters. They shouldn't have. That's what they claim, but I can't feel anything. And I mean, emotionally, not just physically. The program is built in the RPAP, which we'll see in the graphics. And it is a six-day program. However, we're only going to demo the first three days, because the next three days are pretty similar, and we're just going to kind of speak to how the situation would be a little different. It is not a six-day week program, because what I do is I train three days on, and then one to two days off. If I didn't get super sore, I'm not super tired. I feel really good. I can take one day off. If I'm feeling pretty beat up, two days heals me up super. If I need an extra recovery day or a little d-load day or something, I throw a third day and everything's great. Then I get back in and do the other three days, and then I cycle back around. So even though this is like a four-week program for microcycle program, it's going to take me like six weeks to get through. And then I d-load and then all of the children of the world are happy in everyone's smiling and differently, which is. Let me go through the program and address not just what I'm doing, but why? So my first day of the program day one is targeting back delts and biceps. I start with pull-ups for three sets. Sometimes weighted, sometimes not. Hard core, full range of motion, raw, calisthenic, whatever else I have to say to justify it, I love pull-ups. What do you think? Yeah. Of course pull-ups, I'm good. You can't really my a-rupped pull-ups because there's just two fatiguing, two centrally demanding. So these are straight sets. And the rep range target is something between five and 15 reps generally. Then we have three sets of pull-downs. For a little bit of variation, usually a different grip. And higher rep range, so 15 to 20 reps, three sets, straight sets again. People say why not just do more pull-ups, then I respond with why not just two pull-downs, and whenever it has a clever response to that, the status quo bias is pretty nuts. But there are good reasons after doing enough heavy pull-ups. Your shoulders and your elbows when your larger king start to feel not so great. It's like saying why don't you get the biggest quads you can just doing sets of five in the squat, like, okay, but your joints won't be going a lot for that ride. So the higher reps allow me to focus more on vertical pull, but more volume into the muscles and muscles is still good. But it's easier on the joints than it's a little lighter and a little bit more fun because of variation. What do you think about it all that you're just a similar experience to how you've been training? Oh absolutely, yeah, especially, I see me as a little different. I'm especially in a little bit more of a recomp, a mess of cycle for you, like the first one backs can probably still be emphasizing certain muscles and de-inphasizing others. Because you're going to probably around maintenance or right above and just recomp from the certain things. So this day probably will have more vertical volume for both days. It's my assumption. This program when you repeat the days. Yes. And then for me it would be a little different. I do more rowing than you usually my rows of first. Yes, this makes sense for what you're doing. Yes, because you're a pretty wide king, but you need more thickness. I'm a pretty thick king and I need more width. I'm not wear accounts just in the back. And so that actually ties into the third exercise, which is the cable flexion row, which I love with a little of sets. Just one set actually. I've switched for the last seven months to doing only one set of rows every time I do a half micro cycle. So two sets of rows per every eight to ten days. And I have seemingly lost no back thickness whatsoever. Yeah, it gets, you know, hitting it kind of with the other shit. For sure. For sure. For sure. I have a lot of depth 20 reps. Sometimes I'll do a little my reps set there where I do like 30 total and just rest a little bit. It saves time and for me here is the reason I'm doing it. One, I need to grow my width more than any degree of my thickness as far as physique balance. And on stage like not having random big muscles isn't as helpful as having the right muscles be doing. And rows are really fatigued, sustainably for me. And so if I can reduce systemic fatigue massively that means I can pour more of my effort into vertical pulling and into shoulders and it abysets and all the other muscles that I need to be done. So for me just one set of rows. For you, if you guys watching at home, if you want to kind of replicate this program do more rows. Next up. So that's done. It's all for back. That is seven total sets for back every half week. That's pretty good. And this is would be something I would start at or second week of a program. You would go out from there and volume after. Then we have shoulders seated dumbbell laterals. A little bit of an inclined. Usually elected to them super arm styles come all the way up and on the ceiling sometimes just halfway up. Ecentral control. And I like to shoot for about 20 ish reps on my first set. And my rep match for three sets after. This is four my rep match. Four sets total three of them I rep match the first one is the straight set. So basically I get 19 reps and then the second set I have to do 19 if I have to take a five to second break. Once or twice between those reps, I'll do it. And then 19 and then 19 again. Why? Because my delts can take a huge beating and they still recover and we have all the layers here in the world not to suggest that if you can still recover, more volume generally grows or muscles more. And my delts are hands down the weakest body part I have. Relatively. Yeah. Farms. Delts. Delts. Delts. And they're big and strong but they're not keenly shaped. They're shaped like they two narrow and so the more delts that I can have and really the more delts than anyone can have the cool their physique looks. Delts are kind of like the outlight of your physique they're they're the silhouette they they set the standard. Do you have enormous delts that are offensive to look at make me ride in jealousy and anger but hurt coping then anger again. And then I think that's the cycle just continues. Then I see if do you because you're genetically gifted delts also need to pound them into a bliving with volume to see their best growth or. So even even for your super genetic delts you have a pretty high MRV and you can yes since I can remember to me honest. I've done probably 15 plus sets per week from my delts. I mean and likely more at the start of my training career as we all do. Maybe as I leaned more toward learning about this stuff properly I was like yeah 15 to 20 sounds about right and then. Especially with my rep matching and things like that I'm getting into like the 25 30 range when I'm at like the peak massing. Messing cycle final mess of cycle like it's it's way up there so like 30 sets yeah it's a for delts per week. And that's really good because I think a lot of people under trained their side delts. I agree especially on a frequency basis especially on a frequency basis one delt day a week is not enough for your side delts which is why I noticed this is likely the only. Delts exercise he will have on the day is my assumption on the day or on the path micro cycle on the day on the day it's the only delt exercise I have but it's for my rep matches because he's going to do more frequency. I guess it's not a delt day yeah the delt day is another day after as well. Lastly I have to hit biceps but in two days you guys will see I hit them in a real and early way. There's still probably a little twinge sore just barely healed and since I hit them in two days anyway I can't mess them up ever since we discovered free motion behind the back curls and lying curls. And decline curls getting biceps as about as easy as getting hamstrings going which means like they'll just get sore for forever and they're growing like crazy but you just I don't need to do biceps for days a week any more since the exercise optimizations. So for cable bicep curls. It's a regular cable not free motion so it's not as homestadically disruptive. And that means I actually just do one set of 30 total for example my reps so that means like I'll do 20 I'll rest all to six I'll rest all to four and that's it. The whole thing takes me like a minute and a half to do it stimulates the biceps just enough to let them grow a little bit and then heal on time for two days for now when I'm day three I hit biceps FRFR what do you think. I'm not a fan of like high levels of intensity techniques super super early on especially like after long recovery phases and stuff. I just use it to save time yeah I modulate with lower total reps so like maybe I'll start with 20 reps or something like that. Yeah and there's your landing more and like the 10 to 15 before the first my rep all first set of 20 later. Because I am still a fan of including high levels of metabolism metabolism a tabloid accumulation deeper into mess of cycle or right cycles yes. All right day two that was all day one day two is chest triceps and forms I start with Smith machine in client presses. I've recently turned the bench around to bench not up and back on my slant but up and forward. And because up and back was causing so much friction with the machine that I was like not having fun. Up and forward I can do much less weight but it's so smooth. I can't wait for you to try it it's so smooth and I touch real high my clavicles and pull my elbows back really far to the Jerry presses going to get a team style. It's phenomenal exercise two sets of that my chest is very sensitive to volume and growth. Then stay in the Smith put the bench down and I do some with machine skull crushers. Three sets the first ones a straight set of about 15 to 20 reps the next two are my right match sets having the same exact reps of the first set but with as many many breaks. As needed and that really fries out my triceps but by triceps could use more frying and my chest is so sensitive that it could use a little bit more but not a ton. So my next exercise is going to be the incline dumbbell press. And that cool thing about the incline dumbbell presses if you have cooked your triceps just before. They have to be the limiting factor because even if your chest is strong enough to take over. If your triceps aren't being are put into position of let's say your dumbbell drifts in. If your triceps are cooked you can't use your packs to save them. If it was a closed system you could push just with your packs and the triceps would auto when you went up to turn on your elbow would track normally. And in dumbbell if you compensate with your packs you just lose the dumbbell this way. So dumbbell work after isolation work for triceps dumbbell pressing work really really really cooks the triceps again because they're pre exhausted. And then the major limiting factor. So for me that's really another five step exercise plus a little bit more pack activation a little bit more upper pack. And it seems to work really well for me. Have you ever experienced with that Jerry where you do something it's one way to do it. I've tried it. I just typically went back to the traditional like I probably flip those back around and just do one set of the dumbbell press. Yeah, you know what I mean. Yeah. And then because your your pectial like mine is like negative pretty sore pretty easy pretty fucking big. Yeah. You can really do one to two exercises of chest procession. It's like totally. But I just usually keep them together and then I'll just fuck my choice of soap. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But that's a that's a cool way to do it. Sure. The last thing I have on there and so the incline press is just two sets. Then I have one my a rep set but it's a very long my a rep set 60 total reps for of the free motion. Bar wrist curls. So the free motion you can put in the handles. But if you put the bar set up in, it's actually a super smooth easy rotating bar and I do the risk curls on it. And I do it very very small rest breaks. Probably a 20 RM 25 RM weight. And then I just do 60 total reps. I mean, it makes my forms sore for a few days and tired for multiple days. Because the next time I'll train them is going to be like really train them is going to be on the next on day four, which is again, back delts and biceps. My forms get hit already with that at maintenance for sure, just holding on to bars. I've managed to increase my forms. I's lately. It's been really awesome. But in order to bring some more balance for I physique and start training legs again, which I'm currently basically just not training legs and I will be as we'll see in a second. Just one form day per week works for me or sorry, two per week, one every half week. Over the past several months as I've been training forms, they've actually been getting more sore. I've been getting much better my muscle connection. And so if you think I've noticed with other muscles except years and years ago that when you aren't in tune with your training, you need more work to get the same result. When you're in tune with your training, you can like hook yourself like stiff leg and deadlift for hamstrings. If you don't know how the good technique works, you need four sets to do anything. If you have good technique, two sets later, you can't walk for half a week. Have you ever noticed that with other muscles? Back. Back. I probably last year when we went to Thailand, I met Aaron and everything. Was the first time I decided like, uh, get, I'm going to do a shit little link in partials. I'm going to hook my back and I'm going to treat this training very seriously. I treated that a couple months in Thailand basically like a training camp. And whenever I was like, made myself be excited about my back training, made myself like really in tune with, I'm training back in this exact what I'm doing is going to be fun hard. Yeah, my back was. And then I never really got sore. Did your back get sore? Yeah. Yeah, my nerve really got sore before. Pull up to do it periodically. And what about now? Oh, my god. He gets sore. And so you basically learned how to activate your back after it now. 14 years of experience. Yeah. That's a thing, guys. That's a thing is like, you can think you know it all. To paraphrase net, Nate Diaz, he get down. You can always learn better technique. You can always learn my muscle connection. These things take some times a year as in decades that develop. And then when you do, you're training becomes so efficient. Because the stimulus to fatigue ratio climbs, you don't need as many sets to the job. Kind of goes another thing or was back sets to. That's crazy. Yeah. Because I was always like 20 plus for that. Right. And it worked. But now it works super well. But with fewer sets, you get just more out of every rep. All right. Day three. Day three is a wacky day for folks. I'm going to tell you this right now. It's going to make no goddamn sense, but I can explain. Day three is an ML, ML game and amalgamation of all sorts of muscle groups you think wouldn't go well together. And I get a lot of critiques for the Sun, social media. Because people say, like, what even is this day? Well, you see, you're lost with that. Don't care. Say what? You're sticking with that. With what? Having the legs on that day. Yeah. Doing weird shit. Because here's the situation. I have a two part situation. Three part. One. I haven't trained calves all week. So I have trained calves. Jared, I don't count calves as a part of the leg. Because legs, does this glue, it's hamstrings and quads. Caves that have really functionally involved with those. That training, but can interfere with it. So you got to play it. But it will save. I also have to hit delts and biceps again. Biceps a mean bicep movement over the half micro cycle. And delts, I got to train them often. Like, Jared, wouldn't it be sweet if we got to a point where like every five days if we had delts really hard. We could just take that time to recover. Like, I'm not there yet. To be fully honest. Like. So functionally, if this is about an eight day micro cycle, I've got delts four times. Yeah. Biceps three times basically. Yeah. Two full ones and then two half one. But I also need to train quads and hamstrings and glutes. And I don't have to train them hard and hear as why. My quads and hamstrings, glutes have already been for my. Pite and the rest of my physique enormous. And one cool thing we know from exercise and sports science is that once you've been big in a muscle group getting back to that same size and even it will be beyond does not take much work. All I've been doing for the last eight months, nine months when you see this video is training legs with. Every eight days, I do two workouts for legs, which includes stiff leg and dead lifts with 135, 410. That's not a warm up. That's just all I do. I'll do 60 squats, 410 reps with body weight. And I will do one set of 10. Glute emphasis walking lunges. That's it. That is six total sets for legs, two sets for each muscle group per week. The RIR and all of that is like. Thirty or something. It's just to keep me limber for jiu-jitsu and because if you stop training legs all together your range of motion goes to hell, you start getting hurt all those bad stuff exercises good for you. Luckily my legs have downsized put not much. So that's neat and it means that I won't have to train them much to get them to start challenging my upper body again. For like oh shit, this we need to back off on on this because this is getting a little mary. Here's the day having said all of that. I start out with Atlantis laterals on the machine four sets. One anchor set three my right match sets reps about 20 reps per set. It's 80 repetitions of side dot work. I don't like doing it. I've been quite public about this. I don't even like training belts. Jared does I hate it. But it's good works got to get done. It's just got to get done and the Atlantis machine is awesome. The hatch means it gets done faster and it just force feeds me volume. Next is belt squat calves calves in the belt squat machine. I have an attachment forward at my gym. Awesome calves are going to be three sets. Each one has some higher ups in it. Each one has like two higher up breaks. That's all I need every five days man. Am I calves get cooking? My calves get sore for four days each time I train them. I know you can't relate to that because you don't train your calves in the second I do. They're sore for seven days. That's right for seven days. That's one of the reasons I want to be only people in the fitness industry who think soreness is a huge profound connection, predictably to growth. I will die in that hill unless I'm given incontrovertible evidence to disprove my position. But one of them is every single person you meet with a hugely genetically advanced body part. When they train it, they get incredibly sore. And I can't curious. You every, also everyone who has a body part that doesn't grow just can't get sore or is very, very, you have to put in the volume like crazy or just adapts after two weeks and stop getting sore. I can't get sore. 100% second I started getting sore. Right. My back progress has been insane. Right. Exactly. Exactly. Curious how that works. So for me, Bell squad calves, that's all I need. And then I do lying dumbbell curls on the bench for three sets, anchor set and two my right match sets because they can take the volume. My right match is also easy to do on lying curls. Good moon boon boon boon. Use hold of on your chest for five seconds and go boon boon boon. It just minimizes time requirement. Get you an gnarly pump. Every time I do this, new exercise with my right match system. My biceps gets sore for like two to three days and minimum sometimes four or five. If I did five sets of my Ramach on biceps, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be able to brush my teeth in next day. And my biceps is growing which is so cool. Just having bigger arms is so cool. I want to just meet Joe Campbell on smoke ten cigarettes kind of cool. You know, have too much cologne on that sort of cool, Jared. Yeah. Yeah. I get it. Next, my last two exercises. Three exercises. But not as many things in there as you would think. Stiff leg a deadlift. Two sets. Big deficit super slow. When I come back, I'm going to try them with no lockout just staying in the bottom half. It hurts. And it's like super as I far because you don't need to come all the way back. I've just been that fatigued. All I need is two sets because stiff leg a deadlift sort of incredibly hyper trophic. Huge stretch mediated hypertrophy and lathe and tension. But also for me, I'm just trying to build my hands up to where they used to be. And this is going to be totally enough. Then I go to belt squats after a short warm up. Two sets, one anchor set, one myra match set. I'm going to start with like 15 reps. But eventually work up to 20. 40 total belt squats with a bunch of rest breaks is like annihilation of my quads. And because I'm just coming back to it, it's just going to be like. I can't really myra match on a belt squats because it just failed. Yeah. I love trying to back to back and back to my circles and I can't do it. Yeah, so you have to let the reps drop off. I can do it, but it's hell on earth. And then I need two sets and I'm sore for five days. Yeah, I can rest 30 seconds and I'll do two reps. Yeah, that's insane. Yeah, that's wild. And lastly, here's the kind of trick. As soon as I finish belt squats for two sets or one set, then amira match set. As soon as I unclip, I grab a barbell or some kind of something to put on my back. And I start doing lunges. It's a one set, but it's myoreps. And about middle of the mesocycle end of the medical cycle, I'm going to work up to about 40 steps. Myoreps, on lunges are profoundly easy because you just stand there. You know, take a few breaths and then keep going. If you're doing like a 20 around load, man, it's just to God damn good. Because you know, Jared, like, if the barbell is comfortable on your back or if it's kind of like one of those bulk area and bags or something, maybe you're wearing a vest, maybe it's just body weight. You like aren't going to rack and then wait around and then do it again. You could take a lot of time. You could just keep stepping. And for me, that's going to cook my quads to completion. It's going to hit my glutes of tongue. Hamstrings already hit quads already hit that leg components from stiff leg and deadlift through bell squats and barbell lunges. That whole thing will probably take about 30 minutes. And so I have about 30 to 40 minutes for the first part with the delts and then calves and then biceps. And then a 30 minutes for the rest of it. Is that a leg day? No. Is it enough to bring my legs back up to what they used to be before I stopped trading them to let my upper body catch up and poor more resources in that? God, yes. And also, you guys might be curious about something. I put bell squat calves between laddorals and curls. Why? Two reasons. One, after a bunch of laddorals, if I go to curls, I got delts are kind of like, hey, idiot, there isn't any work. The other way around also sucks. So it's good to have a break between them because then they're fresh again and now I can really hit my biceps. The other reason is, I don't want insanely super pumped, super fatigued calves to go into my stiff leg and deadlift. Especially with bell squats, especially lunges. So I'm not trying to go to failure because my calves gave out. And so sandwiching the calves between shoulders and biceps chills the shoulders out. Let's the biceps train well. It also chills the calves out for when you do leg stuff later. That's half of a micro cycle. The days will be just like that in the second half after one or two days off. And they'll emphasize some different movements. I'll do some isolation, lat work. I'll do like a lying leg curl instead of a stiff leg. A deadlift. I'll do some scissy squats and maybe some different lunge variations. And so I'm just going to keep running this sort of program probably for months and months. Because this program is intentionally biasing towards my upper back width shoulder size, biceps, triceps size, forearm size, and calf size. And just allowing my legs to come up to standard, which you guys have a check out. So the picture is in editing Scott. We can attach some pictures of what my legs look like at the right before I detrain them. It's kind of absurd. I kind of have to have like a beard. If I full tilted my glutes and hamstrings and quads again back to maximum size, how heavy would I have to be to have an upper body that matches it? 270 or something stupid. Yeah. And like I could get to 270, but I will die from drug abuse on my way up. So I'm good. This, I really like this template. Yeah, there's just full on program design. There's a lot of nuances and things that you and I just were making programs for people. We don't even think about anymore. Yeah. The other things that we've implemented into the program. We understand why they're logical, but we can talk about them. And it's when I'm zooming out from someone's program. First is kind of like a frequency of muscles being hit order. They're being hit because there's smarter ways to do things in a way to do things. Like, yeah, doing full hamstring workouts before you go and try to bent real the next days. Complete the strange things that you clearly didn't see on Mike. So you're going to, you just heard Mike say his emphasis, right? What's the first thing he's training in a week? It's his back. That's his week. That's he's trying to bring up his, his lats or his, his, his, his, Thickness is, his, or no, with, with, with, triumphant. Triumphant is with, so he's doing a lot of vertical pulling and things like that. And that's the main thing he wants to bring up. He knows that's the main thing. He's going to call his dramatic effectiveness of physique outside of his lateral delts, which is the next thing. He's always hitting lateral delts before biceps. So he put the end of his program already logically. And he knew why he wanted to do that, but it wasn't expressed. It's just like, I'm doing this. I understand why I'm making my program. I've known to Billy fucking times. So when you zoom out of his program and you see the way he's structured it. It's pull push legs, which is also awesome because the back muscle it's yours, not interfering with anything for the legs. Like, like, like, like, like, like, don't lift the day of your goal. To put it a break. And after the leg day, you have a rest day or two rest days to recover for the pulling. Yes. So it's just logically that whole pull push legs. There's really intelligent, especially with that extra rest day out of them. Yes. And every time he does that, he's, let's say, the, the, because normally most people would put like pull push legs or push pull legs, whatever, hitting lateral delts and biceps on mostly their pushing and pulling days. Yeah. But you've structured it to where you have that extra rest day. So you've put your leg out of the biceps on your leg days. Yes. Now you have a day of rest between each of those as well. Yes. And you're trying to prioritize them, which is very intelligent. Yes. No overlapping soreness. More recovery time blah blah blah blah. So the entire structure and design of the program is very well thought out. Obviously, you know, Mike's a fucking sports scientist. He could solve the shit. But just so you all understand why he's structured it in that exact way. The frequency at which the muscles are hit and the order in which they're hit. For me as a coach, aligns very, very properly. I would say that's very intelligent. Thank you. Another thing is, that's unusual about this program. You should call out as like, why would I trade my legs after shoulder biceps in the same day? The answer is first of all, priority. I need bigger shoulders and biceps more than any big legs. And your legs, you could train even less than this and still get them back to the world. Yes. And almost everyone could do shoulders and biceps before legs and still get a great like workout. Maybe the opposite is yes, because you're warmed up. Everything's good. Great shoulders and biceps does not sustainably fatigue much. The problem is if you do shoulders and biceps after legs. Really, you can tell yourself you're doing it. But you're so tired. It's just an odd starter. Yeah. I have worked in the past where I did the legs in the am and I would try to lateral biceps in the p.m. Because it was more structured like this. And I wanted to dare rest between all of them, but it was still fucking hard. Yeah. You're cooked. So I would have to do either lateral biceps in the am. Ligs in the p.m. But then it's a whole day of kind of like, that was rough. Yeah. But this, this is definitely a better way out. Yeah. Guys, if you have any questions, comments, concerns, throw them in the, throw them in the comments. And if you guys want to try this exact program, you could easily build it as for the instructions. Maybe we'll even throw it in there as a template to the RP, a purgherfee app. See you guys next time. Bye.