At some point when I would flex my pecs and let go my pecs weren't relaxed. They were doing what's called benign speculations, which means you contract your muscle at a contract, then you relax, then your muscle goes, and then it relaxes. I took nine months off of chest training. I was in my early 20s. This was incredibly painful at the end of this nine months or close the end. I remember looking myself in the mirror and to my physique and crying. I actually started to cry because I built all stuff and then it was gone. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for the RP Strength channel. And today I want to tell you about four of some of the worst injuries that I've ever had in and around the gym and how they affected my training. How they happened and really, really importantly, how you can get all the gains that you've got coming to you while minimizing greatly the risk that you get injured like I did because I've been pretty smart with my training, but I've had times where I wasn't to start with my training. I can't benefit from those in the past because I already got these injuries, but I am benign fitting, benefiting from them now and into the future and you can as well. So let's plug in here and go down all memory lane there and see how many injuries I've had. Well, I'll have made me thought about not doing this thing no more just kidding. I never had an injury, maybe you consider the iron game as they call it, but I've had some pretty gnarly ones. Let's start out with injury number one. This is definitely my most crazy tail. I did this thing where I was training normally and then one of two things happened. I don't know which one of these two got me hurt, but I suspect it's one specifically. So one is I was trying to do some plyos for my chest and for my quads in addition to normal training because you're in early 20s and you're going to make it more jack somehow. So look really explosive movements with lightweight on top of normal training. And at the same time, I went down to a one muscle group every week frequency, the bros split and a little bit after that. I started to get a sensation in my in my pecs. Both sides, there was a little bit of pain kind of right on the outside here. And I also got the same thing in my quads at the same time. I backed off of my quads and that all went away though it took some time. But for my pecs, when I'm happening was I kept training them and at some point when I would flex my pecs and let go, my pecs weren't relaxed. They were doing what's called benign for simulations, which means you contract your muscle and it contracts, then you relax and your muscle goes and then it relaxes. Like they're still like not willful contraction going on afterwards. It feels like something's still squeezing. Like what the hell? In a first I thought like, oh, I'll be okay. I went up, did my usual sets and reps. And on set number two, always happen on set number two, scar tissue or something would give out on one of the presses. It was painful. I could feel like a tearing sensation. And the first time this happens, I was like, yep, tore my pecs. And I never got any bruising. All I got was a pretty decent amount of pain, difficult to even push a tiny little bit on like the edge of a door, very, very drastic pain when moving the pack around, had to train around it, laid off pec training for about two weeks, took another few weeks to ease back in and then everything seemed to be okay. Except I have these benign for the simulations all the time. Anytime I had to contract my pecs, I could feel them ruffling after and I was like, what the hell is going on? I went to rehab, they had no idea it was wrong with me. I went to neurologist, no idea it was wrong with me. This was in the early 2000s. I don't know if anyone knows what the shit is still to this day. But my quads went through this process too. I really backed off of quad volume and my quads stopped doing the articulating and they stopped having this little thing of pain in there and then it all was well. My pecs did not cooperate. I took nine months off of chest training, but I did it better. I did nine months of no upper body training at all. I was in my early 20s. This was incredibly painful at the end of this nine months or close the end. I remember looking myself in the mirror and to my physique and crying, I actually started to cry because I built all stuff and then that was gone. During the time that I wasn't training upper body, I was blasting the shit out of my legs. Some of the best dead lifts ever done. Some of the best walking lunges ever done and the problem is both dead lifts and walking lunges had me contracting my pecs with the dumbbells or something and I actually pulled my pecs during walking lunges. It took me a few months to realize like, wait a minute. Actually, these exercises are still hurting my chest. And I was like, oh my God, what the hell do I do? My shit is broken. Nobody could help. And later on, I got a handle on this issue to some good extent. I'll tell you how in a second. But I had the same experience with my triceps. But I know exactly when I got this experience with my triceps. It was, I was doing barbell rowing, cambered bar rowing, actually. And I had done a ton of volume. Usually I would do like six or eight sets of rows than move into pull downs. Rows are feeling so good. I believe I did 12 sets of 10 to 20 reps on rows. And after that, my triceps, my long head started to do the benign for situations thing and if I pulled too hard it would scar tissue would pop off or whatever it was. It caused a lot of pain for a few weeks as I rehabbed the region. So I realized that what probably got me this weird injury to begin with was acute, a single session, over training for a specific muscle. So taking one muscle very close to failure and all this was to failure training for 15 sets. And I remember I was doing the same thing in chest because I was trying the bros split was such a huge stimulus. Something went awry and I kind of never recovered. Since hurting my chest, what I was able to figure out was that if I warmed up with a few sets of five to eight reps of relatively light dumbbell flies with a slow eccentric in a deep stretch at the bottom, I could then train relatively heavy and very much reduce the probability that it would pull my pack again. But if I did more than two or three weeks of increasingly more difficult pack work, my pack would pull again or one of the other packs would pull again because it was like my body was permanently not able to handle stress like it used to before. One time over training, it was awful. So over time, I actually quit powerlifting pretty much because of this. And I never benched heavy ever again. I went for big incline presses, which were less probability of injury, overhead presses, which are pretty close to zero. I got really good at overhead pressing. And I got into hypertrophy work for packs moderate rep range, just still close to failure, but no sets of five to ten or even five to 15, very hard, bull max using all of your packs like I used to back and powerlifting. And I've never done that since. So this is an injury that's kind of hurt me forever. The tricep thing, I still deal with as well. It's a very well-managed, but what helped me there was instead of pack flies, it was overhead work for the lats and the triceps. So pull over is a various kinds, slow control, to find include those regularly for some reason and help stimulate the area enough and kind of rehabilitative way or something like that, to where it's good to go. And so I don't know how exactly these injuries happened, but what I do know pretty well was every time before they happened, it was a crazy amount of one session volume. Now Jared, father, I see Pro, who's sure I'm currently wearing, he's had friends and clients actually get a rabble my license, a kind of acute decomposition of the muscle from way too many sets in one workout. So what I'll tell you guys this as far as how you can avoid doing it is no one workout is ever going to make a break you. No one workout is ever going to be the difference between gaining a lot and gaining nothing. And accumulated workouts over time, assuming that you are healthy, not hurt, or what's really going to help you be able to drive those gains. And so if you are used to doing four sets of chest, just do five in the next workout. If you're using you doing eight sets of chest, just do nine or ten in the next workout. Don't have a workout with six sets of chest and then do 12 sets of chest all the way to failure. There's probably a very low chance you will get hurt, but it's not zero and it's higher than if you just randomly roll the dice. So yeah, you'll know workouts are fun, but if you want to drive that relative effort, how close to failure, how many drops it's you're doing that totally cool, just make sure your total number of sets is constrained because what I did in these workouts that got me hurt was I just kept going way beyond the muscle being beat to death. That's high got him trouble. That injury is now feeling a lot better, but my triceps never going to be the same again. So in jujitsu, I can't snap people down super hard because if I try to do that very likely my triceps are going to pull. I can never use my chest for maximum pushing strength ever again. My quads have since healed and I've squatted my biggest weights, but not the same for chest and triceps, future pharmacological tears, please cure me, but until then I have to do very, very controlled lifting in those exercises and it kind of sucks. Heavy pull ups are also out because they use the long head, it blows. Next injury number two, I got a herniated disc from doing squats in good mornings in the same workout, but it wasn't the squats in good mornings actually that screwed me over. It was overhead presses, how the hell is that possible? I got really into overhead pressing, it was a very, very good at it. And after this injury, I would become even better at it later. But what I was doing was a lot of standing overhead press with a nicely and like your supposed to. That irritated my sacrily act joint, my aside joint was really inflamed and what tended to really hurt was having a very upright posture when doing squats for example. What tended to make it feel better is if I rotated my pelvis under a little bit, bear down with my abs and did squats that way. And that's the way you're supposed to do them for strength sport. But it turns out that my aside joint was a more inflamed on one side than the other. And I was an idiot. I was getting through some squats in good mornings and I felt like, okay, if I tilt my hips a little sideways, rounding only one part of the hip and not the other, I'm like pain free when I do this movement. Did it felt like a weird shot from the middle of my back down my leg and I was like, Duff, that was strange. And then over the course of the next several hours, I got to a pain level that was debilitating. I couldn't get out of bed. And I couldn't feel if I touched the skin of my hamstring and my glute in one small part in that area. I couldn't feel my skin. I could just feel my finger, but I couldn't feel through my own leg. And I was like, oh, as definitely herniated, something other. God, all the situation done, all the medicine, the only thing that really worked was resting for a while and very limited mobility. And then when I got back into training, I actually rehab the shit like, I don't want to say textbook, but by then I was a PhD student. I did it well. What I did was I did zero back movements that required flexion extension, nothing that loaded the spine. For legs, I started back with high bar squats, but with extra plates under my heels and weightlifting shoes. And I pushed my knees as far over my toes as they would go on state completely weirdly upright. That didn't round my back at all and allowed me to do leg stuff. I actually used a collusion training, so I would take knee reps and wrap around my proximal thigh area so that my quads would fill up with blood and I would do like multiple sets of 10 to 15 reps like that get crazy pumps. And I remember growing lots of muscle during that rehab phase, which started like a week after I got hurt. And then by the time that I was repping three plates again for sets of 10 in that style, I had gotten bigger quads than ever. And then shortly after I actually recorded a video for YouTube, it was 405 for five sets of 10, one of my best squats at the time. Everything was on Kidori. Shortly thereafter I got back into Slitha like a deadlift and good mornings, but with very low weight and literally taking like six to eight weeks to ramp back up to remotely normal weights and with a huge emphasis on stellar technique. So first of all, don't round your back if you're not used to it. Lesson number one, in heavy lifting. Two, don't asymmetrically round your back. You're going to round one side round the other side for the love of God. And three, you can 100% make a full comeback. And now I still can't feel part of my skin on my leg, believe it or not. But I haven't had any reversals or any kind of crazy shit with my lower back since it's actually completely asymptomatic other than that. And so a lot of back injuries will get back basically to 100% but it is critical you guys that you take your ego and you go, I'm saving this ego for big lifts and big jack muscles in six months. That's when I'm going to feed the ego because I really care about my ego. You guys thought that I was going to say kick the ego out the door. No, the ego is important. It's why you lift weights. Let's just be honest Scott, I need to bait on that. No debate. No debate. Just ego. And we put the ego on a timer. It says, we're going to start you off here. But because we care so much about our ego, we're going to do the stuff now we don't want to do, which means very isolated movements, very upright postures, very slow eccentric control with pauses and blood flow occlusion and high reps and all that shit that makes leg training even worse. But after you slowly work up five and ten pounds at a time over months, you're going to realize that you have bigger quads now, bigger whatever muscle that was hurt in the process. And your technique is better. Here my muscle connection is better. You're joints all around your body are better because you haven't been hammering the whole body with heavy weights. And now you're able to work back into strength slowly. Be the strongest you've ever been and the more in the most jacked. So overall as far as raw gains and muscle size, I basically lost nothing through that spinal injury because I was able to be like, okay, okay, okay, I'm clearly not in the position to lift heavy for a while. Let me lean in to very isolated hypertrophy training. And guys, that's a massive unlock. If you can't go heavy, you go high rep with short rest and lots of sets. That, according to all the science we have, makes you at least as jacked is going heavy. And for low versus high volume, going lighter actually will get you even more jacked if the volume is very high. So if you get hurt in a very in any kind of similar way, put your able to do full range of motion for even other muscle groups around that hurt area, lighter, higher up, shorter rest break with very good technique and the very good mind muscle connection, take that opportunity to upgrade your ability to be aware of your body and be a better technician later in training. And the massive muscle gains that are come from that. The alternative is twofold. One, you could just give up and not lift for a while and then just tell guys again that, have been lifting it a while. He's got to ask me what's wrong with why not. What's wrong, right? Yes, me on with my back man, it's my elbow. It's like shoulder. It's like a knee thing. You know, it's my ankle. Yeah, not like in high school. No, not high school. I was a godbro. Yeah. Telling you man, no one's ever run as many touch passes with downs as my received in my track career rugby. So you could do that. Or you can every few weeks try to go heavy again with your normal technique for heavy lifting, get re-injured like a mother for her or irritate the area and then just be back to square one. Those are two shit options. I'll take isolation body building for 500 Alex. It's a jeopardy joke for young people that don't know what jeopardy is. So game that Scott and the in the now that O3 exists, jeopardy is pointless, isn't it? Oh yeah, I mean, I'm going to point less the whole time. But yeah, now it is. It's really not impressive. So just make sure you understand. And this may be one of the more important lessons I have for you guys for today is when you get her, you got to flip the switch. I'm a machine. The machine is malfunctioned. What is logically a good idea for me to do to get the machine back on track in it's due time. Now, in the time I want in the time with which tissue actually takes to heal. Be patient, train hard, high reps and very good technique. Icellate that area away from harm. You'll be back in what looks in retrospect like no time even better than you walked in. Or you can ever really bad time. Injury number three, this one is not so important to lesson or I guess not so intricate to lesson but important nonetheless. So I was training in New York City at 19th Street Jim, which is now known as better some, some other name. It's on 19th Street in New York. There's only one of these gems. And Mr. Nick Shaw and I were training early days when we were personal trainers and we were doing barbell walking lunges and I was doing sets of 10 with 245 pounds. And I took a step and I heard an audible tearing sound and pain on my inner thigh and I was like, oh god damn it, I racked the weight and I was like, try to do a bodyweight lunges like, nope, that's a torn ador in it's shirt. It was bruised up. Nothing crazy but enough to be like, yeah, things came off of me. It was really tough to walk like I remember I was taking the subway a bunch walking up the stairs and the subway took like forever. I said to walk like one leg at a time, sleeping was more difficult because anytime I moved it would hurt. It was a tough few weeks. I rehabbed the injury super well, never paid for it again. I never went all tra heavy and lunges after that because I'd always felt kind of weird. I probably could have but then I realized what I'm about to tell you right now is that going all tra heavy and lunges is kind of pointless. If you can make most of the weight go onto your front leg, under your lead leg, you got a cropped on a bluehead perpetuity anyway with a relatively low loads. So there's no reason to do that. I'll tell you guys this, there are ways of using very heavy weights but with very long steps, slow descents until the knee gently touches the ground and then a little pause at the bottom and a comfortable ascent. When I was doing these, I was yellowing. I was doing the SAMHSA look, which is get something heavy weight in your hands and go. Now it was more a lot of full range of motion. It was like something you would see and be like, well that's really impressive. Two, I mean, 245 pounds. That's two plates and a 10 on each side like walking up and down, lunch-wise with a bar. Like pretty dope. It's got nothing you see usually I guess, right? Like no. And so I was touching my knee to the ground but it was quick and the descent was quick and the stance wasn't as wide because I was falling into that thing of how do I lift the most weight and impress myself with a highest number of reps with a given heavy weight? And I paid for it with an injury and then after that I cleaned up my lunges and my glutes only ever got bigger because I started taking longer steps, sinking slower in, doing slightly higher reps and really shifting my weight to my front foot, which was a trick I only learned like 20 years later when I was training with Jared Feather. If you take all of that into consideration, think the big lesson is this, anytime you are working for physique like you want to be your most jacked and there is an exercise that you could do yellow style like let's go have you in scling and bang or you could do it controlled style. Really the only thing you have to ask is just two questions. One is one of these is going to get me better gains and the answer is no they both work for roughly equivalent gains and two, which one is statistically more likely to get me hurt and it's clanging and banging by a long shot. And so then you end up doing the slower, more controlled reps, not super slow but control and super deep and a big stretch, nothing crazy explosive, not because you think that's going to get you more jacked, it's not yellow lifting, it's really jacked. It's only because you've been hurt before and you're like, I'm good bro. I don't care to be known as that guy who lunges a lot who's also hurt. I do care to be known about that guy that's just cheeked up, chettered out. You know what I'm saying? Peach gang 24-7 just like a dog just glutes. That's what I want. I eat, I want gains. So if you want gains and you have an ego about the shit like you try to fucking like move mega steel, listen all love and respect, I used to do the same thing. Consider going a bit more controlled so that you reduce your probability of injury. So you never have to get hurt. That's absolutely the best thing that can happen as you just never get hurt. But after you get hurt, if you get hurt, then it's going to be like, mm, yeah, okay, time to slow it now. Huge deal guys, huge deal, very, very important to convey. Because if you think about the glory of just like lifting tons of weight outside of a sanction meet, is fickle. The glory of permanently living in a really jacked body, bro, that shit lasts. And remember, that's why you're in the gym to begin with. You want to get super f***ed jacked. If you want to get really strong, you got to train the couple after a strong man. That's a whole different game altogether. But if you think a lot of people get confused just to why they're in the gym, they started in there because they're jacked. They realized they were pretty strong. They just start chasing weights. Technique goes out the window. One torn ad after later, you really rethink some shit. Last injury for you guys, injury number four was I did a whole lot of Brazilian digits to that week. And then I went and did some overhead pressing in a machine, everything felt fine. And then I went to go do one set of upright rows with dumbbells. And I picked up the weight and I did a few reps and all of a sudden it felt like my delt and trap mega contracted by themselves. I was like, what the f***? It was just really weird like searing pain, like burning. And my delt started like moving. But the nine physicians on its own and so did my trap. And I was like, what the f***. Rack the weights. And I was like, this is, this is not good. Pain is raiding down my entire right arm at this point. I'm like, oh shit. So I realized after trying it a few more times over several years, every time I do just dumbbell, dumbbell upright rows, something in here goes, I get crazy nerve pain and I can't do it anymore. This injury was pretty gnarly. You guys will notice that I'm many of you in the channel have already noticed that I lean back when I talk most of the time. I'm actually leaned back. That is because if I lean forward and sit completely vertically, like if you were to take me to the bar to buy me drinks to try to get in my pants, the M. Me. Boys only over 18, but under 25, I want that innocence, right Scott? Like, you know, in his eyes wide when you talk about career and you're like, just drink more. Dr. Mike, oh my goodness, I can't believe it. Was Jimmy your name? You're a star as an as a big. I stayed. Do you want an internship at our P.U.T.? There are ways of getting those. Anyway, if you're a 24 year old with dreams and hopes still, and your name is Jimmy, see you in the comments. I can't sit vertically for too long. It's getting better slowly after like a decade, but if I sit vertically for a while, adjust like completely upright, and especially if I lean over onto a bar, I start to get pain through my right arm. Because some shit on my neck is not zigged once. It's not zagged back quite yet. So, really annoying injury. I was able to go back and train really hard very shortly thereafter, but I can never do dumbbell upright rows again. So far, I'm not trying. Every time I try to go and went, that was really fine. And if you think about it, you're like, my career reasonably educated person, how is it that you do barbell upright rows? Cable upright rows, face poles, dumbbell ladders, but dumbbell upright rows of the thing that just gets you. I have no idea. I have absolutely no idea. And if anyone's really sharp on the injury stuff, sure, I would share a like to know about it. And it's really frustrating to have that happen to you. But at the same time, I'm counting my blessings because as long as I kind of sit lean back most of time, and I don't do dumbbell upright rows, everything is fine. I never got to crazy muscle asymmetries from it. Like, because people get neck injuries and they will have like one of their arms or biceps or something atrophy like relative to the other side. It's really, really wacky. And this one, I suppose is a bit of a somber tone. What do I mean by that? For all the other injuries so far, what I had for you is actionable steps about how you could avoid. Let's go through them really quick just to get a good review. Pack and try some aquatic things. Don't you'll know you're training and training like double your training volume in any one session. It's not worth it. That was the take home. Herni at a disc always maintained good technique. And if you do get hurt, it's really, really, really, really going to work out if you slowly come back in. Instead of trying to be a hero right away or just quitting the entire thing. The addoctor tear technique is number one. Don't just you'll know weight. Instead of you all knowing volume like the first one, going ultra heavy just for the shifts and giggles is not worth it. Have really, really good control, really good eccentric control, really good pauses at the bottom. You probably won't get hurt. The take home points for this one for the trap del nerve neck injury is like, I guess once I knew that dumbbell upright rows were a non-starter and I had loved the exercise for years. I still love the exercise. Once I knew that was off limits, I just worked around it. And once I knew that I couldn't sit upright much, I just worked around it. Now that's a shit lesson because it's like, I didn't really resolve did it. But sometimes your best bet is just to work around the thing and slowly try to work back into it with light weights and low volumes to see if it gets better. And most of the time it will. But I guess the main point for this fourth and final injury I'm talking to you guys about is if you train hard and you do sports, it is almost certain that you are going to get hurt. Now, if you use the RPI Purcharfie app and if you look at our video descriptions of how to do the exercises, you listen to our YouTube chats about how good technique works, your probability of injury is going to be lower, link in description. However, can I tell you, and remember, we never, with you on this channel, now it's all right, take them back. We've, with you all the time, we never lie to you. We're always keeping it in a hundred. Can I tell you that you can get zero risk of injury? No, you lift heavy things, your probability of injury over the course of your career is almost certain. The real question is, if you're smart and training, how bad is your injury, what do you do about it? If you're real smart, your injury probably won't be that bad. Difficult to get an impulse to pick, but possible to get a strain or something in your rotator cuff goes wacky, shit just happens. In your e-will occur. And then your next thing is, how do I deal with it? Are you allowed to get depressed about it? Sure, if there's a girl in your life that likes to give people pick me up, blow jobs after they get hurt, she's great person to have in your text threat. It's got why you left. It's nice girl. She's great. Out here doing God's work. Hey, how are you? I just got off early. You're like, oh man, I'm gonna hurt. She's the kind of, let me come over and massage you. I have oils. You're like, yeah, sweet oils. A saint, like the mother Teresa. Mother Teresa, plus blow jobs. But, you know, I mean, father blow job. They're blow job. Would you leave it in the, if you're injured enough and pissed about it, you're not even in the mood for schlusees. You're like, I don't know. You have to be really injured, I think. I think you're just really hoarding. It's got, haven't been injured in a long time. Guys, before I hurt Scott with my hands and then see if I can give him blow job, just remember, you get hurt. You can be depressed about it. You're entitled to that for a few minutes at least, maybe even a few hours. Think about this. In a few months, there's going to be a version of me that's more jacked, more ripped, and stronger. How do I get there? The answer is, back away from what got you hurt. Do all the other stuff, hard, that isn't at all related to your injury. And then over the next few weeks, very gently slowly with super lightweight, super low volumes, very big range of motion, start rehabbing the area that got you hurt. After a few weeks, start to do some serious trading with a very light moderate volume, low arrest break, very meticulous technique. And then after a few weeks of that, you're going to be able to come back in to relatively normal training and them look, you're promised to yourself that future several months from you, from now you is going to be better. You can try to do the same shit that got you hurt. You can pretend you weren't hurt. How many people get hurt? And they're like, gosh, you had to just have to take more. I'd be poor from for an accession. Don't do that. Stay away from what hurt you. ease back into it, work up over time. You'll be golden. I've been hurt way more times than this. These are just the top four, like most intense, most memorable injuries, nicks and pains, and all the so-called stuff I've had dozens. And I got back. I'm currently sitting right now in front of you near my very best in a few months. I will be almost certainly my very best physique ever at age 41. And the way I did it was some combination of stupidity, learning about it, and then doing better. We're on the same journey. If you guys watch videos like this, you'll probably do a little less stupidity, a little bit more learning about it and be even more jacked. And that's what it's all about. Now go out there. Don't get hurt. Get jacked. I'll see you guys next time.