Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization, and I have a cool technique for you to try in the gym. Maybe today, maybe tomorrow, maybe the day after that didn't roll off the tongue. In any case, it is my rep match sets. Some of you may have heard of them. Please help in the comments to describe to people who have questions then. Some have not. What are they? So we're familiar with my reps. And my reps, invented by better gay, faggurally, I think I said that mostly okay. He's from Norway. He's got a funny Norwegian name. It's a form of rest-pause training where you do a set of 10 to 20 repetitions pretty close to failure. You rest for 0, 3 to 5 seconds or something like that. Sometimes even 5 to 10. And then you continue doing a few more little mini sets called my rep sets where you get just 5 to 10 reps and then another 5 to 10 reps, then another 5 to 10 reps, you can do one more of these sets or two or three even four of them. What they do is because you come close to failure on the first set, you can start the next set in a pre-fatee state and get more failure approaches without having to do as many what are called lead in reps. And this is a pretty good way of training in many instances and something I use a bunch. But here's a limitation of my repsets. Typically what's going to happen is you're going to do one of these where you do 10 to 20 sets and then another set of 8 to another set of 6 and another set of 5 and then you're done with little mini breaks in between. And then like that's what you do for the exercise. And that's totally cool but you may need more volume, more stimulus because some muscles particularly ones that are smaller and that's need to be bigger and are very fatigue resistant and hypertrophy resistant that just don't grow much just a few my repsets or four sets of 10 or 12 is just not driving enough disruption and enough growth. If that's the case you can pull a rabbit out of a hat and do my rep match sets and here's what they look like. You do one set straight normal straight set let's say it's going to be something usually like 10 to 20 reps. Whatever reps away from failure you are in your hypertrophy training up your RP hypertrophy up that week. There's three or two or one reps in reserve whatever it is. You just stop there. So let's say it's the first week it's you know two or three reps in reserve. You stop and you get 18 reps set one right down 18 reps right into your rule will track or that right into how many reps you got. You rest a normal amount of time. Two or three minutes whatever check the four factor rest time box. And then you do the next set and you pre-type in advance into your RP hypertrophy up. 18 you're going to get 18 reps. There's a hold on Dr. Mike and nuts. What if I'm too fatigued to get 18 all in one stretch? What if I get 15 and then I'm like at failure or I hit two reps and reserve for sure and I'm like I should stop you should stop. Stop hit your 15 or whatever you can. Stop rest three to five seconds. It's a myor upset now and then finish the set with as many reps as it takes to finish the set. So if you got 15, rest a few seconds and then crank out the last three. First set was 18 straight. The next set is 18. How if you can get there with a straight set and get your failure proximity cool if not you'll need a myor upright break. The next set and the next set and the next set however many myor upright match sets you want to do. You're going to be using myor ups and every set as many break as needed and thus as many many myor ups sets is needed each set to match the first rep number you hit in the first set. So if 18 is the number you hit in the first set the second set 18 reps the third set 18 reps and if you do a fourth or fifth set it's 18 and 18 which means as you do more sets and you get more tired. Each sets first mini set goes from 15 to 13 to 10 to 9 and then the number of mini sets you have to do after to get to 18 or whatever your goal is for the first set that was established then the more of those sets you have to do and the more failure proximity you get. So as you do more and more work sets the number of times you come closer to failure increases as you do more and more work sets. That means that the stimulus that you're driving in becomes incredibly high very fast. Volume is a big deal. Just doing three sets of 18 is going to give you a whole lot of repetitions and that's a really good thing. What does that like? 54 or something like that? Yeah 54 total reps. Doing 54 total reps in any other capacity is going to give you almost the same stimulus but not quite because if you did three sets of 18 and rested so much between all the sets that you went fresh each time and you got 18 18 or if you did let's say oh I don't know five sets of 10 and then a set of four that means you got six failure approaches or in the first one when you did 18 18 18 you got three approaches to failure and approaching failure getting to that last few months or for failure. A button beyond the stimulus you get from just doing all those reps, the volume. You get an extra bit of stimulus just from getting closer to failure. There's something more hypertrophic about that. In a myriad match set in the first set you get one approach to failure. Still seems like the same as any other normal set. In the second set you may get another two approaches to failure. Not just one too so you're already ahead. In the third set you may get three approaches to failure and in the fourth set you may get three or four approaches. That's like more than 10 approaches to failure whereas in the other conditions it was either three approaches to failure if you did 18 18 18. If you did five by 10 and then a four that's only six approaches to failure. The total volume between all three conditions is the same but in the myriad match condition you make the relative effort harder because you are driving close to failure all the damn time especially in the later set. This method of training allows you to first of all need a little bit less time to do all the stuff because you don't have as many sets to rest between many of the myorupsets but also it takes about as difficult of training as you possibly can do and squeezes it into as few sets as you can do short of just doing everything as a myorupset which can get insanely exhausting and here is another thing. In a myorupset if you just do every set myorupset so the first set you do 18 and then four and then three the second set you do another set of three myorupsets you're 60 and five and three the goal is just to do myorups and that can get really overwhelming psychologically because you have to keep trying this kind of no end to slightly just try your hardest go to two hour an hour and I'm like oh my god it's really easy to to slack off as you get more fatigue but in a myorups match that your first set is the only one you really have to psychologically try try in a sense because the second set you already know how many reps totally going to need so all you need to do is push as close as you can to get that number and then you got a little few seconds to rest and go again and if you need two approaches to failure or you need three approaches to failure it kind of doesn't matter it takes the pressure off in a big way. In a certain sense the use of myorupsets is kind of like every set after the first is a little bit of a combination of myorupset and the giant set it's just a total rep number you have to hit and you can only rest a few seconds between many attempts as you go. This is a big deal it is totally point us to do this for muscles that are very big very strong generate a lot of systemic fatigue and require a huge cardiovascular component like with squats and bent rows you will gas stuff back out way before you need that much stimulus if you do this to hamstrings on stiff leg of dead lifts you're going to do three sets and you're never walk again it's overkill for most applications it's just way too much volume and way too much relative effort way too many failure approaches but with muscles like the side delts sometimes calves for some people especially you small calf mother fucker. Rear delts can over train those by-seps for some people form curls for some people and even isolation exercises like tricep pushed down leg extensions sometimes leg curls when you need to cram a crap load of stimulus in and you don't want to take forever to do it. Myra match sets are a great way to go and they also have another bonus that first set is a true straight set which means you can use it to peg your performance to compare from session to session week to week and know if you've hit your maximum recover volume or not because there's a problem if you just do only myra sets last week you got you know 27 total reps on your first set and it took you three a failure approaches this week you got 28 total reps but it took you four failure approaches are you weaker or stronger it's really hard to tell you could be tanking and you could be overextriding it's time to deal with your leg arms still always do more myra sets and if you're not counting them very formally which doesn't make them higher upsets really anymore I mean not constraining yourself to certain rep numbers you're all over the map but an a myra match that that first set acts as your anchor in two ways one it tells you how many reps you're going to have to make for all the other sets total and two it's the really the set that purely measures your objective performance so if this week you got a hundred pounds for 18 reps and next week you got 105 pounds for 18 or 19 reps hey you're not under performing you're going to go feel free to overload another week or another session but if in another week that first set is 110 pounds but I did 14 reps and you've went to failure like okay I'm not I'm under performing now funny enough there's a lot of mental math you can do where you don't know what you sort of similar but the weight is up but the reps are now does that balance out here's a really cool thing the RPI purgifi app link in description by the way I need lambos it actually does that math for you totally internally using an algorithm we call the rep points algorithm and it's top secret but basically it can tell you whether or not you over are under performed and it'll flag you us like yeah this is your doing not doing so well so maybe take a recovery week or even just a recovery session so that rep point system will identify when you're off track and it can do that really really objectively if you do my rep match versus just regular my reps because there's fewer degrees of freedom look if you can't not up and do that first set and hit a little mini PR you're done it's time to deal out at least time to think about it my rep match sets have huge advantages the only thing I'll say is this they are really really a huge amount of stimulus and unless the muscle can take it and unless the systemic fatigue is relatively low I would not recommend to just go and do these because you can get really carried away here's an example if you go and do leg presses and you normally do three or four sets of leg press couple sets of squats in your quads or cooked if you do four sets of my rep match leg presses you can get up to getting like 80 reps on the leg press really fast I did that once not so long ago and I was getting a tour of a strength training facility actually the University of Michigan strength facility and this is big ramp they have there but athletes do like ramp work like run up and down the thing and I could say barely walk up the ramp and I was like oh I did a bad thing and then it was so for like seven days for sure overkill for sure too much damage not enough growth not great news so use this wisely and over the course of a mesocycle you can add in another my rep match set but remember this adding another my rep match set means especially if you go from like two to three sets or three to four you're not adding one set in the traditional way you are adding a set of another three or four approaches to failure within that's in a certain sense like adding another two or three sets so sometimes what I like to do and this is real bonus points advanced level stuff if I have hamstring curls and I do a set of 18 and then a set of my rep match 18 and I get pretty sore and healed just on time next week I might do 18 18 and then like 10 or 12 and that last set is not a minor match set is just a regular straight set and I've been asked this question before because I post my training on social media by the way a doctor my cousin column Instagram if you want to follow me I post a bunch of my actual day-to-day training a few people were like why is it in my right match you do you forget to do the other six repetitions there why is that the 12 and that in 18 and my answer is bro if I do another two failure approaches which is what it would take me to get to 18 from 12 at that rate I would just never recover my hamstrings would be super sore the next time I try to train them half a week later and that would be bad news so something you can do is maybe ease in half of my right match set at a time if that's the case but if you have a really hard-perchryfy resistant muscle they can take a lot of volume like side delts or something start with two my right match sets like one straight set and then a my right match set just two sets and the next week if you're delts same fine at a third one and the next week at a fourth one and cramming a cramplot of volume in actually a pretty short time it turns out and in a way that you can psychologically really compartmentalize and be like I'm locking it in 18 reps come halor high water in a fun needle rest break I can take a rest break and just finish them it works super well I've been using him a ton in my training travel full-bright the manager of our team full-rong group has been using them a ton Jared uses them a ton it works it super super super works it's really effective and for a lot of muscle groups I came from the perspective of like my arms my biceps which I've seen a ton of growth and lately actually using the RPI purge if you have if I may say but for real for real I saw a ton of growth in part because I figured out how to put my muscles in long muscle lengths and I do a lot of curls from behind the back and stuff and not a lot of curling up here but in part because I stopped thinking of just straight sets only because like if I wasn't getting a pump or very much stimulus from five sets of biceps like you know real talk like body buildings the shit and all fuck that I'm not in the gym doing seven sets of fucking curls what and then stand around for two minutes not have a pump I elbows hurt how am I doing this it can be brutal but for my rep match sets each one getting me to 15 or 20 curls unreal pump soreness in my biceps for the first time in years and mega games because it can take a crab load of work condensed the low in crap out of it organized it for you allow you to progress with it it's amazing and if you're using the RPI purge fiat what you do is you type in you just write you know pick your exercise let's say cable curls cable bicep curls and then you pin a note to it and you type in the note my rep match you know 18 18 18 check check check the next week you come in and I'll say cable curl and it'll be like it wants you to do 19 reps all across the board with you know the same weight or something or an increase in weight in the same 18 reps and then you see the note says my rep match you know like ah okay that's why it was striped for God that's why it's all it looks like straight sets but it's really my rep match and you don't need to count the number of match sets that's the best part about my rep match with my rep you need to like cut right down how many my rep breaks you have potentially can be helpful but because you know you need to know how much overload to percent but with my reps all you need to do is write that first rep number down and then 18 is the first rep number for first set and then it's 18 18 18 18 you don't need to write 12 comma three comma whatever you don't have to do that because we all know it's as many as it takes all the way to get and you can say hey listen we don't you water right into now because you want to match performance no because the first set anchors performance and if you underperform on the first set you know your fucked and if you perform well on the first set doesn't matter how the other sets go your body is ready and I've only said your body is ready to three other people then they all ran that's how they do the people that I try to be friends with humans never understand me and my immortality can you relate maybe if you can tell me the comments if you can't tell me the comments you want more nerdy videos we have a whole section ton of extra goodies for just a little bit of your harder money in the members area team for on forum google it join it and I have a map our p hyper trivia but I'll be saying that a lot because it's the real deal folks thank you so much tuning in see you next time