Come on. Come on. Yeah. Go. Oh, oh, oh. That's the plot. The ass. Slow. Slow. Oh. I'm leaving. Oh. Folks, we are here live in a sense. What's live for us isn't it? Thank you. From Orlando, Florida and Iron Religion, Jim, where Iron is never legit. We're all converts now. God bless. And we have two things to say to you. One is this is Mr. Jimmy House. Jimmy's going to be training back. And this motherfucker's strong as hell. You think you're strong? Not. What's your best bedlift? Well, actually just another week, Jen and I developed it together. That's very footage. But I did pull a hundred pounds of cheater deadlift at part of our day on the way. You blew it up. There's a hundred pounds on the left. Draw three. Five out of here. Fuck. Anyway. Jimmy allegedly is drug free. But listen, hot of serious note. Jimmy's going to train back. And when you can hold 700 pounds for reps on back, your grip wheel, not last. Which is why today he will be using the great verse of grips product. Now it used to be the case that verse grips didn't know who we were. ignore all of my pathetic begging for a sponsorship. Now, the Versa Group company, they have ignored all my calls and emails. For me, Versa's are absolutely critical. I'm not a branded partner. They said, fuck you, Mike. But recently, they were like, oh, oh, Dr. Mike. Yeah, yeah, Versa Group. So now we are officially R.P. In Versa Group's intertwined so does he. And we're going to do back. Jimmy's going to crush it. And we're going to tell you all about how Versa Groups are amazing. And there's a lot to tell. So let's get to it. Yes. First up is the Prime Row. You're going to notice that we have the pin setting relatively high. Most of the weight high up a little bit of the weight on pin number two. This is going to give us the ability to get a huge, crazy load of structures like the signs of the glitters, your sizes. Pretty close to optimal. And then the top a nice P-contraction or really feel what I'm. This machine gives that amazing amazing ability to have awesome loaded stretch for that raw stimulus magnitude. And an incredible mind muscle connection with the top. Very rare that an implement belt lets you do both. The Prime Row is kind of superior if you ask me. And I do own what at home and what are your own home gem. So, not all BS. Yes sir. Yes sir. Good. Yes. Good nice and slow. Nice and slow. And chest re-solver. Re-solver. And the rack. That's it. Yeah, there are two cues you're here like. Don't reach over the pad the way you reach over pad. And don't lean off the pad like this. Both of this bullshit. Yeah, okay. You're literally just training the back more. Through more engine motion by doing both of those things. Now with this happening, that just causes everything to squeeze a little bit harder at the top. By doing this? Yeah, this is your leaning back and you're hitting everything. And then you're starting from this position. And so this position, which leads to more of a stretch too. Because you're coming from this fully contractive position. You're not through that full tire engine motion. And most people keep their chest here and like go like this. And stop here because they don't want to round. There's always over the pad. You're literally training for more engine motion. That's completely okay. And you're hitting everything in the back. A row is for the entire back. Yeah, I thought. It's not for talking in the last. It's not for whatever else you hear. It's for hitting the entire back. What is so good about verse grips? Why are they better than straps? Verse grips are made of a material that I'm not sure what it is. And I frankly don't understand. I'm not sufficiently intelligent. I understand material science. And it's just not in my bandwidth. So whatever, magic space, age material. The thing with verse grips is as you wrap them in. All you have to do is apply enough pressure to hold the grip down. Your wrist will snap off before that thing moves. In almost every exercise, verse grips stay super tight. And that means that you can have a huge, huge benefits for your training. You have chest reach over, big chest reach over. Hold. Grab. Yeah, we'll say with straps like to just have straps. I can put my hands in form, still tire out. Yes. This one, even at the fingertips you can still hang on. Praise it. Yeah. Awesome. Remember muscles grow as they get closer to the failure a little bit more. So your best growth occurs close to failure. If your back was five reps away from failure. But you failed with your hands. Then you're really telling yourself, while training with one or two RIR, but it's really six or seven RIR. Because your back is in the five reps, you're just not discovering. You throw on verse grips and all of a sudden, you're getting way more reps of the best, most effective kind of reps, the ones close to failure. That's you, fungus. Mike, do you like to rotate your hands any more so this way at the bottom? I keep them on down. Three options. One neutral the whole time. Two is overhand grip the whole time. Back. And three for me is just whatever feels natural, which a lot of times starts like this and ends up like this. That's like kind of felt to you. For me, it's like a 45 feels really great. So my best preference here is just whatever feels natural. Really okay. Yeah, I felt, I like that one. Yeah, that's what's thing one. Yeah, feels really good. Yeah. Awesome. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Come on. Come on. Yeah. Good. That's what's good. Oh no. Let's go. Oh yeah. I don't do. Daryl. It's good. You should go, though. We're gonna pump already. Yeah. Yeah. Just no day in the drug free life. Anyway, assist a pull-ups. Yeah, let's do it. Comment down below if you want Dr. Mike to do this first ever blood test on the channel. I volunteer. Yeah, yeah. Why would not be quality. I'm so sure. We have assistive plups. These are critical. It is critical, rather, that you do them correctly. You can absolutely just do them as assisted pull-ups in the sense that you just do the pull-up. And help you do more of us. But because of the light of weight, it's a good idea to take advantage of the fact that you can change your technique. Your technique can be more control, especially to get up to the top with a normal explosive pull. Control that a central ultra slow. Get a super big stretch, feel it in the lats, and then come back up and crunch your elbows back and behind you as far as you can. Sets of, oh, 8 to 15 reps here. Let's get to it. So, you stretch these that feet just, and it's that's not real. And then you can do a little fast here. I'm going to slow it. Yeah, perfect. You're trying to basically melt that deep stretch for this one. Yeah, that's it. Last one, come on. All the way, all the way. Oh, it looks good. All the way down, all the way down, all the way down. Hold it. Good, correct. Why or do value this over just as a traditional lap pull down? Oh, try not necessarily valueing it over. It's just variation, variation, variation, variation. Thanks, is it? Yeah. It's more pull up volume. I love this. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because I mean, I don't think I have a pull-ups. So we begin with the great for your back rod. So we did a row first. And now you're moving on to a secondary vertical pulling exercise. You're pretty fatigued from the rows. So we've kind of done a pull down. I haven't find two, especially for variation purposes. I think this is a little better. I like it more. To you for SFR wise, like if you like lap pull down, tell you, yeah. If you like this, hell, yeah. If you've been doing lap pull down for like three mess of cycles, this might be a good variation. I've done them both in the same session before. It's just really what you feel better, what gives you better pump better mind most connection. I like that. I've never actually done these with the intent of actually like building muscle. It just always been pull up, you know? Yeah, that's cool. That's a great. Good stretch. That is because you have the Versailles grip cinched in. All you have to do is just gently grab them to keep them close. You can have a huge connection with your actual pulling muscles or your shoulders, whatever you're doing. So the mind muscle connection is maximized. And you could work on maximizing your technique. Because when you're on your barely the tips of your fingers, yeah technique, mind muscle, then, then you just try to survive. This allows you to maximize number of effective reps, maximize your technique, and maximize your mind muscle connection. Those things all help you train in a huge, huge, huge way. All right folks, we are going to do interesting high fold of a cable. This machine is quite rare. You won't see it everywhere in the gym. And it kind of combines some of the awesome features of a row, with some of the awesome features of a horizontal fold. Even magical to is like by the canicle to it or whatever, doesn't expose your legs more. It's just a really awesome variation. You do much arose. You do much vertical pulls. That's a lot of variation. It's great. Also, the sometimes something right between the two is like, pretty dope. We want here a quality. This is not an exercise where we heat the weight of fat load. Place our feet in. Big round and back at the bottom. Big stretch, big pause. Slow we center all the way in. And then a nice quick contraction all the way up. You can pull this high if you want with a high bar. We've got a low and close bar so we pull it to the tummy. No wrong answers. Give it a shot. Come on. Two more. One more Jimmy. Yes. Hold for two whole seconds to the bottom and at the top. Hold. Slow release as if you're going to do another one. Rack. Beautiful. Don't be wrong. So if I was going to replicate something like this, I don't normal jam, pull it you put together. You got nothing man. Now let's see one of these machines. I mean text, please you couldn't lean back on a pull down. Probably can have leverage as much weight as in. Correct because you don't have your feet in the wrong position. You can do something with a jar. You ever do that? No, I wasn't. No, not really. Oh, this is a high row. I use a high row. Okay. Yeah, let me say that. Like jar instead of set it. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Mike. Mike. Mike. I use you. You're high. Hi. Hi. Hi. Row. Row. There's machines for this. Bike. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There are absolutely fake versions of Versailles grips for pretty cheap on Amazon. I don't know if it works. Why? Is not what that real ship. Does it cost a little bit extra for the real thing for Versailles grips? Yeah. But Versailles grips last four years. I've ripped straps deadlifting before. I never ripped the Versailles. Now they'll wear out like everything else, but it keeps a long ass time. It's worth every fucking penny. And there's two types of people. People that haven't trained with Versailles grips before. And people that know. Which one of you? Yes. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good. Slow. And crack. But don't like old reversing. Hit it. Big stretch. I guess one more. Hold this one for three whole seconds at the bottom. One, two, three and slow. Rack. Perfect. As one to us. Of course. Of course. For that one, wow, it's crunching. How would I gauge a safe without giving drops at? How do I gauge when it's time to drop? In regards to like how much of the rev I'm completing in the center. If it's essentially 100% of the rev in your confidence, your technique being on video, you're good. That last rep that you're like, this isn't the whole one, that's your last rep until you go and do it the drop. Okay. Same thing for failure calculation. Okay. If it's for sure not a good rep, it's over. You can also try another rep. The deal of okay, this one's going to be good. Two bad reps in a row. Definitely a silver. I like that. You use versus rips. Now what do you think? So in comparison to your traditional strap, the biggest difference that I noticed is I'm not feeling the fatigue in my hands. My forearms, I'm able to carry through, see how it drops at like that. I can literally, if I wanted to just open up my hand like this, I just fully focused on my back. That was probably the set where I noticed the benefit of the most simply because I could literally open my hand and the friction of the versus grip stayed within the bar. So I liked that a lot with the attachment. Crazy. Huge pleasure having you on. Likewise, you got to stay drug free. Do you have any words of wisdom? Let's stay drug free. That's a good one. We're drugged off for you. Two more. Versa grip, stay work. We're not bullshitting you guys. If you buy them and you're upset, I don't know. I don't run the corporate policy. I'm really wrong. Moreally wrong with you. Your proper grip. Our king, you know, went to deal. See you guys next time.