Folks, Dr. Mike here. I am with Jason Kelsey who is an all-pro football player who played most recently for the Philadelphia Eagles Meanteen with lots of victory and he calls me up and he's like, hey Mike, you're gonna take me through a bodybuilding workout You're gonna shut up about us or here. I am shutting up and doing a bodybuilding Lift your arms up Jason Tom's He tried like these you're not gonna get this nice No, I'm not The played center for 13 years in the NFL. What is the center's job and who does who is he supposed to hate the most on the other side of the field? He's supposed to hate himself the most So achieve excellence. Yes I was a very bad man. Everyone knows Your sole job is to facilitate playmaking for the guys who are actually athletic So my job is depending on whether it's a pass play or run play You know screen whatever is called it's my job to facilitate success for the ball carrier or the quarterback Big push a couple more nice and warmed up Warm-up's are really critical. You want to do a few sets first Everything moving well moving safe Now that you are retired what do you want out of your training? I would like to preserve The joint health and things that I have left to a certain degree I would like to lose weight but also remain big So a big thing is like I like feeling big and I like feeling strong and looking strong and much to wear right now I've lost 30 pounds only. I think I was 266. It's my 266. 266. Do you have a goal in mind for the end state weight if you look in your best feeling your best? I don't have a goal in mind simply because I don't know at what point I'm gonna get so small that I don't like the way of them So that would involve gaining some muscle and losing some fat. Yes Excellent All right, folks, so the workout we have built today is a chest shoulder tricep workout is a sample workout The kind of workout that folks like Jason and Jason himself are gonna try using it maximizes Reliance and range of motion Moderate repetition ranges moderate weights so we don't get crazy hurt and a ton of control at a deep stretch Which makes your joints better off in the long run rather than worse off This is the kind of workout that if you do is gonna sculpt you into an adonis God and instead of people talking to you normally in the street when you pass by So just gonna be offering you a very very sort of things Sexual things even within just mere days of you working out like this with the RPA per triap of course The RP high-perchurperhip app has dozens of pre-me workout templates to help you build a plan faster than any other training software allows Ready click on the link in the description of this video to get started Chest of the sky. Yes Ordress Finish Back war Oh Let me guess you're one of those guys that as soon as the bar slows down one or two reps later it falls on correct Yeah, you know it's surprised people because I'll be like look like it's the easiest way in the world and the moment a strong will it's done Yeah, because you have a higher proportion of fast which muscle fibers in the average person Which is why you could be elite in the NFL it means that your fibers Great of fatigue skyrock. It's really fast as soon as they get some fatigue Right faster fibers and all of the stuff around them means less fast Galerization fewer blood vessels They accumulate metabolites really fast, but they kept dump them off and so Like a lot of times people get surprised when faster shush athletes lift because they're like do this guys leaving like eight reps in the tank like Now that would be eight reps for you because smaller people can grind Yes larger people people that are more fast which more explosive when they get close to failure It looks pretty similar and then they're just done. Yeah, I actually trained endurance athletes before in the weight room And these were nationally ranked 5,000 10,000 meter runners this guy in rack the bar after 10 nine of which are grinder reps You know limit yeah, and he goes That was tough. What's next? Can you imagine in footballs doing that? I'm sure 10 half the guys are dead the other half for coming on in the whole thing One more last round Nice slow control full pause rocket Go go go go back Portus a Beautiful Feel you chest a little bit. I do oh My gosh, technique never broke down. You never got crazy Getistical I'm fighting it good good. Yes. It's a long-term battle How much do you care about how jacked your legs are versus like upper body just on pure vibes pure vibes um I care more aesthetically about my upper body sure, but mentally I typically care more about my lower body strength than my upper body strength and so how much do you care about strength in this new phase of your life? versus just being like looking small Equal yeah, I mean, here's the thing I want to look slow no question about it But I also still like want to be able to squat like a good amount of weight for football vibes I don't it's just mental like I don't know there's some about getting under a bar and being able to squat a bunch of weight Where you just feel good about yourself. Oh, yeah, yeah, you've got this all figured out man. This makes tons of sense I think it is insanely likely for you to be able to put on way more muscle especially in your upper body for sure lower body But like I want to Unless you like it in a word showing your a colo man. Let me take my pants out. Let me show you my closet Okay security Five extra security people for that giant asshole if you travel and you have a Smith machine Even any kind of device you can lean on yeah, this is a tricep exercise that'll cook your ass But it requires no external look so it's an inverted skull crusher. Let me ask you this on this How do you progress these as you get better at them here? We can progress in reps but we can also Progress in Making it more difficult. Yeah, this is way harder. Yep, so if you get up to like sets of 20 on here and it's too easy You go down one now it sets of 15 you work your way over months back up to sets of 20 how many reps go into your head do you think you could do How many I know this height yeah, I think I can do I don't 12 Oh, perfect. We'll stay at this height. But not to brag, but my shit. I go for a negative So I'm actually upside down on one arm Just like I don't want to do that. I don't know yeah, yeah, I don't under your chin a little bit Yeah, more Pain time More man all same day Oh Mean something good is happening Oh shit another one Yeah, come on. Let's go man. We showed up the work today wait for it move Beautiful. Holy cow Like so how many did I do it? I mean count. Oh 15 That was really good. Oh Excellent slow I'm an evening and I'm going to keep going Slow oh shit you got it more now Slow slow deep wait for it Good shit Did I can tell you're pump I Never thought it was packs are like double the size of we got in here and yes, I was staring You're just single to double Yeah a couple show it exercises. How many days a week are you interested in how many days a week do you lift now And with all of your career stuff you have post pro how much are you realistically able to do that? That's the issue so I've tried Multiple different blood. I've been to one few months ago. I was doing six days a week. I thought I was gonna be able to maintain that That's like this is ridiculous. I think the real-estig answer is three to four if if you're interested in any point I would love to work with you in kind of crafting at least an outline of what that could look like To specifically reflect your goals of strong legs jacked upper body because like upper lower pays too much attention to your legs If you're not just trying to get them as jacked as possible You can do less leg training and still get really strong legs and time more upper body training So that visual impact is really like oh this is clearly a man still somehow involved with sport This sounds out. That sounds okay. Yes, very dope. So here's the really good news These workouts for muscle growth Once you're breathing returns to normal you feel decently strong again It's totally fine for your reps every set to come down It's just fatigue people like men I've got 12 in the first one but I've got 10 on the next one and my bad person. I guess independently yes That's nothing to do with you. You didn't wait. Not because of that. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Remember you burned all those bugs when you were five Magnifying last time. God's never forgot about that The good news is for folks like you trying to get your small on these workouts don't have to take forever These are like 45 minute workouts Which we got to like get after I mean you're this is all Very beneficial sure because I will I can spend any long time in the gym We have a phallos are in there start talking that shit. Yes Asked about how they're in prep is going for games. I know what you up to now You're like honestly just like that. I don't know yeah So I'm here. I've no purpose anymore raising kids and coming here to talk to you about what you're doing That's way tougher than football actually raising kids. It is much tougher Because you're doing something for somebody else rather than selfishly yeah trying to eject They ship themselves. It's it's a whole thing Childery I work with Jason Kelsey wisdom from the father all right dad. Let's get back in here Yeah 7 control yeah 8 the child's smoke One more control it control it Yes That's all I got for you on a sexier size man how they are they are freaking full of fluid Pumped beautiful so our next exercise is going to be our last chest and tricep exercise It's gonna tie both of them together. Perfect. It is going to be the deficit push-up and it is very humbling All right, all right, let's do it Music Deficit push-ups shall we go for a fourth yeah your tall guy how tall are you six two Him to choose to you look taller so I'm technically was always thought of a six three combine Six two and five years and I always feel kind of weird saying the half like a view of if I was 6 2 1 half you had been a year six two mother yeah one hundred You're doing the right one or two reps will clean them up rest a little and then we'll get real sets go cut it My triceps are fried. Ah weird. It's like we planned it Look forward come all the way down to only your chest touches the ground Beautiful and in one more Beautiful That's it That was amazing so keep that rigid body Only chest touches the ground keep the elevated for that morning. Oh yeah my coach used to tell me that I'm a good thing what I want you to do is exactly the same thing that you did yes Set to have your thumbs come off of this so it's okay close Your strong line position that you love. Yes replicated I don't know if I'm gonna be able to go all the way down to the floor with my hands further in. I think you will all right Control Nine Deep finish this lock this one out Got it rack that's it 10 pushups. Yeah. How about that? That's a thumbnail in time. I was all pro NFL Anytime you're on the road because you know she gets busy, right? You will be able to get into a hotel Jim and be able to crank out a workout like this and basically take nothing away like you might not have 600 pounds to squat You'll cook yourself while just knowing how to train from shit like today. That would be awesome Does that is a major issue? How do I even get it? 20 pound dumbbell some lady that looks scared of you like I promise I'm safe. I've been on television Not from murder anyway After today you'll be like okay this is the kind of shit that makes people the most jacked Makes their joints the most resilient reduces a problem a bit in jury the most and is the most flexible and a adapt of kind of workout That you can still do on the road because if you're like I know how you rich mouth There's a weird one vacation the coast of France am I right the south of France is VV Scott what the What's the city there that rich people go to? Nice How do you know Hollywood Shit you like wow, I mean I have relatives who owns any if it's not important This is popular this boat we have a boat. It's a yacht you ready breath is back feeling Ish ish yeah take a few more seconds but your chest isn't burning anymore try some start burning other these burning is just Unpummed you know I mean and I can tell the muscles are fatigued at this point just in general beautiful But that's what we want not fatigued because of that They're not recovering from this head then just are we there right now that's it yeah you are gonna do 10 total pushups on this set no matter what we call this the myorut match system So you got 10 the first one the second set I want 10 as well if you can't do 10 rest on your knees with a lockdown arms Without for a few seconds and crank as many more as you need until you get 10 total I'll count for you your only job is to do really good technique Sir it's a family channel don't swear I'm so sorry okay only families watch this One no lockouts stop two thirds of the way out it's supposed to be tough down there you go Deeper look forward if you need to yes four Yes, there you go Slow control Good rest Very good we have eight nine and ten left we left over you don't have to get them all in the next set Let's get in get at least two troll deep Slow Okay, rest a little bit come on one last one left over Good stuff this is true fast twitch athlete here convinced me super deep Finish finish So this is a pretty cool training technique because you essentially set yourself a high bar on the first set And then on the second third whatever number of sets you try to reach that same high bar Yeah, the amount of times you get close to failure really starts to stack up And we've learned that any time muscles get close to failure they grow Instamulous for growth is in the that is the Big hole that's the goal and these are called my or up. Yeah, because I've seen this I've seen it before but I never know what it's so my reps is when you rest just a few seconds between many sets and crank up the number of reps that you're doing It sucks. It's painful. It's bullshit. Yeah, it does work We got six so far. Let's switch to full lockouts this time. Okay, get a nice little break between reps got it You got this let's get at least two good ones before it rust again Good knees you're not gonna get this next one. No, I'm not I like that you still try it. It's very failing. I have two more reps left over. Yeah We'll take a nice long break after that one I imagine your arms don't feel like much anymore. No, I mean no strange in my forearms too. Like every Everything in here is like hey look big forearms are part of a big arm My right arm forearms usually the one that gets smooth. Why would you say that? I right? Oh, you're right. Yeah, of course all the hand-writing we still do in today's digital economy All right one last good one no practice for hand writing troll Lock it Yes, that's it Or just yeah, why not exercise? Yeah, baby. I was really good So when you're in a specific day that you're working out are you typically only doing four Exercises yeah really yeah after four or five exercises? Oh you're a quote on quote training I'm not gonna done because you're too god damn tired and yeah you're moving around but your muscles can't be Stimulated anymore because they can't work hard enough to be stimulate I was gonna make a sex a sex analogy that was gross but nothing came to mind Do you know why nothing came to mind? I was a stun I've never actually ever Was kind of personal Are you curious about more of the kind of stuff that Mr. Jason Kelsey and I talked about that weren't not allowed to show you on the main channel Well good news with a member section that you're gonna click to somewhere here It's gonna have that tons of other extricuties so get over there and hey, and I'll see there You're gonna do super super stable. You're gonna take these and you're gonna I'll go back down to that position Just look at me There is drug testing in the NFL there's not in my life Don't ever come up to me again until you come back and pee red So it's not blood. It's more steroids. All right, so All the way up until almost vertical and then slowly control the part for control is from here to here Yeah, this is the toughest part got it so what you can do is athletic and smooth and then King painful control athletic and smooth painful control got it give me a pretend dumbbells like that Look at that even opposing playback at the same time excellent We are going to just do One set on this you did all your pushing stuff that took a little while The shoulders shoulders are a muscle group that you can train every day because the muscle heals so quickly Yes One set is an asterix by that shit as you would have predicted by now having worked out here Okay, you're gonna do as many as you can until we can't do good technique Then you are just gonna hang out there Readjust your verses until I tell you to do another number of reps you do those We've got a total rep number to fill which I'll decide once we get And the total is what counts after that as soon as you unwatch you're done and you're done for the work out for today. All right cool perfect Slow One good one Jason get your shit together Control control control Rest breathe Feel your shoulder a little oh yeah three reps hit oh let's get to 20 That's 19 let's get to 20 Control control Reheal a little bit 21 Reheal Reheal breathe breathe One last one hit it And then slow slow slow Look at that bells down right in front of you one last bonus round thing I want you to do the thing you guys do at the combine which is when you're reaches far as you can out To get there that you want your hands completely flat like this pinkies up a little bit Right at parallel yeah begin oh my god Get to me sorry the ha you let me know when you had enough that you are on Yeah, for the world to see me sure these pinkies stay elevated. I'll try About your shoulder life about your shoulder life Lift your arms up Jason. I'm Keep trying like keep going Up a little bit left arm is failing up a little bit of a drink Make it not fail Ha cool That is so Folks we're talking about We'll get some real shit going we collab with a lot of people and Some of them were even quite famous people and some people are most people are cool But some people not so much Mr. Jason Kelsey you know what I'm gonna know I got one hell of a certain that good He's like a f**king real ass dude so now you know that and that comes with a doctor might guarantee So when it comes out that he's been to like 50-ditty parties. I do mystery Jason's the man check him out as an social media. He's actually got a YouTube channel. It's getting uh getting ready to blow up podcast Imagine and uh it's cool don't invite me to podcast this final I mean Nah, I'm busy anyway whatever and uh give this guy look he's been into a few football games in his life So if you Google him you could be very impressed to see you next time Only families watch this channel only families watch this channel only families watch this channel only families watch this channel You get paid for the YouTube You know you're right shit. Do I get paid for the YouTube these are free these are company shorts? This is my friend made this shirt. I don't I don't have anything do you have like five bucks I could go lunch today or some shit man Like please were you what we could call popular with a attractive girls your own age? I was never popular with attractive or unattractive girls Doesn't ever pop you with people people's pets move away when I get most of likes it. He likes Like a japonna All right, like extra block or no that oh okay inverted skull crusher Invert skull white A's super starry guy began my him when I mean Max the editor boy it's like the hot girl enters the conversation and everyone's just kind of talking to And her friend like light is will be dead so if you wouldn't mind slide in at bench three inches that way Is her I'm sure you know three inches quite well. Oh the friend is like like you guys want to worry like shot up back Anyway Lindsay what we say So beautiful Very familiar. Yes, there's a whole team of guys guys. They're excited Paynful childhood memories. I was not liens I was back We in favor of kill ants. Oh, it's okay. You're just on camera for the whole world to see and people can judge to see if you're a good person or not She goes to the front and she's like this random guys bothering me. You'll be at home I'm trying to make a better end guy