Nicotine suppresses your appetite and causes slight increase in metabolism by a thermogenesis, so it's pretty handy for fat loss phases, how much of the negatives of nicotine are actually the negatives of the delivery vehicle. How much is it actually how you're taking in the nicotine that's bad for you versus the nicotine itself? Hey, folks, Dr. Mike here for the RP Strength YouTube channel, and I have a question for you, is nicotine fat burning energy fuel or is it just death rebranded? Lots of talk about nicotine lately with all these new toothpicks and pouches and gums, but is nicotine a thing that we're supposed to be having or did this anti-smoking campaign tell us it was going to kill us instantly? Scott, there was a Star Wars movie maybe episode where Obi-Wan Kenobi enters into a CD-Dive Bar and a gentleman in Alien offers him deathsticks for purchase and he denies and uses the Jedi mind trick to tell me it doesn't want any deathsticks and then I guess I should go home and rethink his life and he does. Isn't that whole some nice? Good message for the kids. Good message for the kids, deathsticks and as a drug you probably don't want to take, but it's nicotine just with the form of the original deathstick the cigarette. Well first let's go through a little quick history of what the hell is it that the drama people for them to start using these crazy drugs. To back, it was first cultivated in the Americas. 6,000 years ago. When dinosaurs were at no, no, no. Maybe mammoths were at maybe. Weird South American animals were no doubt everywhere. At first it was chewed. It was also smoked in pipes and it was rolled up in leaves and smoked and people got high off of it and noticed some benefits. We'll talk about these benefits in just a little bit. At 1492 as you may remember Columbus sailed the ocean blue and then he brought tobacco back to Europe and there was a shit, oh shit, that was shit, hits. Hell yes and they loved it and the tobacco trade got going and then Europeans loved it and a gentleman named Jean Nicott, we know doubt in France. Popularizes it for rich ass French people and gives us the word Nicotine. Scott isn't that cool? That's sweet. And the number one way they were adjusting the stuff at the time was smoking through clay pipes or snorting the powder they called snuff. That's where the word snuff comes from. It seems so seedy. Snuff just seems like a ubiquitous term for drugs that are bad for you. He's on that snuff again. Anyway, in 1828, chemists of the time finally isolated Nicotine as a molecule by itself and in the 1880 something truly miraculous happened. The Bonzac machine was invented and it made cheap cigarettes. Scott, the greatest invention of the last thousand years. Sounds like it. Is the cigarette manufacturing machine and the first synthetic make a team was actually created in 1893 and at this point in the 19th century and then the early 20th century we get the mass production of cigarettes and cigars. Their quantities boomed their prices approached near zero and we got a whole shitload of people. Well smoking cigarettes and cigars. In the 1960s the US surgeon general came out and was like hey guys smoking cigarettes seems to cause a lot of diseases and that wasn't wrong. In a ton of cancer and that was a bad deal. And with that led to was a bit of a revival or kind of a reticence in different delivery methods. In 1984 Nicotine gum was released in 1991 Nicotine patches were released especially for people to help could smoking and in 1996 we even got a nasal spray and that was kind of the birth of Nicotine replacement therapy. I used to smoke cigarettes for years. I think it's bad for me. Now I'm still trying to consume Nicotine because I'm not trying to quit the shed any time soon but I can't just quit cold turkey because everyone knows quitting cold turkey is a really, really tough. Now in the 21st century with robots and lasers everywhere in 2003 the modern electronic cigarette was finally perfect and Scott. Isn't that great? Not that might be the best invention of all. That definitely is because if you think the cigarette's the best invention I hear you, what about if it's sent emails to your mouth full of Nicotine and we did get that. In 2016 we had the beginning of the US pouch demographic the Nicotine pouch situation and in the 2020s now we're seeing an explosion and it really is a really big cultural thing of toothpicks, lasenges, oral film strips, you name it. If there's a way to get Nicotine in your legs, lots of companies are working on it right now. We've got vape mods, we've got pods, we've got pouches, gums, toothpicks, lasenges, oral films, the whole thing. So that's the story of Nicotine. Now what the hell do people actually get out of Nicotine? Why do people use it? It's not just because it's bad for you and rebel teens, haven't though maybe that's some of it, some of the effect. Nicotine gives you neurostimulation. It is an agonist to your Nicotinec acetylcholine receptors, which means that when they get activated that triggers rapid dopamine and neuropenetroner release. The result is rapid ability to focus a faster reaction time and that feeling of being oh, for lack of a bit of term, dialed in. You know that thing, if you're in the military and you essentially subsist on Zinn Pax, you know exactly what we're talking about. Gotta go out on an op, throw in as many packs of Zinn into every possible thing you can carry and that keeps you aware and alert and really really dialed in for a while, however long you need, I guess. Nicotine also in the neurological research has shown that it repeatedly gives you a decent bump in working memory, which means you can store more information on your brain at any one time and better sustain detention, classic stimulant stuff. This is especially true in sleep to private subjects, so if you haven't slept well and you really need to focus, Nicotine is a big serious helper in that regard. And in an very interesting twist, Nicotine also boosts your mood. Acute doses rapidly raised serotonin and beta endorphin levels and that gives you a little bit of a mild euphoria and a reduced perception of fatigue. So now, if you're fatigued and you need to be doing some stuff like mental work or physical work, instead of feeling like shit and performing like shit, Nicotine is able to make you feel good and perform better, which is a really, really big deal. And Nicotine suppresses your appetite and causes slight increase in metabolism, live third of agenesis, so that's pretty handy for fat loss phases, although once you build a tolerance, the effect gets really small. So this isn't a super, super awesome thing, but compared to a real powerful fat loss drug like Trazapotide, Nicotine doesn't even make the list, but it can enhance some short-term appetite suppression and get you going a little bit more on the calorie burning. And it does cause a fine motor steadiness. So for example, if you take Glenn Buderal, which also gives you a lot of these focus effects for fat loss, it actually gives you traverse. Nicotine gives you steadiness, which is why surgeons and competitive shooters among many other people historically make sure to have some nicotine around. Scott, do you prefer that your surgeon take puffs off of an actual cigarette while digging in your brain? Or do you think he should have like eight zin packets in his mouth? I think the smokes and I said, I'd say it's like a nice flavor, you know? And smell. And just before they succeed with a surgery and like zip up your head, he ashes a little bit into the brain. It's like those whiskey where they prepare the whiskey and then they cover it and like a smokes. Yes. It's like that, but with my brain. Yes, perfect. They're like, how do you feel? You're like, I feel earthy and kind of very in whole in texture and they're like, it worked. Unbelievable. So basically nicotine is a very fast acting kind of 30 minute. Nature's study drug or energy drug that gets you going. Now, here's the big question for today. How much of the negatives of nicotine are actually the negatives of the delivery vehicle? How much is it actually? How you're taking in the nicotine that's bad for you versus the nicotine itself? So first up, we have smoking. We have cigarettes, cigars, pipes, hookah, however you smoke your nicotine in. You get a lot of extra toxins this way. You get carbon monoxide, tar, literal tar, and a fucked up, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and thousands, literally of other combustion byproducts, the byproducts of actually burning something that get all in your shit and don't do you any favors. What kind of favors do they not do you? Well, massive increases in the incidence from smoking of lung cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, which you do not want and makes it breathing hard forever, cardiovascular disease, peripheral vascular disease, infertility, all these really nasty things. And it looks like 90% or more of the harm of chronic, nicotine is actually driven by combustion. Smoking is the number one reason nicotine is bad for you. The nicotine part is not so great for you. We'll talk about in a little bit, but it's super super, super low key compared to smoking. So I'll tell you one thing for sure you can get out of this video. Do not smoke cigarettes. Just don't do it. It's a really bad way to get nicotine and it fucks you up completely. Now, doesn't make you see more attractive to the opposite sex, but you used to, but nowadays kids don't even smoke anymore. So you'll just be the weird person who smells awful and is dying of lung cancer. Next, we have the second worst way to get nicotine, which is chewing. Get that old dip in brother. Hey Scott, look, can you see the camera? Uh-huh. Hey, Bob. Hey, boy. The dipping is much less bad for you than smoking, but you still get tobacco specific nitrosimines, which are really bad for you. You get heavy metals through dipping. Anytime you have a, um, I guess fermented leaf product in your mouth, it's no good for you. How no good. It causes a bunch of different kinds of oral cancers, lip cancer, which I heard is no fun. She cancer, which is pretty fun, but gets old real quick, and then gum cancer, which is just hilarious until parts of your gums and teeth have to be removed permanently from your mouth. Causes are seeding gums, causes tooth loss, it even causes gastrointestinal cancers call it shit that goes down your mouth. Dipping is a fucking bad idea. Don't do it. It's a bad idea. It's going to fuck you up in a bunch of different ways. It's not as bad at smoking, but let's just get smoking is like really, really, really, really, really bad and just don't do that for sure. Now we're on to one of the lowest tiers of risk vaping, esigs, pod mods, the whole thing. The vaping situation still brings in carbonals, which are not great for you. One of them is, uh, for maldehyde, the other is, uh, a seedling out the hide, which is not great. And ultra fine particles that have been shown recently to do some not good things to your health. Some of the flavoring aldehydes are also quite bad for you. And with this is led to is that now emerging data show more recently that you get endothelial stress, mild, long dysfunction, it's orders of magnitude more safe than smoking and lower carcinogens, but it's still isn't a great thing. So the take home here is that most of the catastrophic stuff that quote unquote nicotine causes is just really caused by smoke or fermented leaves and not nicotine use per say. So that begs the next question with all the clean ways to take it in, pouches, toothpicks and gums, which don't have all these other nasty things associated with them, what's left of how bad nicotine really is for you? And unfortunately is a few things. One is cardiovascular stress, being on nicotine predictably increases your heart rate by like 10 beats per minute, which over the aggregate will shorten your lifespan. It increases your systolic blood pressure, considerably, eight, eight, eight millimeters of mercury, which is a trip, especially chronic heavy nicotine use tends to stiffen arteries. It blunts insulin sensitivity, even without smoke. So very high use of nicotine is not good for you. If you take in even the gums or the pouches with really high strength products, like 6 to 12 milligrams, which Scott have you ever tried one of these like a sash pouches or whatever, zin, sash, yes, I have. Did you take too much and start to throw up? Yeah, I mean, yeah, I didn't throw up, but it was it was gross. Yeah, although when I was a young child, I ate my grandaddies to Becky, and I thought he was eating it, and I threw up everywhere. Fuck. So yeah, that's a classic story. I love it. So if you take six to 12 milligrams in this method through like the pouches, that's a huge dose. You can get localized gum recession, you can get mouth ulcers, and the CDC actually notes that there there's a rising rate of mouth ulcers in teens, which I think is terrible in the end of the world, but teens are also smoking way, way less. So on the aggregate teens are the healthiest they've ever been. This mouth also thing is not a great idea. So try to keep the gums lower and dose, which we'll talk about in just a bit. You get sleep fragmentation. If you take in the coutine in the evening, you delay the onset of rapid eye movement sleep REM sleep, which is one of the most recovering deep kinds of sleep that you can have. That's no good. You definitely can't use nicotine if you are with child and having a baby. So don't do that. And we don't know the long term tail risks of these new pouches and gums. Could be some not really stuff down the end. We're not sure, but it's not like they we've had 20 year epidemiology trials on this. So yeah, nicotine still has downsides noticed. They're way way way smaller than smoking or chewing to backo or any of that stuff. But the last question here is how addictive is nicotine. It turns out the speed of reinforcement matters. Your brain loves addiction when it does something and it gets a great response right away. cigarettes hit the brain in about 10 seconds. Scott, you know that long day of work first draw. That's life right there. Oh sorry, I used the weed smoke one. Sorry, I've never smoked cigarettes. Oh yeah. I feel so good. I just want to be addicted to cigarettes and die of lung cancer. You say to yourself. Gums and pouches take five to 15 minutes. They're substantially less addictive. And patches take hours. And so almost no one gets addicted to patches. People who have never smoked before can get addicted to pouches and to gums, but it's much less likely than getting addicted to cigarettes. If you have smoke before, you might get very easily addicted to pouches and all the other stuff. Genetics and age matter. Some people are just more prone to addiction and others. And if you're younger than about 25 years old, your brain is much more plastic to nicotine receptor operation and your probability of dependence and addiction is much higher. So if you're over 25, you might handle nicotine products just fine. If you're under 25, it's a bigger risk that you get addicted. And of course, in most cases, if you use it chronically and you lose a lot of it, you need more pop to get the same or more nicotine, more gum, more patches to get the same effect out of it. And that can get to the all day every day hitting the vape. Scott, you've been around these new these young vapor kids that just literally hit the vape every second that they're awake. And just keep it in their hand. They just keep it in their hand. It's really intense. If you have vaping your hand at all times, you are 100% addicted to nicotine. There's no other way around. So if you are interested in taking nicotine and if you're cool with hypertension, a rhythmic or your under your under 25 and you still want to take it, I should say just don't take that's probably a good idea. But if you really want to take nicotine, there are practical ways to minimize the harm. Not eliminate it, but minimize. Stick to two to four milligrams gum or the hydroxy pH pouches that are three or six milligrams don't get into the 12 milligram range unless you're really, really experienced and just want to die sooner. Don't do vaping. If you want a vape, don't smoke. Don't smoke. Okay, if you have to take nicotine, vape, but really if you have to take it and don't vape, do the pouches much better, do the gum or the pouches. To toothpicks and the lasenges are totally fine, if you can keep your daily dose modest, which is under 10 milligrams per day for most adults. Many of you will be like, dude, that's not that much. I know we're talking about the safe uses of nicotine, which is just not that much stuff. You can use nicotine about one or two milligrams before some deep work, 15 minutes before you get into deep work, one or two milligrams of caffeine, and you probably should repeat that no sooner than 90 minutes later and ideally multiple hours later. And if you want to do nicotine before your workout, you can, especially if it's strength or power training, two to three milligrams, 20 to 30 minutes beforehand, may actually give you a slightly better workout. Again, the trade-offs, I don't think or worth it, but if they're worth it to you, good to go and stopping nicotine at least two hours before your plan. Bedtime is a really good idea because then it won't scrub your REM sleep notice. nicotine is a much faster active half-life than caffeine. So you can actually have nicotine later in the day as long as it's not two hours before sleep with caffeine. That's how I get to work. You're going to really fuck up your REM sleep. Big time if you get any sleep at all, two hours before. And so what you want out of a daily pattern, ideally, is to take nicotine just a few times through the day, separated by multiple hours. Most people won't do that because most people are taking nicotine are addicted to nicotine. If you can do that, you're going to be feeling very good and very few downsides. Very much try to avoid the every 15 minutes I hit the pan or hit the gum again. That's going to be a bad time in most cases. You might feel great. Health-wise, it's not ideal addiction-wise. It's a really not ideal. If you can, use nicotine for three weeks and then take one week off. It'll recycle all your receptor sensitivities and make it just as powerful again. The other little term that it works pretty well is to do nicotine for five days working week nicotine and then take the weekends off. Scott, how many people do you know that use nicotine don't use it on the weekends? Think of thought, but it's not a thing. Right? They don't really opposite the weekend. Right? Most people can't pull the song. No. Yeah. So I would say like use it for a few weeks, four to six weeks and then take a few weeks off and then come back if that's the insistence. Again, most people won't do that because many, many people just get addicted enough to it and they just keep doing it. If the off-weeks are really tough, you can have a little bit more caffeine. It'll replace some of that stimulant drive for you. Technically speaking, I have to say that if use it with alcohol, the addictive potential rises, most things do with alcohol. So trying not to use nicotine without alcohol, but I think having drinks and cigarettes at the same time as a match made in hell, they're really fun kind of hell you pay for later. Nicotine is also mildly diuretic. So staying on your hydration game is a really really good idea. And if you notice that you kind of need nicotine rather than just want it, what you can do is take the patch and go from 21 milligrams over 24 hours patch to 14 milligrams to 7 milligrams and then drop to zero after four or six weeks. So every two weeks you reduce the patch exposure and then you'll have cured yourself of addiction in most cases. It'll be back to normal so you can just start abusing them the next week like most people do. So here's the thing, will nicotine get you addicted? Yeah, it's very likely. If you can control your use and use very little of it, can it have pretty good benefits without huge downsides? Yeah, I'm not, I'm not your anti-drag educator in 1990 term and I get a lot of you. Nicotine can be used in a way that's very, very safe. I'm completely safe with a very safe. Do most people use it in a way that's not safe. Yeah, most people fucking up because you just want to take more of it all the time. That's just kind of how it works. Now, one thing that won't get you addicted, but we get you incredible gains, is the RP high-perchography app comes with dozens of pre-made programs from two days of training per week all the way up to six days of training with specialized programs included for shoulders, arms, chest, back, legs, abs, and glutes. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. And I'm going to break into the Zin factory jump into a vat of nicotine and just open up every part of my body so that I can be high forever. And if I don't make it, it's been a fun run, but if I do, see you next time for the next video.