Hey folks, it's me Dr. Mike, as we're telling for Renaissance, Pyrridsation, and today we're talking about hypertrophy myths. And this myth is active rum, active range of motion. People talk about it all the time. We're going to talk about what it is. Why it could be a good thing and could make some good points. Why it's not so great and pretty bad and pretty mythical. And then we'll talk to rapid all of the end. So the active rum myth is from people saying something like the following. Don't go down that low on the leg press. Your quads aren't active anymore. It's just passive range of motion. Anything over this height of upright rows or lateral raises all traps. It's not side delts anymore. The lats are not active past the torso or the active close to the top of the stretch. So don't go any the one. Just do this over here and keep it to that range because that's the active range. Right. Especially this idea that you can take muscles naturally through their natural motions and the limbs through distinct ranges in which they are so inactive or in such precarious positions that it's not worth going to that range of motion. And I'll tell you right now, this myth does have some good points. Plenty of good points, but not as many good points as most people think, which is why it's a myth. It's a marginal myth. Like almost all myths, except for like, I know the existence of ghosts and angels. I don't know, maybe angels are real. Aren't angels all around us in a certain sense as people and often dogs? Do all dogs really go to heaven? That's gotta be like fucking bullshit, right? You tell me Kujo went to fucking heaven after eating all those fucking kids? Well, shit. Alright, you get to heaven and Kujo's the first dog you see. He's got a lot of energy. Yeah, I'm getting done. You're now. Here is the good point that active ROM advocates make. Now they really make it this way because usually they don't make very good points, but some of them do and hear the good points. If the target muscle for an exercise, let's say the peck sort of the lats or whatever you're targeting through an exercise, a pressurple is no longer generating almost any force or a very tiny force relative to what it is capable of. And I mean, internally generating, not externally. You can lift the ton of weight here, but not a lot of weight here. I mean, internally the muscles barely contracting. If it is especially injurious position, one of which is like, you can get to that range motion, but you'll fuck your shit up. Like a completely arounded lower back at the bottom of an ultra heavy squat or deficit deadlift. If the muscle is no longer the target of a stimulus. So for example, if you have a completely straight arm fly with your pecks at some point, your biceps are really doing all the work and getting all the stretch and your pecks aren't. So it's not really a peck fly anymore. It's a bicep fly, which is actually not an terribly ineffective thing for biceps, but not what we want. Or the muscle is no longer the limiting factor of the movement. So again, the fly is our great example where down super, super low, your pecks are not the limiting factor, your biceps are a limiting factor. And if they're not strong enough, the movement doesn't go anywhere, doesn't even get high enough and up for your pecks to catch enough leverage to start doing this. If that's the case, then putting the muscle in that position and training regularly is perhaps unwise. You should constrict your arm such that you're training avoids the above. So if down here in flies, your shoulders hurt like shit, it's all biceps and dick else is happening. Maybe you don't do that. Maybe bend your arms a little bit and go just this low and not super crazy deep and maybe good things will happen. Absolutely true. Just talked about the peck flies in an example, so we're good there. All right. Some good points. However, the bad stuff and where there's goes a bit too far in turns into a myth. The muscle doesn't have to be it's most active to get a great stimulus. The biceps show the best EMG activity in the middle range. But we know that stretch under load from direct experimentation grows muscles, probably those muscles more. So know the biceps are not as active as measured by EMG in a deep stretch position on an incline curl for example, but they still get a great stimulus arguably new and better stimulus down there than they get over here. So that active raw is already something that passive tension generated by muscles in their ultra structures, due contributive hypertrophy and active versus passive is not dichotomous it is a spectrum. Muscles are more or less active, more or less passive in their force generating in force handling and a muscle that is producing less active force, but more passive force can still be very very hyper-traffic or stimulated. So okay, not all are nothing thing. So for muscles less active at some point in their engine motion that doesn't mean it's a bad range of motion. It could be equally or even more hyper-traffic. Interestingly enough, passive force generation and the hypertrophy that's meditated could actually require you less physical or emotional effort and thus could actually have lower nervous system fatigue. Getting hypertrophy without trying all that hard. I mean, next. This is a huge one. Muscles, many muscles, all the ones studied so far as far as I know, seem to get their best hypertrophic yields at stretched positions. Stretch under load is a real hell of a combination to illicit muscle growth. We know from lots of research that for a few reasons which I described in another video about the limits of EMG testing and that video is already published, you can Google it. You don't get EMG which is muscle activation is measured by electrical activity with all the leads and all that stuff. You don't get very high EMG signals out of a stretch position for a variety of reasons, but you get even better hypertrophy from that position. So if we look at studies, for example, they've done at least one study where people are doing pullovers and at some 120 or some shit degrees and further this way, the EMG activity drops off and people haven't interpreted that study to say that it's bad to go beyond that range motion. That's where it gets a ton of stretch and probably even the most growth for the latter course from here to here, or at least a very robust amount of pressure. So that's the thing. And other muscles can become important in those extreme ranges of motion, but they're still not limiting. Like there is a way in which, for example, G was at the very bottom of your leg press, your glutes can become important contributors, but your quads, even though their ultra stretched, are still limiting factor. So even though other muscles start to show of your high activities, that doesn't mean it becomes a glute exercise. It becomes more glute exercise than it was, but it's even more and more of a quad-actress size than it was because the quads are getting stretched like crazy and there's a lot of her hypertrophy. In addition to that, it's just this, I don't understand how the fuck people come to this conclusion, but people seem to think that every exercise needs to map one to one to go muscle. It turns out that it's okay for a single exercise to additionally hypertrophy other muscles that are not the single target muscle. So people will say in rows or something, don't pull the elbow behind the back because the lats lose leverage there. And that's true. But how is it that you are able to bring the elbow behind the back? It sure is how is a magic. Other muscles must do it. It's like the rhomboids, muscles like perhaps the terrasmager, muscles like the rear delts. And unless you are doing one exercise for your lats, another exercise for your rhomboids, another exercise for your middle traps, another exercise for your terrasmager, another exercise for a terrasmager, another exercise for a terrasmager, another exercise for your delts, and so on, you have to have some of the two or three exercises you do for back in a given session, cover a bunch of muscle groups. So if we're saying, well, don't reach past this because it uses other muscles and don't reach past this because it uses other muscles and it's not lats. We have to train all the other muscles too and doing a full range motion in most cases, just fucking grows the shit out of your whole back and rear delts and everything. It's all good stuff. You don't have to piss away time doing 50 redundant exercises to hit all the muscle groups. You can do like a few sets of bat rows of machine rows, a few sets of an isolation exercise like one of these and a few sets of pull ups or pull downs and then your whole fucking back is toast. The rear delts too, as opposed to being ultra ultra specific for no reason. Right. So that's the bad stuff. Now here's the real talk. The ultimate guide to what range of motion you should be using is the stimulus to fatigue ratio. Does it? The exercise in that range of motion give you a ton of perceived tension in that muscle. Does it give you a burn at higher reps in that muscle? Does it give you a pump in that muscle after a few sets? Does it give you soreness and disruption in that muscle and weakness in that muscle after a few sets and maybe a day later? On the other hand, does it hurt the joints in connective tissues? It doesn't just completely exhaust your whole body or is it pretty kind to them. Stimulus on that top side fatigue on the bottom side, divide the two into each other and you get the stimulus to fatigue ratios. The more you can get a big hit with tension, burn, pump, soreness, etc. And the last joint in connective tissue disruption can impose and less systemic fatigue and impose, the better. So if you pick a standardized range of motion and you do it and it's got a really good stimulus to fatigue ratio, maybe you try going a little deeper and it hasn't even better stimulus to fatigue ratio, for example, if you bench press with a regular barbell and the definition stops at your chest. You may at some point have access to either dumbbells or even better a cambered bar that has a big open middle space and you can get to blow your chest to for a really nasty stretch. You will often notice that the stimulus to fatigue ratio for deep dumbbell presses and for sure, cambered bar presses is better in many cases, not all. Then barbell presses just with a straight bar. And someone could say, well, what about active wrong? Well, what about my pecks for two sets of the shit get blown into the fucking moon in my joints feel amazing? Active passive, fuck you, wrong. I don't give a shit, it fucking works. We know it works. And it's empirical experience. It's theoretical supposition every fucking day of the week. You can tell me the shit doesn't work. How the fuck do I get massive sort of and a crazy pump? That shit is not by accident. Clearly something's going on in my muscles, right? So you start out with a certain standardized range of motion. My ankle is itchy. And you play around with a bit more ramen, a bit less ramen. You see which one produces the best stimulus to fatigue ratio for you. It'll take you while they figure that out. And then you do the thing that makes the best as a far. Sometimes that means if you roll, you'll stop here because you're going to go back here and just nothing happens. Sometimes it means you're all the way and you'll feel all that shit in back. Do all the really good stuff, get sore, get pumped, tension burn, and you're like, oh, man, I'm glad I'm doing this whole super full range of motion thing. And don't forget, tension understructures important. And that does not come through on EMG studies. So if you're saying well, but muscle activation was shown to be lower in this and that, that's only part of the picture and it's a very shitty, very small part. If you guys really want to read some fun articles about the limits of EMG, Google EMG Andrew Vagotsky spelled phonetically V, I, G, O, T, S, whatever. Ski. Fucker, I'm not a smaller shit. He knows how to spell his name and that's what's important. And Google knows even better. So EMG is very, very limited. It is a tool, but it is a very, very limited tool. And so don't just Google EMG studies and be like, oh, clearly this is the only thing in active rums thing. That's not quite the case. Especially considering stretch under load is super powerful mediator of hypertrophy. And it doesn't show up much on EMG. So it looks like there's almost no muscle activity, but it turns out that's where the most of growth happens or at least a lot of it. Next thing is many exercises, something to remember, target multiple muscles and higher range of motion usually does that most of the time. When people say, oh, will it give, if you do lateral raises and you stop here, it's all delts. It's not mostly delts. And if you go up here, it's no delts and all traps. It's not. It's a lot of traps, but still a bunch of delts. My question to that always is, I'm not the fuck going to some wrong with your traps. The two big for you, or do you want to belabor having to do extra shrug training in addition to your lateral. If you do super full on rarals, stopping here is nothing wrong with it. But if you do super full on rarals and go all the way, assuming your shoulders can take it, which most of the time they can if you're using good technique, you're going to get an amazing, just as good if not better, side delts stimulus. But you also get a free traps stimulus. I should put that in an arm marked van, white van with no windows, free traps stimulus. Kids come in and, well, you guys can't do that. They never leave. The only place to go is the side of a mill carton. That's where kidnapped children go, I believe. In any case, last thing I'll say, do not, at least casually, replace your perceived stimulus to fatigue ratio in an exercise with a first pass biomechanical analysis, which is the only kind you'll get following people on TikTok and Instagram or me, call themselves biomechanists, but have no degrees in the field. Eyelazers. If some kind of range of motion really fucks up your triceps tension, so on a spur, the whole thing, but someone comes up and they're like, technically, you're not in the act of problem with tricelli. You just flex shit at him and they'll fuck off. But on a serious note, if something really fucks you up, it's great for your joints and it really hits the muscle. Active passive. As you've noticed from this talk, there's a ton of nuance there. There's no guarantees and because hypertrophy can be active or passive in a stretch mediated form, if it really hits you fucking hard and it keeps your joints feeling good in the rest of you feeling great, somebody tells you you're going to deep because of some kind of passive act of rumble shit. Just be like, hey, live live live live live live live live live live live live. Nice, but I'll need some more compelling evidence to tell me that what seems to be working best for me in the gym is actually not good for reasons that even most by a mechanism to disagree with. In any case, I got pretty feisty. Like, subscribe, join remember section if you want real nerd shit and just be a good person. Just go out there and do good for this world. Jesus, plant a tree or something. Get off YouTube for a bit. Have a good time. Come back on and watch our videos. See you guys next time.