Oh, oh, you're right. It is slime. It comes off the bar. This is the part in the alien movie where like takes over. And I'm there! Yeah! Ah! My supposed to eat this. Hey, I'm Dr. Mike, Professor of Sport Science and bodybuilder. We asked you guys with the best protein bars in the world. We're, you let us know. We bought them all and I'm gonna heat all of them. Oh, yeah! Anabar, the protein-packed candy bar. Well, plain. How can this bar fail when it has an abolism right in the name? No sugar alcohols. That's gonna good. If you don't want to have bloody diarrhea, you tube. You guys said this bar was sweet. Time to find out how wrong you were. Biker, that's good. God damn, this is for real. No, the fuck is better. Not be lying about these ingredients. God damn it. One of the best bars are around. How to start? It's got to be there. We're going to. I'm going to go into fats a little high, but for 20 grams of protein, 25 grams of carbs are off lead. And no sugar alcohols. Excellent meal replacement bar for someone, you know, even fat loss phase. But definitely, um, if you're bulking, great. If you're maintaining great, I would say very, very, very tasty meal replacement. Metrex, fruity, cereal, crunch, big 100 bar. The big 100 is a classic. Now macros wise, it's pretty goddamn good. 14 grams of fat, not the best. But the proteins at 30 which is dope and the carbs minus fiber situation at 42. This is like one of those you want a protein bar, but you're fining. E. Yeah, let's find out how to taste. I've actually never had this flavor before. I've had, I think, every other flavor. So we've fixed this one because we can make this fiber. So that you have this in a big, green. Well, there's a bunch of cream on here. I hope we didn't do it all over all the bars. Hug. I have an exact, exact scenario for how this bar makes sense. You wake up and you are in a dystopian future. Where everyone is controlled by machines and lives little pods and they let you have social hour. You meet the cutest ass bitch. She's like, you are from the before time. And you're like, well, yeah, I'm saying girl, you're going to fucking that. And she's like, gives me this bar. She's like, is this what fruity pebbles for real tasted like in the before times? And I'm like, bitch, no, are you out of your fucking mind? This is exactly what machines would think that fruity pebbles taste like. And they got it wrong. These aren't even smart machines. Matrix. I love you guys. Your big 100 chocolate brownie is legitimately one of my favorite foods. Period snack, no snack, brownie, not brownie cheat, not cheat. It's just amazing. This. I'll be charitable and say for someone else's proud. Sure, shit, not mine. Fuck that. The legendary foods. Chocolate cake flavored protein history. Yeah, that's good. So every protein bar sits on a spectrum of how good it is. And that spectrum entirely depends about where you are in your fitness journey slash diet journey. If you're off season, end of a massing phase, end of a maintenance phase, very beginning of a cup. No protein bar is going to taste that amazing. The end of a fat loss phase, every protein bar tastes amazing. This is one of the special ones that beginning of a diet, midway through a massing phase, is still pretty goddamn good. So it actually, they got the right, the filling. It actually tastes like filling. It's got a bit of that creamy texture to it. The surrounding dough is a bit flakyer than you expect from regular dough, which is of course made in Italian protein. But yes, it's actually very good. And my wife and I got a bunch of these at one point and ate them all. So success. Rated, rated adequate. Robert Irvin's Fit Crunch Chocolate Chip Cookie Doe. Chocolate Chip Cookie Doe. Sport. Apparently you guys like this the best. The Fit Crunch bars are both insanely delicious and concomitantly terrible for you as you would expect. Chef Robert Irvin, owner, says something. He's got a message here on the back. My goal is simple. I want to empower people through food and fitness to thrive each day. Let's find out how much thriving is potentiate after trying this. It's pretty good. Not as good as the Anabar. It's not what? For the macros, definitely not as good in the Anabar. But I'd say this, get you a Fit Crunch Bar. If you want a protein bar in need, protein, but you don't really care about macros too much. It's just an amazing tasting protein bar or like a decent tasting candy bar with protein. Mountain Ops 20 grams of protein, peanut butter, the lifts. Mountain Ops 12 grams of fat. Better be stuck up in the mountain. The initiate. Need to burn that shit off when a bear comes chasing it. Or when someone's sufficiently intelligent, tries to open this. I will say Mountain Ops, the packaging looks great. Look at how orange it is and it's got the peanut butter bliss and it's soft baked. Used to call me soft baked in high school. Never baked anything. There's just soft a lot. The fuck is in here, you're tasting banana. Just post out banana. Raising the bar never tasted so good. Fair plain Mountain Ops. It's a fine bar. So those are the ones that you always see at like R&I. Yeah, you're going out the wilderness. Yeah. Here's a bar, idiot. Solid. It exists. Fair bells. Protein bars I've had these before. Mostly, valuable, a kingdom. And the macros are good. Very good. Slick packaging. Super easy to open. Rechairs. What does this chocolate dough? There we go. It's got little things on it. These usually just scratch the roof of my mouth. I would describe this bar like a dependable boyfriend. And Jim's not the best looking guy in the world. Not the most athletic. His job. He does fine eddies not a trillionaire. But Jim's a good guy. And he always comes through. The mediocre that is. Barbells, chocolate dough. It's a bar you can put in your mouth. There you go. Who normally will join us to the next day. I'll give you a brawl and swallow. You don't hate it. And it'll give you protein. Rhocam, that's advertising it. They're other flavors are quite good. They have like a nuttone like almond or something. A peanut? That is a salty peanut. Yeah. Yeah. Still a salty peanut. I'm not want to eat any berry bells. to design protein bars, competently, but maybe they're just too fun loving guys with connected hair. 17 grams of protein, with only two grams of sugar, G was the other macroism was amazing, let's confirm. Now, at least, yes, this is not a fitness food. It is a for fun food, because a 17 grams of protein and 21 grams of fat. It has as many grams of fat as I was years old when I first received the sexual attention of the opposite sex. What's the flavor here? Maple French toast. Crunchy and almost entirely bereft of flavor. We're in the flavor. Put more fucking carbs in it, God damn it. At 21 grams of fat, who's counting at that point, just put everything in it, fuck, then you Larry. Your cookies are the shit. This goes to the away place where we don't talk about things anymore that go there. Oh, a classic pure protein. Now, typically the macros on the user great and indeed they are. And to be honest, folks, before I try this, whatever I say about how taste doesn't really matter, everyone knows when your hardcore lifter that you eat pure protein bars for the macros. They are the macros that go into your face. You can eat them at a rush. And they're releasing a pack, because they're small. That's what it has been said about mine. General anatomy. Yes. I'll leave you up. Motherfuckers are fucking with me. Fuck all of you. That's gotta be a joke, right? Oh, the other ones are better, right? The other ones are better. It's worse fun. I've ever had. From pro protein. If you're protein, you chalk the brown either original. It's fucking dope. Your salt and caramel is fucking incredible. This, somebody need a fire for that shit. Americans, listen up. America is in many ways. Perhaps some of the most important the greatest country on the face of the earth. But because it does not have a steady supply of Snickers, high protein bars and other countries like that you've more a kingdom do, that leaves us in a precarious situation where we have to spend maybe 10 times more in defense spending, they just make up for the shame that we do not have this beautiful, pinnacle reach of productive free market capitalism. This is actually fucking decent macros. And you know how it tastes? Are you not on a taste? Fucking amazing. The best. There is no new king. The old king never left. Snickers and protein are like two dolphins that are in love having sex. You guys are seeing dolphins have sex when they're in love, especially when they're in love. Scott, there is a rainbow bunny rabbit unicorn party happening in my mouth. Like that better than the animal. Yes. But not my much. Anabar is like the guy that takes second place. But he's like jack to shit. He just missed his conditioning by a little and you're like bro next year. I'm not writing him off. Snickers is still king. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. How is this legal? That was the end of our official testing but we have two fun bars left. Our definition of fun may be radically different. Zone perfect. This is the best rated bar on Amazon. The top rated Amazon phone. You're joking. First, let's see if it meets the parameters of the Zonediac. Wouldn't it be funny if it didn't? The Snickers beat the straight-up on macros. Straight up, the Snickers is better macros. God damn, there's better taste. Fucking good. That's fucking good. That's fucking good. I should have known. It's made by Abbott Labs. Anything named by a chemical company mega syndicate. Is my home and my taste buds. It's fucking great. It actually tastes really good. I wish they could squeeze a little more protein in there and keep the fat the same. If they could do that, they would be Snickers. They are not. Now that I'm saying it, there's a weight of a tangy after taste. Oh, zone. How could you? The keto bar. It is the worst rated bar. How to Amazon. Whoa, it really is keto. Net carbs here are three. There's three carbs in this motherfucker. 13 grams of fat. There's always a trick to keto. Calibates 170, that's not that many, but also like it's tiny, which memory serves. It's 180 calories. Watch this. Fucking your clips. It's like two times the size. I had better be getting something. Are those 10 extra calories? Here we go. Let's try that face really audience. It's like, got a translucent texture. It's like a layer of slime. Oh, oh, you're right. It is slime. It comes off the bar. This is the part in the alien movie where it takes over an animal. Yeah. Ah. It really is covered in a fluid of sorts. It's at the bar of sweating. It's so good for your fitness. It comes sweating already. My supposed to eat this. Oh, shit, it's got bovine collagen in it. Why didn't you say so? Peanut butter, chocolate chip. I thought it was going to be squishy, but it's like Stan Playburn. I thought it was oil. It's oil. This is fucking oil on the bar. Keto, when will you go away? How do you make something slimey and dry? No way, wait, I got it. Make it keto. Keep the witness inside the bar folks. Out outside of it. Get that out of my face. Alright, folks. Wrap it up here. The final verdict is as follows. Snickers, high protein, rain, supreme with an iron fist on believable macros and unbelievable taste texture of the whole thing. It's like they have experience making candy bars and just ad protein to it. The anobar surprise from where the fuck does came from. I believe the countries are up. They're stuffed all out of it. Hold up. Hmm. Which is good spot. Made wear. Made a US of a baby. Woo! I could just see a bald eagle snatching up some other countries animal out of the sky. Snickers dominant anobar honorable mention as very close runner up. Of course, runner up to last is the pure protein, Mulan Rouge bar. I don't know if I could just red velvet. It's terrible in every conceivable way. But that's not the worst bar because the wonder fit keto bar is terrible in ways I couldn't conceive of and still can't. A bar with fucking oil on it that's also dry on the inside. Thank you so much for tuning in. And if we missed a bar something or missed 5 or 10 bars that you think are the best, let us know in the comments. And if you disagree with something I said, let us know in the comments. If you like protein bars, yeah, I don't anymore after this challenge. See you guys never.