Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike. Welcome to the Targeting the Muscle Series back again. Barbell standing overhead shoulder press. It's a lot of work to say for one exercise. That's what we're focusing on and making sure you get really great stimulus to your front delts. If you need that sort of thing and of course you try steps as well. Oh, that's my wife, Crystal. She is of more normal size than me and I am no longer able to do this exercise properly because my arms got too big and I'm sure you'll have a comment about somebody older that has bigger arms than me and can still do these properly. And then I have nothing to say to you except I'm not that flexible and I cry a lot of night before I go to sleep. But that crying will come later. First, let's get to our first tip. Where to put as they call it in Jewish the hands. Ideally, in most cases you'll get the best stimulus the lowest fatigue by putting your hands just outside of shoulder width for me right here. But if not a hard rule, some people can actually go a bit wider and get a ton out of the exercise without discomfort. Some people can go a bit narrower. Ideally, you want your hand to come just to the outside of your shoulder at the bottom of a press. That is for the purpose of maximizing hypertrophy because that maximizes the range of motion and the degree of stretch we expose the front delts and triceps to. That is not a guarantee that it will maximise how much weight you can lift in the exercise. That shoulder pressing for strength. And if you Google my name and standing press your military press your shoulder press and Google the number 275, you will see your boy pressing 200 and 75 pounds for set of eight. Fierce back. And that's just strong. You're going to say it's fake weight just kidding. It's real. I used to be a great shoulder presser. But I got to jack to be able to do it. In any case, that was a nice tangent to nowhere. But what I'm trying to say is strength is cool. And if you want shoulder press for strength, you'll have to play around starting with the grip I was talking about just outside shoulder width to see where you can lift the most weight. But for hypertrophy purposes, just as I shoulder width is usually good. But feel free to play around a finger width here or there to see where it's best for you. You're probably thinking it's all just come to the chase. How much are we allowed world-strogress man style to arch the living shit out of our backs during the shoulder press? Press the launchers show us what a completely upright zero arch press looks like. Yeah. Beautiful. And then give us give us some, give us arch. Oh yeah. Oh, howly yeah. What's up? Olympics 1952. Go ahead and rock. Awesome. Thank you for that down. Here's the thing. If you try to stay completely upright, you end up in a situation in which the barbell kind of floats in front of you. And then you have to press it around your face, which is fucking weird, radically reduces how much weight you can use, radically reduces the forces exerted. And also, you have to really push your shoulders forward, which can make the joint feel strange. My experience that's no bueno. So this idea that you'll see in a lot of other YouTube videos not to shit on other content creators, though fuck all of them. Just kidding. Jeff and Emperor the man, the rest of you fuck all of you. Just kidding. Many of you are great. Some people especially from old school 2010 YouTube would have demos where they're like, make sure to crunch your abs and press like this. I'm like you pussy motherfucker. You can't press the fucking bar plus a few goddamn 25 in that bitch. Fuck out of here. Nobody strong presses like that. And I can get big press like that. It's fucking impossible. The people who teach you to press like that don't actually lift weights in that regard. What you want to do is take a gentle natural little tiny baby arch and simultaneously lift your chest up. Bring your shoulders back a tad. That forms a super powerful shelf. And it allows you to press more vertically. You'll still have an arc. We'll talk about that in a bit. But it's much more of a natural movement. If you lean back a ton and you get lower back pain, don't fucking lean back that far. But you're going to lean back a little bit in its less of a lean. And more of lifting your chest up, pushing it out and starting from here. Crystal, would you like to demonstrate that technique? So do the first, do the first like really curved over super straight one. You see the abs are crunched. Press that's kind of weird. Right? It is weird, right? So, and then chest up nice and firm. Hit it. Beautiful. And down. And rack. Excellent. Next tip. It's kind of an awkward tip. And there's so many jokes to make off it. I'll just let you make them in the comments. Press as close to the face as possible. Right here. If you arc away from the face, your force production drops because the lever arm increase. That's not terrible thing. But it's really bad for tracking. You don't know how many you push the push bar out too far and all of a sudden you lost two reps. Look, oh my god, they didn't have my maximum recovery volume and getting weaker. Well, if you keep the bar close to the face, it standardizes it. And cool enough, it allows you to present a lot of force into the bar instead of losing it that way. And then you can lift more weight, which is cool. That's not what we're after after the standardizations are crystal. Don't you show us the wrong way where people are, you know, six inches away from their face. You probably use that sort of thing. Yeah, there you go. I don't know what the fuck that was, but don't do that. Now the right way real close to the face. Zip and back down. And one more the right way. Zip and back down. Beautiful. All right, next tip is as soon as the bar passes your forehead, you want to tilt your head, push it through. So you're going to start with your chin back, chest up, and as soon as the bar passes your forehead, you're going to lean forward a little bit, pushing your head through, and simultaneously driving the bar, just a little bit backwards. The alternative to this is crystal-ishening a second is kind of like a high inclined press situation. By pushing your head through, you're optimizing mechanical advantage by staying close to the tilt of the joint, right? Which means you can lift more weight, which is cool, strongman, and weight lifterism will get a lot out of that. But for high-purchy feet purposes, when you push your head through and you push the bar back, you actually get a little bit of side-delt growth as well, and a hell of a trap stimulus. So it checks all the boxes, and if you're going to do that high inclined press scenario where you just end there and do this, it is a bit more stress on the lower back in the sciatic area. It's not like the worst thing in the world, but it's more sustainable. It transfers better to strengthen power to do it the right way. As soon as the bar passes, you get a tilt. It's going to feel weird if you've never done this before, so that a few times to you. I've never spoken to my wife before, outside of this occasion, it's a paid relationship. In any case, you'll get used to it, and it's going to feel super fucking natural. Not supernatural, super-period, natural, also-period. Let's do it. Let's try the wrong way first, who's taking nice arch, just press straight. Yeah, this is okay, but it's really kind of like an incline press. The better way to do it is to stay close to the face, and as soon as the forehead passes, notice crystal tilts her whole body and head forward. Just a little bit. You don't have to do this bullshit of exaggerating where you're like, Crystal just some kind of duck walk shit. Yeah, do some kind of like black swan shit. Holy fuck, in the bar flies back that way, it's all stupid. It's gentle, it's subtle, but it works. And that's what I tell all the ladies. Last tip of the day is to control that eccentric. Here's the deal. Control the eccentric, a standing barbell overhead press. Is a gigantic pain in the at. It's humbling, you have to use less weight. It's offensive, you want to be athletic and all like, weightlifting type shit, you know, a fucking cloak-off and shit, I feel that, 100%. Well, 100%. Me personally, if I ever see cloak-off in real life, I get a blush, turn red, direction, I want to get close, I kind of want to smell them. On the other hand, I don't want to like, crowd them out because it's got a male god. That I'm totally married and about 150% straight, 149, but do me sure cloak-off, if you can hear this? Is that us, but to? The little personal, it's okay. So, in any case, let's try these slowest things. Try these slowest eccentric first. Give us some athletic bullshit, where, yeah, fuck yeah, fasty centric. Woo! We're really doing it. Yeah. No good. Slowest eccentric, nice press, and then a three second ride. Oh shit, yeah, pause. And then again, slow, notice, fast on the way up is great. But on the way down, it's super slow, perfect, rack. Amazing, amazing, amazing. Folks, it's been so nice to have crystal round for a few videos. And look, if you want to like, I know this is a contract and you're not really my wife. Maybe we could, I'm not saying it, Mary, that's crazy. That's like, third time remaining. Like, if you want to like, maybe you just kick, like, a coffee or something, like, maybe beer, like, just a movie or the book or anything, anything. Okay, pick up seminar, stay tuned for details. I'll see you guys next time.