Hey folks, it's me Dr. Mike. Welcome back to the Targeting the Muscle Series. Today we're going to be targeting the triceps in the overhead, easy bar extension. Now you notice my immediate attempt to demonstrate this movement is already failed. I can't bring my fucking arm. My shit is too big. I'm essentially some combination of two jack, two fat, and two immobile to demonstrate this, which is why I have purchased activated and brought the wife unit, and she is ready to demonstrate. Let's get to it. Okay folks, tip number one, and overhead, easy bar triceps extensions, is to make sure that you point your elbows in. So crystal is going to do this wrong initially. I just want you to do a behind the neck press essentially, and let your elbows flare out. Like, that's all good and well, and what I will say is the triceps will still get hit, but you get a lot of front-delt stuff. It could be front-delt limiting. You can have front-delt in another part of your program, and that's no good to us. So what we want to do is before we start moving, yep, you see how she angles for shit in. The elbows, you want to have like lines pointing out. You want to point those lines. Laser like forward at your gym crush. Ideally, you just need front of your gym crush. We're filming, stop laughing. I'm sorry, folks. Just don't listen sometimes. So elbows in, point it forward, and nice and slow in the way down. An elbow stay in as you go down. It's going to be tough because you're going to want to flare. And as she goes up, she's going to keep her elbows in and you can rack how many no problem. There is a temptation as you go up to how your elbows flare and what I'll say is this. Make sure on the way down, your elbows point as far forward as possible. On the way back up, it's okay if they flare a little it. It's not a super huge concern as long as on the next drop, you get an in and they point as far forward as possible. Now, if you are bigger and more jacked and have pecks and stupid shit in the way like I do, your idea of inmate and here. That's okay. As long as it's as far in as you can reason with put them. Sound good. Let's get to the next tip. Your first time on, sir. I'm Dr. Mike. Traditionally, the way people do most exercises like this, including skull crushers and overhead extensions. As I'll do what Crystal is about to demonstrate, which is the first movement they make comes backwards. They break at the elbows and go straight back. This is totally fine for a ton of people. You can press it back up, honey. Totally fine for most people. The problem is is for a lot of people. It's going to result in elbow pain. It's similar to if you start your squats and the first movement you do is breaking at the knee. Typically, for some people that can cause a lot of knee pain, same idea. It's a shearing mechanism. So what I found works really well to feel your triceps a ton and keep your elbow safe is the first movement of your elbows break that way. And then instantly right away, right after you come back. So it's a break forward movement first by a little bit and then you come back down. Just like that. Next tip is not just to go down, but to go down and reach back as far as possible. This offers us a huge loaded stretch component to the triceps. I know it trains the long head. I swear to fucking God. One more person. On this video, comments about the long head. I'm ending it all. That's it folks. No more YouTube videos. Gunshot to the head. Whatever the pull with your toe. Before we get to morbid, yes, the long head is a head of the triceps that works. There's other heads. It's equally as important. Long head training. You get a lot of in pulling movements anyway. So no big deal. But overall for the tricep. And of course, the long head. It's super good idea to stretch the living shit out of it, especially at the bottom. The way you accomplish this is instead of collapsing with your head and sort of doing this. You have to reach as far back as you can. It's slow. It's meticulous. It's painful for the triceps, which is good. And it will humble the living shit out of you with how much less weight you have to put on the bar. But if you guys have been following our pee for a bit or if it's your first time, you're on to the shit that like we're not about lifting heavy weights for no reason. We're about getting stronger in the most challenging positions that best train the muscles are crystal. Do it wrong real quick. You're a bro tilt that head down real far. Touch that hair line. Yeah, brother. It's kind of like a press or something. Yeah, yeah, you can lift a lot of weight like this. Won't feel a lot of triceps though. Now reach back. Really far. You'll notice where she contacts us like right on the traps. And then all the way up in one more good rep. You're reaching back as you're going down and that stretches the living dog should out of your triceps if you want to take a pause at the bottom. Feel it out for a second. That's even better. Give that some. All right. So the next cue, the next tip we have to feel your triceps more is to maximize the range of motion and to make sure that you are controlling the eccentric. On this exercise a nice slow three second eccentric is everything in this world. And if you go super deep and control the eccentric and take it all the corrections and tips for before, you're going to zap the living shit out of your triceps. Like when a fly gets into one of the electric zappers then you're like, oh, it's a fly. He's kind of cute and fuzzy and he's like, oh my fucking god is he dead? But then you look at the fly and he's like electric arcs are going around his six fucking limbs and he's like, I can never die. What doctor might get you have a stroke? Close. Let's take a look at this triceps stuff. So boom, first we're going to do it wrong. We're going to do it fast with a limited range of motion. But you can't even do limited roms. She's been around full roms so long. There we go. Yeah. Yeah, crank it out and use a hundred trillion pounds. No good. So let's fix it. Let's keep those elbows in. Let's take our time slow in super deep and up. Now those in slow and super deep just like that perfect. Thank you so much crystal. You know, this is my first time on camera with a pretty girl saying slow and super deep. If you get a fancy easy bar like this, this is nice or regular easy bar or a straight bar, you're going to ask the question of where and living fucking god, why put my hands? Is it here? Is it there? Is it everywhere? The answer is dealers choice. You're going to want to experiment with a bunch of different grips. My recommendation is to always use the monkey paw, the open palm. Like this, it seems to work better for not hurting elbows. If you want to wrap, that's totally cool. Where you put your hands is a matter of where for your structure. You feel that a fly just land in my face. Oh, fuck. It's really on your shoulder right now. In any case, where you feel it best. Is the correct answer. I could tell you bullshit, make belief by mechanics. It's definitely the angle of the human nature. I better hear. Fuck out of here with that shit. Everyone's built a little bit different. Yo, he built a different. Is that a meme? That's a meme. Right? It's got to be there again. So it's always fun until I get it hits by a car and dies and you're like, yes, he was pretty much built the same. In any case, two things. One, experiment. Different grips. Find which one seems to hit the triceps a ton while keeping your shoulders and elbows feeling good. Point two, that could change not just over the course of your life as you get more jacked and as you get leaner, things change. But it could also change sort of several months to several months. So you could use several months of overhead extensions variations with this script. And then you're like, ants get in a little stale. You try this script and it's also the correct answer. Just different. This is one of those positive versus rice questions. There's no correct answer. The correct answer is whatever you feel like, slash a bit of both. But never mix together. It's there. There's their dish where there's pasta and rice mixed together. In any case, folks, thanks for tuning in. We'll catch you guys next time for another one of these. You may ask, where did my life go? Where did my life go? Where did my life go? I think she left. You're a little bit too much. Don't fuck this up. Don't fuck it out. Do you understand? We're in fucking video. Don't fuck it up. You have a small fucking dick!