Everyone knows the ravages of partial reps. Done by not so intelligent bros all across the world. People have heard that they can destroy your physique, causing injury and poor gains. But I have news for you. There is a different kind of partial rep that might be able to give you even better gains in some cases than a full range repetition. Is this an unsolved mystery? Or just the world's shittiest intro to a video? Let's find out. Dumbbell flies are first on our list. Here's the thing with dumbbell flies. As with many of these other lifts, a lot of the best idea way to do partials is to avoid that dremel deep stretch. Why do people avoid the deep stretch? I can think of a few reasons. One is people erroneously think you can get more hurt in a deep stretch than you can at the top end of the contract. That's just not true. As long as you adjust the load, that takes us to our second problem by people do this. It's an ego thing. It look like I get it. I want to come to the gym and just do a few things. Load every single plate on every single machine so that people know that I'm strong. And then approach every single female of reproductive and to be completely honest, older than reproductive age. What's our grandma? Here's a time card, get in line because you feel like when I lose all the weight, these holes just line up. But then reality that never happens and all I do is pull my pack a little bit from using dumbbells that are way too heavy and put me into a way excessive of your motion because I was trying to do top end partial with too much weight. The other thing is going into the stretch kind of hurt. Like in the literal sense, it's super uncomfortable. But discomfort is a huge correlate of getting awesome gains. Think about it. Anytime you look really heavy, it's uncomfortable. You grow. Anytime you do high reps close to failure, it's uncomfortable. You grow. Anytime you do a ton of volume, it's uncomfortable and you grow. And the same thing is true with a stretch. So instead of doing dumbbells and a top end partial, we want to do dumbbells at a deep stretch and that means that we don't even have to come all the way up. So if you just do dumbbells in a bottom and partial situation, getting a crazy deep stretch at the bottom, holding for a second if you're really a man or a woman. We're not here to do genders today. Legitimately, bottom and partial's four flies are totally awesome. If you want to come up halfway, that's dope. Even a third of the way up has been proven in the research literature. Very low range of motion, bottom and stretch partials to grow a comparable amount of muscle mass to the four major motions. I'm not saying we're place any full range of motion lifts with these bottom and partial flies, but you can sure give it a shot in a mesocycle or two of your RPI purchase a sample. What's that? Why am I speaking out of the side of my mouth so that you can have an amazing time and tell people you do partial's because you're tough and cool in our bro, but do them as a right way. Next up is the bench press. Now, the bench press has only one true function, loading of the weight on the bar and standing around to see if anyone talks to you about how strong you are. Asdensibly you're also supposed to lift it, but that's not really so interesting. If you're going to lift it, you've got to do it the wrong way, which means coming down only half way and then locking out. Here are the benefits. You get to stretch your joints more, which is cool. Chiropractors need work. They're people too. The other thing is, you can lift a ton of weight. So not only are you seen next to the weight, they're you maybe you're going to use. You could even quote unquote, use the weight and people are impressed when they don't know what you're doing, but at least maybe you'll get a parking lot hand job or two. Probably just one. Probably just zero, but they'll think about it. And so using a ton of weight and because you're not getting into that old deep stretch there, you're not even growing as much muscle as you could. That is not a wise idea. The alternative is either to do the regular full range of motion bench, which is great, but also the bottom and bench press. Here's the thing about bottom and benching. You will all the way down for full pause and you come halfway up and come back down. This moves your chest. It doesn't quite hit your triceps as much, but if it's a chest day, this is the bench press to try. It's not better than full range of motion, but it is absolutely comparable in another part of the variation process. So you do full range of motion for a few months that get tired of that, do bottom and for a few months, and then repeat that process. The thing with that bottom and range of motion bench that I must tell you before we move on to the next lift is that getting a spotter is critical. Because here's the thing about the top end bench. If you feel like you're feeling on the top, you just kind of push it back to the rack or sort of lock it out and push it back. No problem. If you feel like you're failing at the bottom and bench, you ain't pushing that thing all the way up anymore. You're going to be stuck at the bottom and only one of two things is going to happen to you. You're going to have to dump the weight off to the side and be embarrassed. Or you dump it on your neck and then you think you're embarrassed but everything turns white all the sudden. And then you get to have it and God's like, yo, what up, big family, and you're like, I never thought you would sound like this. He's like, why? See some shit that's f***ed up. No, no, no, no, he sounds great. All right, trying to get into heaven and stuff, you're like, is P. Did he hear you? Like, P. Did he not daddy just some jail? Right, I got my analogy though. I'll be to you. You're working in with the girl. She's a nice looking girl. Maybe her and she looks like a window, you're a Katherine even, something fancy, old English. And the thing about Katherine is that she's using 20 pounds on the cable stack for tries to extension. You want to work in with her there and you want that sweetness. So what are you going to do? You're going to do full range of motion push downs? No, you're not that's crazy. She's going to think, no, she's going to know that you're weak. And she's going to be like, ah, I'm not totally glad to just go like, somebody else. I'm like, well, you're vocal fries so attractive. I want you even more now. You better like do something not like, ah, and press me. And what are you going to do? You're going to do top end bottom end gravity partial push downs. Maximum weight maximum ego. It's going to hurt your elbows. But you feel me ladies, the elbows not be only joined the body girl. Same with using hips later, Katherine or Wendy, where her how your name is. Because your boy's going to impress you so much. That you, you the names are not important. Girl, I'm a man of passion. However, consider this, the top end of most lifts is the least hyper-trophic part of lift. The bottom end, that deep, deep stretch in this case is the top end gravity keeps doing the thing and we're standing up. You want to stay in that stretch. So foringer motion push down is totally cool. But a push down that only goes a third or half of the way down is a big deal and can cause massive price of growth. No, you want to be a little user much weight. No, yes, Katherine will probably tell you like, I'm a totally guy because that only date like alpha. But you're going to get to be a thing this. I don't know. Is omega better than alpha Scott? Is that even better? Janice says yes, you get to be a beta wolf but hold up a hold up baby. I got this with your scheme and in the background, right? All the wounds are having sex in a pile of wolf sex because their alphas are whatever, but you're out there like in the darkness. What are you doing? Training with partials in the proper stretch position. So that at some point, one of the wolves is like, hey, are you a beta wolf like usual? And you're laughing. Two things to say to you, Mr. Wolf, first of all, you hit him with that side tricep. And he's like, oh snap, this is clearly an alpha side tricep. And the second thing that happens is you go, which is Wolf for a little bit. So, do some about these tricep. And then the last thing that happens is you're skipping off with Katherine into the sunset, we're clearly, you're going to be doing a lot of anal. One arm incline dumbbell curl. Let's you get a ton of focus on your bicep. Maximum mind muscle connection. Everything is prompt up total isolation. It's an incredible movement. The real downside is you have to do both arms separately, so it takes a lot longer. And you can't go do whatever next in your day that I have to do after training like sitting at home. Staring at a wall. Wondering is there meaning to this life? But there is. Big arms is the meaning of this life. We've already covered that 100 times in this channel. And you're going to get bigger arms if you go through a full range of motion in that curl than if you do parcels at the top. Parts of the top have a couple downsides. One, you need a gigantic dumbbell, which is cool, because it impresses Katherine. But it's not cool because what happens here is if you use a really heavy dumbbell. And you're doing it for a top and partial, the load increases a ton all the way and then gets easier. And then it increases a bunch and it gets easier. If you get close to failure, like you should be on all of your lifts, you can go a little too far and then you won't be able to save it. So you do kind of dump it and it pits someone's foot and then that's just a lawsuit. Or you go all the way and maybe snap your shit up. The better alternative here is to do the bottom end partial variation. Go all the way down for a full stretch to layer arm on the bench. And then come up halfway, back down, halfway, back down total control under a cent, total control on the cent. You're getting an awesome workout. You're getting a deep stretch. You're getting maximum hypertrophy. And what you can do is even superset this with the full range of motion version. So you do as many foreign motion curls as you can. And then you do as many parcels at the bottom half or bottom. The third is you can toast the muscle, put a cigar in your mouth, dry home in your core vet. The sun is setting. There's like skate these roller skate girls in the Miami and the cocaine. And I don't know where I was going with that. But it sounds nice. She was Mr. Someday. I'm going to grow up to be real tall. And then I tell you what, you're not getting my lunch money because I'll look down on you and say hey, now buddy, I'm just somehow turn this impression into Jordan Peterson. I either buddy. I mean, you can't just have my lunch money. That's an equitable transfer by force. And what do you know about force? Bucco? What the hell are we even talking about? We're talking about pull-ups. Because I got two things going on. One, I happen to be crowned a king, a short king. I'm not quite a short god like Jeff Nippard. But your boy has been working on it. How have I been working on it? Get the bigger back. Because somehow, man, you're going to make me taller. Why do? So if I can't have height, I'm going to have width. And the not best way to get width is to do the most common type of pull-up that you see at the gym, which is the mid-range pull-up. The mid-range pull-up avoids too very unfortunate point to the pull-up. You don't want to be associated with it if you have an ego. One is the bottom stretch because it's quite frankly it hurts down there. And two is the top contraction and get that chin close to the bar because that part's really hard. One part's really hard. One part hurts. I'll call that. We don't need any of that noise. What I'm going to do is I'm going to strap 1845's to my ship. And then I'm going to do this really quarter eighth maybe one sixteenth range of motion right in the middle where a minimum muscles are leveraged to be the strongest and also simultaneously receive the smallest input to hypertrophy. But again, Katherine and maybe even Wendy are maybe, it's a good lady name. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I got this. Morgan. Yeah, what's up girl with maybe boy's name? You're a little bit rebel, huh? What am I even saying? If that bitch is around, she's sure going to appreciate the fact that you're a king with a whole bunch of weight stacked underneath your balls, which might work out well for you. But it's not going to help you grow a ton. What is going to help you grow is doing pull-ups through a full-ange emotion, which means at least getting that chin roughly to the bar, at least your nose are for the love of God at least your eyebrows. And going especially for that full deep stretch and maybe even a second worth of dead hang at the bottom. At the end of your pull-ups sets are even as a stand-alone exercise. Partials at the bottom end can be really, really smart because you get a big stretch there. You're going to get a huge hypertrophy stimulus and you can keep knocking out reps to the cows come home. I'm not so sure what happens when the cows come home. Are we like eating the cows? Are we milking them? Maybe the cow looks at you in a kind of way that you're like, oh my God, it kind of has like long eyelashes and I feel like his soul, my wife died on a farm years ago, a widow or her and, oh, Bessie here is going to have to satisfy my male urges with every hole. And think about that for a second, visualize it. It's happening. Don't resist, Bessie likes it. It's because the leg press, you can absolutely do at the top and range of motion, no problem. This is especially good if you want to load every single weight plate. In the entire gym, man, are you using that? Okay, I'm going to need that. For my 9,000 pound, three rep RM, top and partial leg press attempt because, what's another good girl's name, Chandler is over there. She's kind of seen me lift before. I need to show her a little I'm not going to be pumped out by doing one plate per side. That's for science-pilled nerdy, hypertrophy nerds. Dr. Mike Isrtov on the internet and he sucks. I'm going to be an alpha male bro. I'm going to do top and partial. Yeah, my knees will hurt. Yeah, I might have to actually do them with my hands because if I let my hands go, I die, but I'm willing to accept the risk because the human vagina, the other hand, you could be what we call in the industry and in the scientific literature, a true-pimp team that is registered trademark and do bottom and partials. These shits stretch your quads and fry your quads and accumulate so much metabolite in your quads. It is your torture. You got to be careful with these, get you a spotter and when you're getting close to failure, you can potentially even use your hands to rack the weight. Careful because they will fry you out when it's a fail of the bottom and partial, there's not going anywhere after that. But it is an amazing look. It's especially good to do at the end of some of your four range of motion sets. When you get close to failure at a four range of motion set, what you can do is crank out as many bottom and partial as, and I'm going to tell you this is kind of weird, but it works until you actually just can't move your knee joint at all because your quads are dead. If you get spotters for this and then as soon as you're done, they take the weights off and then you use your hands to help rack or you just kind of pure yourself out of the machine. There's an excellent finisher that you can try any day of the week. If you try it by yourself, you might depend on the leg press, which is an attirable thing because Chandler might come rescue you. And she's like, oh my god, I'm so glad I got you out of the machine. Do you like me? Anything? I could use like mouth to mouth and she's like, what if I just do it with my janitor instead? And you're like, am I in a dream? Yes, that'll never happen in real life. Is the push-up one of the most mangled technique lifts in all of history the answer is absolutely yes? When people tell you they can do XYZ number of push-ups, they are almost certainly implicitly lying because they don't know what a real push-up is. A real push-up is when you go all the way to locking out your elbows and shoulders and come all the way down for a gentle touch of the chest to the ground. But that's really hard to do. So what I want you to do instead is to do the push-up either at the top end all the way from lack out to about halfway down. Right when it starts to feel difficult and can commentantly effective, you don't want any of that. Never, ever let them see you struggle at the gym, Pimp. You want to make people seem that either you're the world's strongest man, or you just never tried and could be the world's strongest man if you just tried. Top end push-ups are amazing for not really causing a whole lot more gains. Then you might have been interested in full range of motion push-ups are better. But if you're real massacist and you notice I am in my day job position on my knees because I love massacism, yes that does mean I can say things like, mommy and it's very well practiced. If you were in my position and I mean literally on your knees, cowering like the pathetic little you are, you can do push-ups that are modified in two ways. Bottom end partials keep in that deep stretch and only coming up halfway are brutal and especially effective after a full range of motion set to where you can't even move. And then you have to methodically roll off to the side because you can't actually use your arms to push up any more even to be in a decent standing position where you can look a man in the eyes with your chest up and say, and bonus round you can use blocks like these to get yourself bigger of a stretch. So that when you were at a deficit you were already in a very deep stretch. Partial position you just go up six inches and back down, go up six inches and back down, go up six inches and back down which I have no idea what that refers to because you buoyant pack in any more than one and a half true. I literally have a micro penis. This is a full admission. When you're doing the leg curl, it's tempting to do just the middle part of the movement. You're your strongest there. It avoids having to get the peak contraction. It avoids having to have a big stretch. It's more comfortable. You can use more weight. And honestly it's a fine way to do leg curl. But in the seated leg curl we have a big advantage. We can put a ton of tension into that top end range of motion for that all-for-goo stretch. It is especially a good idea to do this at the end of your straight sets. Not to put a sexual orientation on it. But why are they called straight sets? Do they come in and get hit out at the gate bar and then like, okay, but I really like your look, but honestly I'm just book and straight row. And I'm like, okay, like you're sure you don't want to like go to back room and I'm like, find out look, well, guess I had that three beers. They're not alcoholic beers, but you know, we could get it poppin. Wait a minute, why am I reciting what I did last Wednesday? At the end of your leg curl sets with a full range of motion, try some of these length and parcels. If you try really hard, the ghost of Coach Milo Wolf might appear and say something European to you and you was a bonnick. Coach Milo Wolf is prone to do on occasion. Worst case scenario, it's going to hurt a lot. Best case scenario is you're also going to get jacked. And remember, you were in the gym for two things to get hurt in a way that doesn't hurt you, but fix this some of that emotional trauma that lends the third grade cost when she's like, I saw you wrote me a note thanking your leg, have a crush on me, but you're like, ugly. I'll never forget that shit Lindsay is why I fucking live. Sorry, where was I? Guys, thank you so much for sticking with us. If you're still here, a lot of fun today. Maybe we learn some things. Here's the deal. There's nothing wrong with the top end parcels for some vibes. It's totally cool. I'll love it respect. Full range of motion is still king, but if you want to integrate some length and parcels, where the muscle is at the longer length, that's a really, really awesome idea. The big thing is though, is the science says it works generally. How do you know it works for you specifically? Is on sensation? Is the muscle feeling like it's getting crazy stretched? Is it feeling like there's a ton of pain in the muscle belly? Do you get more fatigued after the usual? Are you getting more sore? If you're checking a lot of those boxes, even just some of them, you're well on your way. If you try a partial dairy, it kind of feels like math and it kind of doesn't seem to do anything. Just go back to full range of motion or choose it in for an actress. Anyway, if I ever see you at the gym for real for real, you better make in these vases and doing this clown show that I do. Then we can be friends and then we'll come over your house. We can play Sega Genesis. If you have a super Nintendo that works too. See you next time.