I'm Dr. Mike Osertill. I have all sorts of degrees and also my favorite ice cream flavor is Rocky Road. I'm kidding. Is that really even true? Do you know Rocky Road is really how do you know you're from Europe? We have that shit. Get out of here. You don't have a lot of them. Don't even start. Don't make this a year versus USA thing. I'm looking to do it. Motherfucker. That's it. We're out of NATO. This is Milo Wolf. He is almost finished with his PhD in sports science and he is the world's expert on range of motion. And he has been doing lots of research and reviewing even more research. But focuses on the lengthened parcels. I'm normally we don't see that sort of thing in the gym. Well, we see our shortened parcels where you get a lot to do this. We see mid-range parcels where you yell a lot into this. Lengthened parcels. What are they? Why would we want to be interested in doing them? And then lastly, how would we do them? Just the first one first so that I can make my bullshit jokes and make this video terrible. What are lengthened parcels? Specifically, how would you define them as a scientist and how would you define them in practical terms? Sure. As a scientist, lengthened parcels or partial repetitions, so a partial range of motion being performed at longer average muscle lengths than a four-engine motion. So in practical context, using the curl as an example is everyone does them. If you don't do them, you don't even look. It is absolutely agreed. A four-engine motion curl takes you from fully extension of the elbow to full flexion of the elbow. The average muscle length being trained for the biceps may be somewhere representative like hail. What about my stickies? If you were to do shortened parcels, that would be the tall path, for example, where you're biceps are going to train at shorter average muscle lengths or shortened parcels. If you were to do the bottom half, that would be lengthened parcels, because the biceps are on average being trained at more muscle lengths than they would be throughout a four-engine motion. So the average muscle length being trained might be somewhere around like hail. Got it. So lengthened parcels are the bottom x fraction of a lift. Lengthened parcels technically could be the bottom 80 percent, more commonly the bottom half. And sometimes the bottom third and some of these studies. Yep. That's what generally within these studies is what's being used is about one-third to two-thirds of four-engine motion. So as a rule thumb, if you're looking to apply the research findings that we have on making parcels, do you know what I'm training? Lightly a good place to store it is around one-third to two-thirds of four-up. Excellent. And okay, so that's what lengthened parcels are, and you can do them technically, I'm any exercise. Why would we be interested in doing them? There is now a sort of mounting body of evidence across different areas suggesting that lower muscle length training is superior to hypertrophy compared to shorter muscle length training. And there's plenty of evidence suggesting that's the case for, for example, partial reps at different muscle lengths. But for example, do even ball and half of curl versus the top half. And there's some evidence now suggesting that it's at least as effective or potentially more effective than a four-engine motion even. And there's what like a several percent difference in growth outcomes. It's not a huge difference that's in between three and eight percent with their adults. Totally. But look, look, it's a free 3-8 percent. My fuck, you go to the gym five days without any training. Yeah, down there, down somewhere. Anyways, how would you recommend people get into experimenting with length and partial? For a length and partial, you probably want about one-third to two-thirds of your four-engine motion. So about half. Correct. Yes. On average. But because there's a range, we can use that wiggle room to find something that is standardizable for you. For a lot of machines around one-third to two-thirds of your engine motion, you'll have a certain landmark you can sort of roll it into. So that every rep you get the same engine motion, it's very consistent, week to week it performs a very predictable reliable and it's great. Same with pushing exercises, same with isolation exercises. Otherwise, what you can do since you have wiggle room is just find some sort of bodily position that you can consistently replicate. Yes. For a lot of compound pressing exercises or pulling exercises for example, that can be for dumbbell rows, pulling your knees. Right. Just past your knees and a mettle. Same for ordials if you want to do the more deals. For pressing, it can be an elbow angle of about 90 degrees. Yes. I've helped with a foreshoulder pressing, press to just do your four-head and then exactly just most of your head for example. But you work really well. And so you can find certain features of certain landmarks or sort of positions that are pretty consistently repeatable. And since we have a range, and we don't really know if like quarter reps or better the half reps or vice versa, as long as you're somewhere within that ballpark, you're likely to get you in benefits of lathe and push-ups. Yes. What do you think about taking a back-to-a-theoretical level and saying it's the imposition of heavy challenging load under deep stretch that seems to be the likely by which this works. Agreed so far. Yep. Then maybe it's worth doing two other things. Thing one is to control your eccentric at the bottom third. So if you're coming down from a bench from here to here, you're like, yeah, whatever. Get, get now. As soon as it starts to get lower, you really take some time. It's the time spent generating tension is higher as a fraction of the total decent idea. Absolutely decent. And in fact, it's launched time. It's also by controlling the weight more. You're exerting more force. Yes. So it's not just time or attention. It's also how much tension are you producing at those almost. Yes. The integral of time and tension. So it's more time-tension. Great. More tension really total if you think about it. If you think times leading cuts it, man. Well, I mean, oh, you got a little allergy in there. You know what I mean? And then the second thing I can think of is maybe some pausing at the bottom because if you pause at the bottom in an actively-tensed position and in most exercises like you're, you have to actively-ten seal rip apart if you don't. Maybe like at the bottom of a leg press coming down slow. Getting to the bottom where you feel your quads being fucking pulled apart and down there, you go one, two, three, and then press out. Maybe that's another fun idea to try for sure. And the third thing I'd add potentially is an explosive concentric at the very start of the rep. Right. Let's say you're at long muscle lengths. You're the very ball of your leg press. Your quads are stretched. Being explosive at a sorry position isn't herely requiring higher active tension requirements or force put up requirements from your quads at almost yes. Do you think that's dangerous? Not here, and please. Okay. I think if you're used to it and again, gradually exposure is a huge thing with an sort of injury risk or pain. Ultimately, if you consistently hold your feet, don't do it. Right. But if it's a position you're used to and you can gradually get used to being exposed at a long position, it is likely to add to your high-purchased immune. So in a bench press, maybe if you're really strong and you're using crazy weights, don't pulse out of the bottom, but maybe get some fucking oomph and do it. And then when you get to the top, you're like, yeah, exactly. And then resist slow pause. Yep. Oh, you kind of let it die out. That's what I told her as well. Yes. There's a money for the Uber on your way out. Don't untie me. Don't speak to me. Don't look at me. Unbumbed. I love you. And that's been my one eye pretending to have a domineatrix hooker in our domicile. And by pretending to be me in the recalling, see you guys next time.