Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pre-Dization. Today's weekly tip is don't chase progressions too much. What? But I thought we were supposed to be progressing. What is too much progress? Is that even a thing? Turns out yes. So are you supposed to hit PRs in the gym? PR by a rep here by five pounds here? Yes, absolutely. The core of the training process is to add reps and or load to the bar weekly, de-load repeat. However, that should not, cannot come at the expense of very good technique because if you have to get a rep with bad technique, you're lying to yourself about the progress that you're really making, which could be no progress or much less than you think you are. So if you're supposed to hit 10 reps on a squat, but you hit 12, hey PR, but the last two reps were total dog shit. Maybe you could have only hit 11 with a technique. So maybe 12 is an exaggeration. Next week, you're going to want to PR again. You're going to want to hit 13 reps, but you're going to only do 11. So you're just incrementally adding shitty reps to the end of your sets. No way, no. What you're at. End up doing is all of the training that you're doing if PRs are everything and you let your technique degrade at first and then try to match PRs after that. You get a real degradation of your stimulus of a T-raceo, which means that all of the work you do in the weeks after you hit a fake PR and try to match it, the stimulus is lower than how high the fatigue is because in order to grind out reps, you usually have to break their technique. You're not hitting the target muscles as much anymore. For example, in squats, you should be failing at your quads, but now you're trying to round your back and can't leave for you but up, and it's more glute training than you needed. It's more lower back training than you needed. It's a lot of systemic fatigue and your quads aren't getting any better of a workout because you're actually trying to avoid having them be the limiting factor. No good, no good, no good. So when you settle in for a hard set, yes, you should have your goal reps in mind. Okay, I want to get 13 reps, but every reps should be treated as its own with stellar technique every single time. And if you are unable to repeat two reps in a row with good technique, the set is over. If you underperform, that's okay. You can make up for it on the next set because performance is an average of all the sets of the exercise. If you underperform two sessions in a row, then you're just too fatigued to hit the PRs and it's time for a deal. No big deal. Remember, most times you're not progressing because you will the progress. Sometimes you have to have a lot of willpower to get to the progress that you need. However, most other times progress is just something that happens when you apply your willpower to getting good technique and seeing how many good technique reps you can get because if you get a lot of good technique, good technique reps more than last time than you've progressed. But if with good technique, you can't get the reps you're supposed to. You're not progressing your two fatigue. It's time to deal with this just no wrong answer. There, the honest with yourself always is good technique. And yes, try to hit the big PRs, but never at the expense of technique. Ever, ever, ever, ever, ever. And if you do it, you're terrible and you should be crying yourself to sleep every night. See you guys next time.