Am I reading this right? Holy shit. This container, when I do not have very large hands. 22 grams of protein, pretty good. 11 grams of carbs, piece, 21 grams of fat. Scott, this is 150 calories. Nemchia's better taste like semen in my mouth. That I've just been regular semen. I mean the semen of a man who's accomplished something. Like a dock worker or a lumberjack. A man that works with his hands will not a macro friendly food. Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike. I used to be a professor of exercise and nutrition. And I am trying a bunch of different protein chips so that I can suffer for your entertainment. I mean recommend great brands. Let's do it. Quest Original Style, protein chips, cheddar and sour cream flavor. Let me take a look at the macro. But first, I actually just got done working out an hour from this video. So I have my Gatorade here, 60 grams of carbs from Gatorade powder. I need carbohydrates and protein. I'm going to get some protein from just trying these chips. But I need a little bit of a protein boost. The genius shot is a product that actually had a hand in creating. It has 23 grams of protein, zero grams of carbs, zero grams of fat. It's kind of incomparable. And so any meal that you eat with plenty of protein and maybe not so much protein, but plenty of fats and carbs, you can just spike it by having one of these. Scott, you ever had Quest before? What would you think about it? So these chips are some of the best macros you can get in a chip. It's a 19 grams of protein, four grams of net carbs and five grams of fat. 140 total calories, that's real good. And the cheddar and sour cream flavor, I must admit I've had before. No, it worked. I must have worked out so hard before this that I got really weak. Alright, so I'm going to be evaluating these chips on pure nonsense because I'm not a food critic and I've no clue what I'm talking about. I do like to evaluate on appearance and texture and taste and after taste as well. I'm not a appearances dope. They look like stars, right? This got stars in the sky. Let's do it. Very crispy, very crunchy, very good. Now, if you're expecting a grain type of feel, you won't get it. But I got to say, these are just good. Plus, always makes good share. Last, you're my people. This is awesome. Let's do the next one, Scott. Mmm. Oh, alright. The Atkins' Proting chips Ranch flavor, 13 grams of protein, not a ton. We got four grams of net carbs, pretty good. Seven grams of fat. Seven grams of fat isn't terrible, but the macros are not as good. Straight up as the crust chips, so I'm macros. I would use these like a sea. Let's find out how they taste. It's claimed they are baked and not fried, which is nice. I'm highly managed to bake seven grams of fat into this thing. I kid, I kid. Alright. Mmm, smell like much of sea. Ooh, they're Scott. They're kind of puffy. No, I'm the colors interesting. No, I suppose, I'll off-yellow. texture-wise they're very good. They're crunchy, but very, very fluffy and light. For those of you folks that are being regular chips or crisps that you call them on the rest of the world, none of these are going to taste like freedom-laze, or whatever, they're not. But if you assume that they taste like disgusting, terrible protein medicine, you'll be very pleasantly surprised, because once you get over the initial shock, they're not actually like competitive with actual chips and tastes, they're good, man. These are good. I have no complaints. No. Very good. Now, for macros, not great. For texture and taste, quite good. Alright, Atkins. Not terrible. Next. Natural endurance, plant-based protein chips, not your flavored. Made without a cotta oil, because white people exist. 14 grams of protein, 6 grams of fat, definitely something I have a genius shot with, because that's not a lot of protein to fat ratio. Plenty of carbs, actually. I can believe that it's plant-based. Oh, hey Scott, it's kosher. Nice. Oh, for you. Thank God. It's made of pea protein, soy protein concentrate, lentils, flour, etc. Kind of nice, so the protein quality here won't be as high, so while you're eating 14 grams of protein, it really probably converts more like 10 usable grams for getting a jacked. I do, I got to say, I do love the color. Blake Scott, isn't this the kind of orange that you just want to put inside of yourself? Yes, nice bag. And feel happy. It's very nice bag, the black and orange. Oh, wait, hold on. Yeah, Matt, that's right. It's like a stealth bag. They say they have a little corporate thing here. Whatever your passion is, be sure to pack a bag of natural endurance, protein chips, along for the ride. I love these conditional statements. Do you do things, aren't even not do things? Well, yeah. Well, you'll love our protein chips just in case you exist. And if you don't exist, it's two chips for free. That is a lot of corporate speak for let's get it going. The bag is crunchy. Ooh, this smells like some of those weird Asian jerky protein products we try to prefer. Oh. This smells like the back of an old barn, where there's not any horses anymore, but you know, horses have been there a long time, and it's kind of caked into shit. Relatively lifeless, very very earthy looking chip. Not quite as orange as it appears on the cover, but, you know, should bees like that? The crunchiness out of control. The crunchiest chip I've tried so far. Feels like it's filling me up. I don't taste anything natural related to be completely honest. Those real talk. Are they bad? No, they're quite good. The avocado oil and stuff, it's dope. This probably one of the healthiest chips you've ever eaten. So if you're into natural endurance and health and being a vegan, translation your Caucasian, this is your chip. Have a few more. They're not bad at all. Roan. Wild is the first one bold enough to craft a delicious chip from one or percent natural chicken. Our spicy casso blends hints of smoked chip poke-late, and roasted jalapeno with a deliciously-melty-aged cheddar cheese. It's a kefiesta for your taste buds. Saver-freely crunch wildly. All right. It's very exciting. This is a very robust back. You can... Can't even break the chips open. This is dope. All right. I would say that's the second most well-constructed container of all the chips we have here today. Oh, there's an even more well-constructed one. Yes. That's intense. Ah, Scotland's wrong with me. What's this for? I guess they're really control your intake by just not letting you open the bag. Am I mistreating an instruction? Cut! Go to commercial. The RP-i-perchofi app has dozens of pre-meed workout templates. No, hold on. Hold on. I got a hack. Yeah. Yeah. Scused my way into that one. Ooh. Oh, wow. They're colored very, very interestingly as compelling. Ooh. They smell really good. They smell like actual case, though. What the hell? 13 grams of fat they had better. Holy shit. They're spicy. Wow. Stop. These are really good. I mean, should be. If you're not having one of those macros days, or if you just want to get some genius shots and a couple of bags of these, so you bounce out the protein, make it worthwhile for the fats. This is dope. That's like a more fat than a fried chip. Like two-today chips. You got in the store. Yeah. We got damn fat tastes good, because holy shit guys, these are legitimately good. But they're just good. Because I'm Russian and to me, pizza is spicy. So it was black pepper. These are very spicy. But for most people, I think they would just be pleasantly spicy. And I usually don't like spicy food, but... Man. Try what these chips are like. Come home with someone. You just need it a night with another human. You know, just you just need a touch. They don't look so attractive. Oh, just don't. 13 grams of fat. What the hell? I don't know. A couple of sumer wrestlers. But they put it on you. And you're like, Damn, if I've been doing my whole life without you in my life, this is good. Scott, these are good, bro. And afterwards, you don't even have to just you don't even have to do the awkward thing. We're like, and she gets out out of the bed. It's like a saddening. She's like, I gotta go. You don't even have to be like, Oh, but you just like reach out. You're like, pound it, respect. You're in my phone anytime you need to unleash the beast. Can we call them a protein chip, though? So what I'm gonna call them? One protein to fat ratio. Here's what I'm gonna call them. Oh. Yeah, I heard it in the right. It's a little bit lame. It's not ideal. I say this. There are protein chip, but like 210 calories per bag, your team grams are protein, 13 fat, seven carbs. I wouldn't really call them macro friendly. You got to figure out a fitness journey. And you're trying to like, cut some fat, lose some weight. Probably not your number one choice. But if you want some protein, you have it a fun night with snacks. You're high in edible marijuana. If you're even smokeable. She's looking to this. While you guys did a great thing. Hit me. Good. Why more is something that we can't do? We can't. Oh my god. Power crunch. Protein crisps. Barbecue flavor. This is like the, um, once you pop, you can't stop. What are those called? Pringles. Pringles. And Scott, remember Pringles commercials from back in the day? Dude, they're great. Do you have to quote if Pringles had a low fat Pringles? I would hammer them. Pringles. Someone from corporate. Please, for the love of God, make a very low fat version of your chips. We will sell them because Pringles are superior. Oh my god. No disrespect power crunch people. You guys are great. This container. When I do not have very large hands. Am I reading this right? Holy shit. It turns out there are two servings per canister. And so when you combine them per container for this canister right here. 22 grams of protein. Or do you good? 11 grams of carbs. Dice. Pretty low carb. 21 grams of fat. Not a macro friendly food. And probably some of the lowest food volume to calorie ratios I've ever seen. Because it says 150 calories per serving. But a serving is half of a canister. Let me show you what that looks like. Right. Where do I start? They're not exactly Pringles' esque. Because like, I think they kind of fell apart in there. Something like, yep. Scott, this is 150 calories. Yeah, rough. Nemchia's better taste like seamen in my mouth. But I've just been regular seamen. I mean the seamen of a man who's accomplished something. Like a dock worker, lumberjack. A man that works with his hands all day long. Just thinking about sex and just dealing his balls with that sweet, sweet goodness. What the hell am I saying? Saying exactly comes to mind and it turns out your boy's not 100% straight. So the, I will say other than the broken chips with which they are not many. This is a high quality product right here. This is excellent manufacturing. We call that to standard in the industry. I'm very orange. Ooh, wait, I didn't even check the flavor. Barbecue, okay. So in advance, I don't love barbecued flavor. I know, get at me in the comments. You don't smell like much turns out. It smells fine. It's fine, Chip. That worth the macros. Ooh, folks, one of our biggest things on this channel is other information we just get wrong through ignorance and stupidity. We will never lie to you. I've liked plenty of times in my life. I'm sure I'm never going to lie to you guys because everything is about integrity on this channel. And I think the world may, so I'm going to be straight up. I've tried these before. 12 grams of protein, which is an a ton. 12 grams of carbs, cool. Same carbs and protein. Six grams of fat. So it's pretty low fat. These are not questions which are so far go to non macros. But I've got to tell you, they are so good for some other beautiful. And it's just gorgeous. Pure protein makes a lot of good shit. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. It's got to give me a minute, huh? Mmm. Should I leave the room? Mmm. You need to be allowed to throw that? Scott, can you just shut up for a second? I'm trying to jump into it. You don't have to respond to everything. What a dick. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. These are so good. They're just good, Scott. If I bought these at the store and they were just regular chips, we can order the pop chips aisle. I wouldn't know. I would be like, these are really good pop chips. The sweet chili flavor, as the kids say, has lots of consensual intercourse. You get your genius shot or two. Get your couple bags of these. Paradise. Genius shot will buffer up the protein. The macros on the rest of the star amazing. I could eat the whole bag, but I want pure protein. You guys are awesome. Whoa, what's this? Here could we barbecue natural flavored protein chips. Plat-based P protein airpop never fried. Wonder slim protein crisps. 10 grams of protein, 10 grams of carbs, four and half fats. See the roughly scale to the same macros as the pure protein chips. Pretty good. P protein, lentil flour, et cetera. Okay, so this is going to be lower quality protein. So I would say definitely have a genius shot or two with these if you're going to eat them from meal. Just 23 extra grams of pure protein, all the stuff. But getting a shot now, but in any case. Oh, Scott, it's something about the vegan shit smells different, bro. If it does, you're right. Oh, it smells like the feed storage room in a zoo. It's like the Tang plant mouth. Yeah, yeah, detritus. Then we'll fence one of your slim, honesty first. What do we near, Hickory barbecue? The chip looks good. Good crunch, good texture. The after taste is pretty gnarly, Scott. The after taste is like it smells. The initial taste on those, I was decent. I guess my constructive feedback is vegan products. Got a bit of scaling to do to taste really good. So far with heavy irony, I think. The ones made of real chicken, the k-the-the wild caso chips. They were like some of the best-tasting chips, but they're like actually made of like literal animals. And the plant chips all kind of smell off. So, ah, vegans keep it up. You're doing great. A little bit tastier, a little bit better macros, a little higher quality protein. And no one will ever need to eat animal protein again. I really do believe that. Scott, another one. More vegan chips. Y'all have fence vegans. Scott, you know what's interesting? I always say no fence vegans, but vegans never get offended, right? This is shit. Yeah. Kibo. Chickpea chips. Peaco de Gio flavored. With six grams of protein. And our first rather incorrect plain, no offense, Kibo. Six grams of protein. Claimed. Good source of protein. That is incorrect. Six grams is not a good source of protein. Your typical two slices of whole grain bread have more than that. And it's made of chickpea flour. Pea protein. And a few other ingredients. So the protein quality is going to be lower. So it says six grams of protein. But it's really probably like four, three to four, which I would actually say is just a nominal amount of protein. I would say this is not really a protein product. Scott, tell me this is the worst macros of all the chips that we have as far as protein content. It's the lowest. The lowest content here. It's got 13 grams of carbs and four grams of fat. Very low fat. The carbs are decent, but you definitely want a genius shot or two with these because this is just not really any meaningful protein here that you can count in any significant way. So the tastes see their peak of the guy offlayered. I don't ever eat peak of the guy. I don't know idea what this is going to taste like. And the reason I don't eat peak of the guy I was because I have some sort of autism that prevents me from eating a wide-range of foods because of their textures. I think salsa is like a nightmare food that if someone were to time me up in torture me with, I would give up every secret I have in order to never have to pence salsa in the mouth. Scott, is peak of the guy like basically salsa or something like that? Yeah, it's a chunky one. Good. I'll think about it. Let's take flavors. Ooh, it's the first vegan chip that doesn't smell like horse barn. Hmm. Kebo, you guys are awesome. Don't take this the wrong way. I'm not a person who is qualified to be working on food. I have no idea why we do the show. I've strange tastes. I don't love this. It's not very flavorful, but just taste grainy, which is good. It's a grainy taste. But yeah. Ooh. Ooh, these stand independently. Goodness plant, crunchy, protein chips or 10 grams of protein, barbecue flavor, and they have a cup of coffee of claims about them. Vegan friendly, plant protein. By the way, Scott the plant protein has a dumbbell icon. Oh, good Jack on it. Yeah. Zero trans fat, cholesterol-free, non-gimo, which is stupid because gimoes are probably better than regular food, certainly not worse, and then non-MSG. By the way, MSG is typical dose is not bad for your health. This is for when you are real health-nut. And you need something that tastes like something, but you can't put anything into your body because you spend your entire life scared of poisons that probably don't exist. 10 grams of protein, 6 grams of carbs, quite low carb for a vegan chip, and 10 grams of fat. Me, that's not great. Let's get out to school. Hey, to their credit, awesome, easy open situation. Stuff for idiots like me. Barbecue flavor, a lot of barbecue foal will leave shit. What the hell is it? What the fuck? Horse-marin, smells like horse-marin. Scott, what is this? Interesting. These aren't really chips. It kind of look like animal feed. Cheers. To these aren't I'm really sorry, guys. These are not good. It's like the aftertaste comes during the taste. Yeah, they're all kinds of good things vegan, plant stuff, white people shit. A sure shit. Do not taste like barbecue. It smells like horse-marin, tastes like horse-marin. Goodness plant. I'm sure you guys are great folks with all the right intentions, but if I said only nice things about all the products of your review can the whole me try not to bullshit everyone the whole time and yeah. Positiveity? It's a work in progress. I'll work left to do. These go somewhere else. Into the rankings. Those chips taste like a horse-staped on a lot of stuff and then stepped on those chips and then stepped on more stuff. And you pick up a two-finew. That's got nutrition in it, I guess, but not a lot of non-GMO stuff in the world to make me happy about that. Keybo chips, a lot of work to do, Pika to guide didn't like but nothing too offensive and the very low calories, so that's nice. The power crunch protein crisps are actually quite good if you're into high fat, high calorie foods and not getting too full because they're very, very small amount in your stomach. This is it. Otherwise, for macros stuff because these are protein chips and thus we care about fitness and macros nutrition, a big good. It loses a lot of points on that one. A little bit up in how it hits is the Wonder Slim protein chip tastes fine. You're not bad, not bad, no huge downsides. The natural endurance protein chips, not your flavor to pretty good, the macros are quite a bit more decent than all these chips so far and the taste is okay. So much better, also very, very sturdy package. It looks like you feel like they care. Then we have the Atkins chips, which macros lies on that good, but tastes pretty goddamn good and are very, very, very softly crispy, which is nice. The wild chips have not so great macros at all, but they are good, like, they taste really, really good. Next up is a tie. I know crazy, but sometimes that's how it works. The quest protein chips, you're going to see everywhere for a reason, they are superior, they have excellent macros and actually made mostly of milk protein for the protein so it's high quality protein. Very little fat, very low carbs, plenty of protein. They're just good and their tasty is just really difficult to beat. And the only way you could get a tie is pure protein came in to the space with not as good macros, like these have one gram extra of fat, they have, she is 8 grams extra of carbs and are 7 grams short on protein, but they are so tasty and so crunchy that I found myself unable to stop myself from eating them. And yes, these are made of pea protein and, et cetera, so even the macros are overstated, but because they're plant based and these are not. If you're a happy to be a vegan king, vegans, this is your new religion, it is your mantra, it is your flag. When you go in conquer and tire worlds and slaughter and tire races of people, you should do it under this banner. These are all fine companies, they're doing a goddamn good job trying their best and I have a suspicion that each and every single one of these chips over multiple yearly cycles of improvement and going to get better and better and better. So until next time, I'll see you next time.