When you're quite good supplement, doesn't even match up to about half-way to create a team, you know that like testosterone boosters earn a bad way. Basically, these are not really test boosters, they're test teasers, they flirt with your endocrine system, whispers sweet, mechanistic nothings in your ear, and then ghost you when it's squat day, which is kind of true at socks. So a lot of things natural test boosters, and we've been saying this in the industry for a long time, just kind of don't work you guys. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for our P-Straight. And today we're going to talk about test boosters, ways that you can take some kind of supplement, usually natural one, and increase your test testosterone and thus increase your muscle mass and maybe even get leaner. And the question today is our test boosters, hype, or they fact, or they hype? Let's find out. So I had an interaction with like doctor, or he was like, hey, you have to stop using OpenAI's O3 model in AI to help do research for the video. And you know what I did? I slapped him across the face with my white glove that I call me and carefully took off. And tell him, hell no. So I had a huge help in this from OpenAI's O3 product, which lives inside of the chatGPT platform. And if chatGPT could live inside of me or I inside of it, I think that would be ideal, but for now this is good enough. I can't recommend these tools enough. However, after aggregating knowledge and filtering through my science brain that I went to school for, put together this presentation for you. So today we have kind of a lot. Five testosterone boosting supplements, okay, named testosterone boosting supplements. Do they do things? Do they not? Let's figure this out. And I'm going to be using some gold standard of comparison. Cree a teen is the supplement that actually works to gain muscle mass. And of all the supplements you can take that aren't like drugs or not just like more protein that you can get through food or through genius shots. And I write, um, creatines the best. It really is kind of the best muscle of the supplement there is. So on a ranking scale that ends in Cree a teen at like 10, where do these kind of stack up? And, um, fat loss we can use the rank of 10 being turzapatite, which is at five milligrams per week kind of the gold standard fat loss drug. And you know, oh, like if these really do boost testosterone in a very meaningful way, you would think that they would be at least comparable to Cree a teen in muscle growth potential. And at least somewhere on the scale of turzapatite for fat loss potential Scott, if I tell you a supplement can increase your testosterone and you think I'm not a charlotte and I'm being serious. Do you think on average you would say it works less well than Cree a teen about as well as Cree a teen or at least better than Cree a teen? Oh my god. And you're not a charlotte and I'm not a charlotte. I would say it would have to be better than Cree a teen, right? Like because you're messing with your hormones and you already pay money for Cree a teen, some of these supplements are more expensive. Let's find out how they stack up. So our first supplement is de-a-spartic acid. And the hypothesized mechanism by which it works is probably like it increases genetic tropin releasing hormone, which has some downstream effects and basically increases your natural testosterone production. And that's all cool and it actually probably does do that, but reality has some erode blocks for us here. A lot of the very optimistic stuff that came out about de-a-spartic acid a while back was an animal studies. And animal studies are great and they usually transfer very well to human studies, but not always. So ever since they started testing it in humans, they realized that it does have a testosterone boosting effect, but then your own pituitary detects the higher testosterone and clamps it back down. So after about two weeks of taking it and getting a rise in testosterone, that's actually quite small, usually for most people the test goes just right back down to normal. And some randomized control trials in trained men who are taking de-a-spartic acid showed no change or even a slight drop in testosterone at six grams of the supplement per day, which is a robust dose. And the cricket emojis going here, this is not good. The strength of the evidence isn't very high, which is a good thing if you think there's still maybe studies that are going to discover de-a-spartic acid as awesome. It's a bad thing if you think the supplement works well and you know science backseat because that shouldn't be true. There's one systematic review that basically found that it's promising in rats, which is nice, rats are very excited about this and they're flexing in the mirror right now, shaving each other and picking up posing trunks, but it basically the same systematic review find that's mostly inert in humans. Like, Scott can you imagine paying money for the shit and you read that study and you're like, I'm not a rat. Splinter is getting all kinds of gaze. Can we get splinter thrown up on the screen? He's kind of jacked. That boy's on de-a-spartic acid for sure. And the effect magnitude in the best case would potentially be something like a 30% rise in serum testosterone if you were untrained and sleep deprived. And the chronic effect of de-a-spartic acid over enough of a time frame weeks and weeks and weeks to grow appreciable muscle, hovers anywhere between 0 and 5% and actually could hover into negative 5% because sometimes it reduces your testosterone production. So on the creatine scale, it doesn't even reach a 1 out of 10 on the potential to get you jacked side, which really, really sucks. Now, if you are a subferredal man, you need TRT, but if you don't have any TRT, this might help you in short bursts. I'm sure I'll assure you why you would need that, but your adaptation of your body kills the bump that you get in test and brings it back down. The strength and body composition data are basically flat lines, nothing's happening. And yeah, you're just consuming a cool tasting sour thing for pretty much no games. So so far, de-a-spartic acid, number one are our lists. It's the big axe, I think. Big red X. But there are more Avengers assembled. The first one got swatted away by the evil monster. The next one, though, is got crazy superpowers and is from Greece. And his name is Fennu Greek, which I don't think is anything to do with Greece at all. But it's got Greece in the name. Allegedly, supposedly, Fennu Greek works by reducing your sex hormone binding lobulin, liberating more free testosterone to do its called testosterone things to your muscles. And might even inhibit a romatece and 5 alpha reductase enzymes. Again, to give you more actual testosterone to do a good job with. But in reality, a lot of what you get with a supplement is a proprietary blends that may or may not have a certain amount of Fennu Greek in them. And you get usually tiny trials fewer than 50 subjects, which you can't conclude stuff with, but not a lot. And a lot of the studies are funded by company selling the axe rack, which isn't a bad thing. But independent studies would be a really good thing to corroborate the evidence here. And it turns out the total body of evidence isn't very strong. I would give it like a three out of ten or something like that, where a ten would be creatine, whereas like hundreds and hundreds of studies, all pointing and roughly the same direction. The effect magnitude here is to see something like a nine to 14% increase in free testosterone. With a teeny, barely detectable, but I guess detectable increase in lean mass over something like eight weeks of novice lifting. And that gives it a rank on the creatine of again, very low single digits. Maybe a one, maybe a two out of ten, maybe even lower if you look at it from a certain perspective. You might see like some of the subject studies subjects in the study saw, a consistent uptick in a little bit of extra reps to failure and glycogen recynthesis. It's generally well tolerated, so you're probably not going to have any bad outcomes from this. But in free, sorry, in untrained lifters, the effect shrinks substantially. And free testosterone bump is not big enough to really affect your strength or muscle mass in a huge way. And that's why we see that it kind of doesn't. The other thing is like apparently your sweat can swell a smell a little bit like maple syrup when you're on this. Scott, have you ever made love to a man in a bedroom and like just be like, wow, you really do smell like maple syrup. And I love that. Yeah, that sounds like a plus. A huge plus. I take it this for that alone. Yeah, but that's it. And that's all you're going to get because it barely does anything at all. Again, nine to 14% increase in free testosterone isn't something crazy to write home about. It could be effective. It's probably not bad for you, but it ranks way below creatine again, to way below creatine and how much muscle it's going to get you in most cases. But you can as like, hangers, as some with your hormones for so little muscle, not ideal. So fenagreek, better than de-esparna casse, probably, but still not amazing. Tribulus trustrous is our next one. Number three, I've been around a while. I've heard about Tribulus for my entire lifting career. And what it can do is it increases loot-nazing hormone potentially to get your testosterone produced more naturally by your balls. I believe that's the technical term. And the sapinins that compose this thing are kind of maybe a raw stare at backbone on which your body can make more testosterone. But unfortunately, it runs into some roadblocks of its own and has very poor oral bioavailability. So a lot of it, you're just not getting into your body. Most of the human trials show it doesn't do hardly anything. And if you take a higher dose to try to get the bioavailability over and over com, then you're likely to run into gastrointestinal issues. So it's kind of like just kind of hemmed in all over. The strength of the evidence is not very strong. There's handful randomized control trials. And the effect is largely null in athletes. Like just not really anything happens. A recent study on erectile dysfunction, which I struggle with hourly. And due to your probably struggle with yourself, I know you come on your struggling. Stop. You know you are. Scott? No, never. Never. Never, ever, ever. People who have eddy and they were older hypogonaddle men, it did bring their testosterone up by 16 percent. But like if your hypogonaddle, you need like two or three x the testosterone in those cases. 16 percent is not going to cut it. You're like still hypogonaddle just a little bit less. And so the effect magnitude on muscle gain here is approaching no detectability compared to creatine. So like if you tell someone tribulus, trustless, gains you muscle, you're probably more incorrect than you are correct. I mean, if you have less than 300 or 350 nanograms per deciliter of testosterone, which means you need TRT, by the way, you can get a modest improvement in libido and erectile function from tribulus potentially. But like that's such a very different thing than being pretty normal and healthy and athletic and trying to get more jacked that I don't even know we're talking about anymore. O3 calls it like, errogogenic, very dust at best. And I tend to agree of that. So yeah, if you're looking for results, tribulus trustless is probably not the place you're going to be getting them. For muscle growth, that's for damn sure. Next up is a little sleeper. It's ashwaganda again. And we've done videos in ashwaganda before and it actually looks like it works. And it does. It's an adaptogen. It lowers cortisol. It has some loot-nazing hormone activity. It's an antioxidant potentially. And it has GABA urgent stuff. So it interacts with the brain. So I'm really, really good stuff there. And especially its cortisol reduction is a big, big deal. But remember cortisol seeks to kind of reduce your muscularity. Testosterone seeks to increase it. So ashwaganda actually doesn't seem to boost your testosterone much. But it does as most of its beneficial effects come from reducing cortisol. That it does quite well. Probably a five out of ten on strength of the evidence, multiple randomized control trials. There's even a systematic review sorry, a narrative review, which we actually are covering on this channel as well. Either did or will. We already have filmed that video. And the magnitude of effect is probably like the best of these botanical supplements. It is still much smaller than creatine. But it's something. It may be in some studies, can it be interpreted as like a five out of ten on the creatine scale. So this is some cool stuff. And it does have reproducible perks on reducing stress. If you are sleep deprived, it can help you experience less cortisol and all that stuff. And it can have some synergies there. But if your stress is well managed, your gains plateau out pretty fast. And it's just not a thing that even really increases your testosterone enough to do all those, you know, testosterone boosting things. So it's more of like a testosterone effect modulator than it is testosterone booster, which is why it does make our list and is actually quite good. But again, it doesn't even when you're quite good supplement doesn't even match up to about halfway to creatine. You know that like testosterone booster is an a bad way. But don't worry, we have one that sucks even more, just kidding. But it sucks. The old tongue cut alley, which I just thought was someone's name, but apparently is a supplement. It might increase loot-nazing hormone. It might release bound testosterone. It might blunt sex hormone by an eniglobulent and it might lower your cortisol a little bit. And there's a lot of mites there because there are very few high quality human trials. There are variable, alkaloid concentrations and products that they actually put out in the market of this, you're not really 100% sure we're getting any time. And there are real, but rare reports of liver toxicity in the actual literature of people taking it. So like you're getting not a whole lot of anything, but you're getting a hurt liver is really, really bad news. The evidence strength isn't terrible. It's a three out of ten. There's a 22, 22 meta analysis that is available. It's small, but causes a significant rise of testosterone. And here's the thing, in middle-aged men, you can see 30 to 100 nanogram per deserliter rise in testosterone. 100 nanograms per deserliter has pretty trippy. However, unfortunately, the body composition data is functionally negligible, which means yes, it can boost your testosterone a little bit. But it doesn't seem at least in the studies we have so far to have really yielded a lot of fat loss or a lot of muscle gain. Let me say that differently. Detectable fat loss or detectable muscle gain, which is much worse than a lot because it may be hardly anything at all. Now, it might boost your libido, your sacstrile, which is cool if you want to bang more, that's fun. It might increase your mood a little bit and it might make your stress markers better. But, you know, and they've been using this a long time in Southeast Asia, so you know, it doesn't just kill people for no reason. But unfortunately, in Hugo Nattal athletes, folks that are not hypergonatol, it has almost no effect, and it seems to not room muscle, and the liver enzymes worth monitoring is a thing I would say is worth the trade off for like oral antibiotics, steroids, or sarms. But like, you know, with something like ligandrol, that's a really effective sarm, you're going to get like, well, I don't know, a hundred times or anything at any time's more muscle gain from this. I mean, ligandrol grows more muscle than creatine does, and it does have a liver effect. And I would say if you have a comparable liver conversation in your head about something that has arguably no effect on muscle gains versus something that is revolutionary for muscle gains, why are you taking that one thing? Why would you take Tonkata Lee? You could take it for maybe a little stress management, maybe a little libido boost or something like that. Again, these aren't very big effects either, but at least they're tactical. For muscle gain, I just wouldn't even bother with the shit, because it's probably going to do a whole lot of nothing at all. So if we look over our whole list, boy, it's really hard to make this seem good. So just to go through it really quick, I'm going to scroll all the way back up. DSpartic acid is a flat that I wouldn't take it. Fenigreek, you can take, um, it's just not going to do a whole lot, but it's not bad for you, and it's worth a try. Maybe if you have spare money, tributalist trastresses gigantic waste of your money in time, Ashmogand is actually a fine supplement, but don't expect to revolutionize your gains in boost or testosterone through the roof. And Taukata Lee functionally does nothing at all. So that's kind of the summary. And what O3, the AI from ChatchipiT or OpenAI said about this was basically these are not really test boosters, they're test teasers. Uh, not only do a whole lot, the joke that OpenAI's O3 model said is they flirt with your endocrine system, whisper sweet, mechanistic nothings in your ear, and then ghost you when it's squat day, which is kind of true at sucks. They're at a 90% hype, 10% hazard. It's unlikely they're going to screw you up, but it's very unlikely you'll have any kind of benefit at all. Ashmogand aside really, none of these supplements really make my list of anything you can take. And the Ashmogand stuff doesn't even really work through the testosterone pathway. So honestly, natural test boosters, and we've been saying this in the industry for a long time, it's kind of the work you guys. This is the get-t-r-t get you, t-r-t plus if you know what I mean, which means, you know, the other side of the dark side aisle. And, and, and, and other than that, then, you know, good sleep, good food, good recovery, good stress management is the way to keep your test levels really, really high. Um, creatine costs a nickel a day, uh, it'll never file for divorce, and it'll whisper not sweet. It's nothings in your ear, but sweet, out of all like somethings. Get you some creatine, get you some protein, get you jacked, take the test boosters, throw them in the garbage, better yet don't buy them at all, because throwing money in the garbage is a bad idea. You guys like test boosters? Yay! How am I gonna give him a name? Comments? See you there, and I'll see you guys next time.