Whoa, Scott, it really smells like fruit loops. Cheers. You guys have a place Sonic that hedgehog to not say a Genesis, the chemical plant zone. This was bottled there. It's just the level in a blended form. Fruit loops were not harmed during the making of this protein. It gets smells like fruit loops, but it tastes like you're dying. Do you can't Sam? I'm busy tonight. Hey guys, you voted for the best and worst protein shakes for me to try, and now I'm going to try them. Let's get into it. All right, number one is the optimum nutrition gold standard double rich chocolate. They named it after Mr. Nick Shaw the CEO of RP Strength, because he's not rich. He's double rich. This is the protein we all grew up on. Scott, do you remember this protein taking you to school and helping you walk your dog? And it would always wave to the male man. America grows up on optimum nutrition protein, because it's awesome. It's got 120 calories in standard serving. We're just doing one scoop for all of these by the way. 24 grams of protein, which is a lot. This is really good. Just one and a half grams of fat, which is very little, only three grams of carbs. This is extra high-quality way protein. Really what we're looking for is low fat content, low-carb content, high-protein content, and overall low calorie content. From the nutritional perspective, that's how we're measuring these proteins. Obviously, of course, if the way proteins that means are high-quality already. And we're going to be doing for all these proteins is a protein to calorie ratio. How much protein you're getting per scoop for how many calories? And that's really our core index on the nutritional side of like which one of these is better on that side. But it says nothing about taste, texture, and all the artisinal things that I was trained at at the Scott at the Academy for our tisinal protein Somalia. I did years in that academy. I didn't see daylight for weeks. All I had was protein. Let's find out if my education actually meridon anything. The protein to calorie ratio for this one is point two. And that sets a gold standard. Exactly, I just remember it mixes incredibly well. Incredibly amazing texture. Mix is super, super easily. And it isn't ultra overflavored or ultra sweet. Scott, isn't that nice every now and again, not to get a protein and try to punch you in the face with sugar? It's like neutral, a little. It's neutralish. It's off sweet. And I really like that one way I like to consume this is if I need a way shake in the evening with some nuts or something like that because I need some proteins and fats. I like to actually have this in hot water. And then it's like an off-sweet hot chocolate. If you throw in a couple marshmallows in there, it bounces out really awesomely. Man, gold standard is the gold standard for a reason. This is sweet. Our second contender is the rise. Skippy peanut butter protein. Well, cool. It's loaded protein with premium way protein with MCTs interesting. So there really shouldn't be getting a nice peanut butter texture because the medium chain triglycerides in here are a nice healthy fat, but there is quite a little bit more fat in here than the traditional protein product. And a little bit more carbohydrate. The protein to calorie ratio here is scoring in a point one-seven substantially lower than our gold standard. So you'll get a few more carbs and fats in here, which to me means the taste expectation has gone up. You guys know what I'm saying? If some shit is gonna be not as ideal protein nutrition for you, it had better taste good. Oh, Scott, this smells legit like Skippy peanut butter like for you. Whoa, so here's the thing, when I'm dieted down to the bone, peanut butter super tasty. When I'm maintenance or mass mode, I hate peanut butter because it's just too much. This is, I love this package too. There's a lot of happy things going on. There's nuts and butter and not butter. Anyway, cheers. Wow. This tastes about as close as you can get to like water down sounds bad. 100 down blended peanut butter. In the best way possible, it's very sweet. It's very peanut buttery. It's incredibly thick and smooth. This is some high quality shit. You guys, if you like your way protein to be a little bit higher in calories, maybe for like an evening shake or meal replacement, and you love it to be really sweet and you're obsessed with peanut butter all that's forms, rise really knock this the way the hell out of the park. This is really good stuff. I'm not personally in to super sweet things because I'm not eight years old, but I'm also not allowed to be around eight year olds for a variety of reasons. Rise you're doing great work. We're gonna do it. We're gonna do it. We're gonna do it. We're gonna do it. Number three is the transparent labs, blueberry pancakes, protein, isolate. So the really cool thing about this one is it's only using protein isolate, which is very high quality protein source. We can expect the macros on this to be phenomenal and indeed they are. 28 grams of protein, two grams of carbs, just half a gram of fat for serving. 28 protein, and that few carbs and fats is a god tier territory transparent labs is doing something right. A protein to calorie ratio of 0.22, this is our highest protein to calorie ratio so far. So if you reel it on that macro game, if you really thin to get that abshit going and flex the ladies and have them say, that's cool, but like I'm not into like my fellow guys, you want transparent labs. This is one of these aspirational type of flavors, it's got you feel me where they're like, not just blueberry, not just pancakes, but blueberry pancakes, tough to get such a complex flavor in a powder. Yeah, but it's hard to taste like pancake, oh, it tastes butter, I'm gonna taste so. I'm gonna taste blueberry, yeah, that's the thing. Yeah, you know what my favorite taste is with pancake, Scott? It's the taste that reminds me of the fact that I'm sitting in a diner all alone in Saturday morning and just the weeks just keep getting tougher, man. And I just don't even know what's going on anymore. Just cry into your pancakes. Yeah, use the sock up your tears. And the waitress calls you honey and sweetie a lot. You know, she doesn't mean it. Let's try this protein. Whoa, Scott, they're getting the smells right on these. This the most blueberry shit I've ever smelled in my life. Cheers. Okay. Okay. Okay. You can't really drink blueberry pancakes, can you? The negatives first. Eee, it's not blueberry pancakes. It tastes very sweet, very rich, which is crazy as my faddenet, very smooth. And maybe one of the most like blueberry things I've ever tasted. And so it is actually phenomenally tasty protein. It's like really tier one taste. It's just, I don't know. If you're expecting blueberry pancakes, I just don't know what you're expecting. You're not gonna get it from this protein. But what you're gonna get is arguably a whole lot better than blended up blueberry pancakes. So this is one of these ones that's good all the time. It's good when you're dieting, and it's good when you're mass gaining because it's super easy to take. If you like it on the sweeter side and on the more flavorful side, but it's still not watery, it's very rich. This is it, man. I give it a 10 out of 10, it's sweet. And nutritionally, it just kills. So what do you think? What do you think? Number four is the muscle sport lean way come at me, canole. A, A. Finally, Scott, I get to do my Italian guy accent. A, you got a problem with canole? Listen, I've been the, the prison I am of, I'm a criminal. I'm a chef looking me. Scott, you see the guy in the career? I do. Good kidding me. My grandmother invented way protein. And my great grandma was a literal, concao, don't call her a concao, need 130 kcal, 25 grams of protein solid. Two grams of fat a little bit on the higher end. These are pretty stringent criteria. Four grams of fat, a little on the higher end. So we got a point one nine on the protein, sorry, four or four carb on the protein to calorie scale. We got a point one nine, which is below the reference frame of gold standard, but pretty damn good, pretty damn good. And with 25 protein per serving, you're well on your way here. It supports fat burning. Uh oh, so like caffeine in here, some shit. And then it's keel friendly. Let me make sense. It has almost no carbs. Leane, weight, fat metabolizing matrix, got MCT powder. Okay, so for full transparency, there's almost no MCT powder, because it's only two grams of fat. And MCT's just burned themselves. They don't burn in an additional fat. That has to be something that's said. And then there's soluble corn fiber and L-carantine tartarate and CLA conjugated to little like acid. That's interesting. You're getting a little bit of CLA. It's not enough to really do anything, but it's a nice thought. Cheers. Whoa. They got a little chocolate jibblots or some shit in here. I can taste those. Incredibly sweet, incredibly rich, incredibly smooth, incredibly sweet, even the aftertaste is good. This is amazing tasting protein. We did not grow up like this. I forced spoonfuls of dry protein down my throat as I walked uphill in the snow in the summer time. And I wasn't even going to school. We didn't have school when I grew up. This is super tasty. I love it. And I think I'm Italian now. All right. Our fifth protein of the day is the core nutritionals death by chocolate. Darling. On the technical quals, it has 140 cows, 25 protein, three fat, two carbs, which is quite a bit of fat in carb. It's good to go into amount of protein, too. It gives it a point when protein to calorie ratio, which is on the lower end of the proteins we've been trying so far. So that's how this works. Is it had better taste, damn good? No fillers, full disclosure, way, casey and blend. Oh, that's right. The milk protein is casey in it. So this is going to be less of a postwork out thing and more of like a meal replacement protein, which is cool because then it has more fats and carbs. That's nice. Let's put this to the test. I've got to say before I get into this, I am a chocolate. I love chocolate, especially gelato and dark chocolate. Scott does that mean I'm a white female. Absolutely. Sure does. I'm like getting like, hi, I'm this. Am I totally up? Drag it out. Scott, I can just keep doing this all day then. Can I get one more? Is it okay to get one more? Oh, it's paradise, you guys. I don't give a shit how this tastes man. Corn and sugar, all of you guys did it man. It's a smell alone, it's good enough for me. Let's try the taste. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Amazing. And when you drink it, it's actually way too sweet, but it's got tons of chocolate packed into the punch. I only critique as it could have used more chocolate. But then again, I'm an aximalist and you would end up just having a piece of chocolate cake in there. If you want a meal replacement protein that you pair with like a handful of almonds, this is like kink shit. And I gotta tell you, I haven't tried this yet, but if you use hot water to mix this, hot water, some walnuts and a little Scott a little, a little mint leaf for accentuation on the plate. Perfect. I can't critique this at all. This is wonderful. Number six in our list of proteins is the ghost Oreo protein. So shout out to the ghost people for getting a collab with like a real major legit food company. Oreos are, you know, yeah, just put them in this stuff. You gotta get a lot of approval. They have legit Oreos in here. It is going to be 150 calories. 25 protein, two fat, seven carb, which is way on the higher end, giving a protein to calorie ratio of 0.17, very much on the low end. So this protein is going to have to just pack way above its weight in actual flavor and taste and texture. And the thing is, I've had this before and I already know it's amazing. We'll say with all due respect, when you mix ghost protein, you want to put water in first, then protein, then water otherwise you get a clump like that at the bottom. Then you've just essentially annihilated your shaker because that's never coming up. It's good. The protein itself tastes very good. The best part of the Oreo ghost protein is that it actually has Oreo chunks. So this protein actually probably wouldn't drink. What I would do is if I was a sugar hall, I'd like all of you. I would get whatever breakfast cereal you like the most to have post workout for a little bit of milk in there. And then for this Oreo protein in there, you're going to get tons of glycimate carbs, very low fats, tons of high quality protein and the Oreo chunks crush. So there's literal Oreo pieces in there, which is unbelievable. Obviously that hurts the macro side, then it helps taste side. This is good. It's very good. I gotta say though, I've never had any of the other proteins except for our first one on this list. And those are competitive if not kind of punching above their weight, even above ghost. Factoring in the macros, of the best protein so far that we've tried, Ghost is hanging in there, but by a thread, those are the proteins that we tried. Man, they were really, really good and I was just really pleasantly surprised. So Ghost is just a goal. They get, it's just like, it's awesome. And everyone knows it's awesome. Mad respect to the Ghost people. It's a great brand. The calories are pretty high and the taste is good, but some of those other proteins give it a run for its money, I'd say. All right, next up is the muscle farm banana milk. Very cool. It has 130 calories, 24 grams of protein, two fat, two carbs, which gives it a ratio of protein and calories of 0.19, which isn't at our gold standard. It's just below, but it's pretty damn good. And I typically absolutely detest banana flavored things, but it's tested for bad substances, which is really dope. I love the supergreen caps, God, doesn't that just jump out at you? Pops. Yeah. Anything that's supergreen, I'm into. Scott, then I'm gonna tell you how much I eat banana. Fake banana flavors for us. Fake banana flavors, the worst. What's wrong with you people buying this stuff? Oh, here we go. Textures great, sweetness is great, dust taste milky, and the best way possible. It's got that full-bodied dairy feel. If you want a banana tasting protein, you're gonna get it from this. Also farm, you guys are awesome. Raw, dark chocolate, protein isolate, and it's grass fed, all the good stuff in this. It has 130 calories, 26 protein, one fat, three carbs for protein to calorie ratio of 0.2, which is right at our gold standard. This is amazing stuff. It's in form sport, man substance tested, which is great. If you're drug free athlete, you can have as much of the shit as you want. Dark chocolate, I typically futs with heart. Yeah, I know what the problem is. It's good. In my opinion, it's not great. Why? Because it's naturally sweet. You guys, there is a logical fallacy for the shit, called the naturalistic fallacy, the argument for nature. Assuming natural things are good and artificial things are bad. It's not a categorical rule. You can apply it a food or pretty much anything else. So it's flavored with stevia. Yeah, it's all grass fed and natural on shit like that. Taste like it. It seems like the cow was red and grass with a little bit more sadness in it than usual. It's a good protein. The naturally sweet shit just hits the lips all wrong. And I've even rep for brands that were natural. I just tell people straight up. If you're into that white people type of shit, don't it's great. And for this, I mean, they have real white container. So dope. But is it the best tasting protein we've tried? No. Granted that it's made with stevia, isn't very good. Yes, because stevia usually tastes like dogs. Not bad. Time for number nine protein for today. Six star fruit loops. Very cool. Where is two cans? To let me know that everything's going to be okay. Um, just fall by nose into corporate propaganda. Woohoo. I'm as pro corporate as a get so I approve. I got all say 170 calories a lot of calories. 30 grams of protein's really good, but at 2.5 grams of fat and 8 grams of carbs, the protein to calorie show isn't our worst at point one eat. But it's on the low end. So this had better taste damn good. Let's go for the smell first. Two cans, Sam. Yeah, never let me down. Don't start now. Whoa, Scott, it really smells like fruit loops. Uh, cool. Like a legitimately like exactly like fruit loops. Cheers. You guys are a place sonic the hedgehog to on Sega Genesis the chemical plant zone. Scott, you know what I'm talking about? Hey, sure. This was bottled there. It's just the level in a blended form. There's absolutely nothing about this in my opinion that tastes like fruit loops. Fruit loops were not harmed during the making of this protein. We're at all touched as far as I can tell. Nope, no fruit loops in here and I can share a shit tell you that. Now, it smells exactly like fruit loops for the grand delusion. But in reality, it tastes like semi-sweetened chemicals. Yay, I guess fruit loop truly is made of semi-sweetened chemicals. Haskot, even the real cereal. Yeah, how does it look like? Yeah. So the taste is accurate. I would say this does not come close to being a tasty protein. It smells nice. But for eight grams of carbs and two and a half grams of fat, a lot of other proteins on this list are doing good work. Two cans, Sam. I'm busy tonight. Our next protein comes from the nation of Japan. In so for cultural equity and inclusion purposes, I have summoned my Asian wife. Are you laughing at the Asian people's generally or are you just racist? What part of Asian culture is funny to you, Gavara? I know you grew up in the Bay Area and so you look down on Asian born Asians. Super-team. Yeah. Crystal I went to Japan on vacation and we found this and we couldn't put it down because holy shit, how often do you get a soup protein? If the ingredients list looks like this, and now my wife will read it. You ready to try this stuff? Let's do it analysis first. You have a pleasure to play with us. Yeah, yeah. So it's a soup protein. I think it's a pleasure. It is clam chowder flavored, which is an interesting flavor of protein. I will say on the nutritional end, a very small serving size. And it's like half the serving of irregular protein. So basically scale to a normal serving, it would have 23 grams of protein, two grams of fat, and almost nine grams of carbs, which is kind of a lot that gives it a protein to calorie ratio of 0.16, officially making it our least high protein to calorie ratio protein. It's cold. Isn't that how clam chowder is supposed to be? Wait a minute, your Asian and you're saying that? Oh shit! Oh shit, something died in here, girl, are we sure about this? It's actually not bad. I knew you were actually not bad. It's like, it's like durian. Once you get past the smell, no, once you get past the smell, durian rots in your mouth and destroys your memories of childhood. This is nonsense. Soup. It's soup. It's literally soup. It's like a really good clam chowder soup. You'll legit like, I could totally get some rice and some meat and pour this in. Yeah. Like a concentrated version, it would up the protein and like. Give you some flavor. So it's Scott, the send it up being decent bro. I'm actually surprised. It's so skeptical. Scott, is it possible that crystalline I could potentially kind of like maybe tie you up, throw on some satanic music and pour this all over your body or is that like too much? That's great. Let's do it. If you're not going anywhere, you're sticking around for our last protein, aren't you? Oh boy. Because we have a story about this one. Oh, yeah. Folks, our last protein for the day number 11 is from the Aeroom store, which is a chain of stores mostly in Southern California, that here's how the brand started. White people love to overpay for organic natural shit so they can feel nice about themselves after colonizing and slaving the entire world. 210 calories. 20 grams of protein. 9 grams of fat in 11 carbs, giving us a protein-to-calorie score of 0.10 way out of distribution as the absolute lowest nutritional value for protein per calorie of any of the proteins are trying. Maybe any proteins I've ever heard of. Crystaly rate of try the stuff. Let's do it. It looks green in there. Now what kind of it's cacao flavored? Uh, yes, cacao flavored. Yeah. That's another test of rich elite whiteness. You don't eat chocolate. It's cacao. Cacao. No. This tastes like nature. Oh wow. Very earthy. Okay. Like, you can tell plants have been ground up and like in there. God, that's awful. And I like certain vegan proteins because sometimes I do like that kind of grass. You let the f- you lawnmower. Let's get them out of the menu. No, the mouth feel is like sometimes I enjoy the mouth feel but this taste plus the mouth feel is terrible. It's sour. Yes. Okay. It's got literal bits of can grass in it. It clogs your teeth. I have no idea where the cacao or chocolate is in there. For 210 calories, I feel robbed. I want my money back. I want my money back. TLDR. If you're into like actual nutrition and good taste and things that are healthy for you and have a ton of protein with very low calories, you want to get shape. All of the earlier proteins do this about in the finnity times better than this one. But if you want to be seen with the glitziest and most glamorous and Beverly Hills, go to air one and at least the chocolate chip cookies look good. If you have like a gazillion dollars. I'm going to put this in the fridge. All right, folks. Time for the ratings. My wife left me so I'm alone. This I do by myself. The ratings are kind of just kind of hand-wave the integration of macros, protein to calorie ratio, taste, smell, texture, mouth feel, that whole thing. Mostly just vibes. My number one ranking. Very surprisingly to me is the transparent labs, blueberry pancakes, the nutrition is outlandish. The amount of protein relative to calories is frightening. And it tastes like I don't even like blueberry you guys. I don't like blueberry pancakes and every eat them. God made this and apparently sold it to transparent labs. I would just buy this right now if I were you. This is unbelievable. Core protein, death by chocolate, is going to be the best death you ever had. This protein tastes unbelievable all the way from smell to afterchaste. This is the chocolateiest thing I've ever had in my life. I want more of it. I'm actually keeping this after the shoot. No one's getting it. Scott's video guys not getting it. This is all going down the color. This is amazing. Rise. I don't even like peanut butter that much. But you guys blew this one completely out of the water. This is phenomenal. Yes, it has a few more calories and shell like that. But if you want peanut butter, this tastes more like peanut butter than peanut butter does. Unbelievable. Hey, you better rate this high or else phenomenal. Excellent all around. Again, I don't even like canoli. I like it now. Ghost, you guys do great work. Your protein's awesome. I'll never have anything bad to say about it. We'll clumpy little high in calories. People come to respect that sort of thing. If you mix this with a cereal or something like that, it turns into damn you're the best shit you've ever had in your life. The ghost is a little scary. Please change the logo or I'll never buy it again. You never ever, ever, ever, ever, ever. Mess with a classic. Surprisingly good. Do not put it into your workout shake. But if you want to add this to your natural soup, it'll boost the protein as far as compared to real foods. The macros are dope. Japan has never missed a day in their lives. This is a really good protein. It honestly hits exactly what you want in the nutrition is just spot on. I love the branding. I love the green. Muscle farm is a great company. This is really really good stuff. I hate banana with every ounce of my being. That is the only reason it is ranked lower. Stop putting stevian into shit. Again, I've been associated with brands that put stevian in it. But if you just because white people need to feel good about themselves, and have a lot of naturalistic fallacy. Seriously? It gets smells like fruit loops. But it tastes like you're dying. Do you guys know why we don't have a whole container of this? We couldn't afford it. The shit costs like $90 per container. Just eat grass clippings. That's all I have to say about that. Alright folks, that was really fun. I love tasting the proteins. I have three takeaways from this. One, natural loving white people. You just gotta really start reading more science and stop getting ripped off. It's getting sad. You're all super smart and educated. You can do better than this. Stop buying the stew but overpriced nonsense. No offense, any particular brand. Number two, if you're gonna make a protein that claims to taste like something delicious, try. Number three, almost all the proteins on here. We're so good. It's got an eye we're talking off camera like we did not grow up with this kind of protein. Almost all the protein on this list is like the best protein I've ever had. So as far as powdered proteins go like you guys are living in just an absolute utopia. The top five top six proteins on today's list are just all killers. They're amazing and I'm legit gonna keep a bunch of these cans and just snort these in my own free time. Anyway, if you guys want me to try some other weird protein foods or something, let us know in the comments. Otherwise have a great day and go buy yourself some excellent way of protein.