Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyridization. And today my tip for you is so nice. And it's going to be so nice to hear. I want you today tomorrow and pretty much every day of the r After to relax for an hour, every day at least. Relax for an hour, every day. That sounds like the Hubertman podcast. Wake up. Stay at the Sun for 15 minutes unabated and then relax for an hour. CEO tips, you know, an entrepreneur success tips. That's what this channel is going to become. How to make millions of dollars by standing at the Sun. In any case, fatigue is a concept in training that many people have an intuitive understanding of, but I was lucky enough, bragging time to get a formal education and sport science, PhD and all that stuff. So we studied fatigue for a very long time. And here's something that we learned that some people don't know. And it is this. There is something called physiological fatigue where it's just like your cells are getting beat up. Your bones, micro fractures when you lift really hard, your blood vessel sometimes burst a little bit. Your muscles get torn, tendons, connective tissues, all that stuff. And that's kind of obvious. Like after you do a few sets of 10 in the squat, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to be like, something is broken inside me and hopefully we'll get fixed at some point. Try to walk up the stairs or down the stairs like, my body, my body has sustained damage. And that makes sense. And that's definitely a thing. But there's another fatigue that stacks on top of that, which is psychological fatigue. Your brain is a machine. It's a thinking machine. And during it's thinking processes, if you force it to think really hard or focus psychologically and create a lot of psychological stress, it also accumulates both physical awareness and care. For example, some of your neurotransmitter pools can get heavily reduced such that the transmission through various neurons are from one to another. Isn't as reliable as it always is. It's kind of when you feel spent, like at the end of a three hour long squat workout, your brain is tired. Someone's like, try hard at anything. And you're like, ugh, I can't, right? That psychological fatigue is also a separate layer to the physical fatigue. Here's the trippy part. Psychological fatigue, there are two more things to say about it. One is you can sum up psychological fatigue from other sources that are not training. You can get physiological fatigue from training or from like spending all day on your feet. Like that, who absolutely physiological fatigue is well, even though it's not training. So you know that when you're going hard on the gym, you have to make sure to manage your physical activity, not doing any kind of super stressful work. If you're really serious about training, you got to try to work around, minimize, etc. so that you can pour everything you have into training. Psychological fatigue absolutely comes from other sources. In the main fact, much of it may come from other sources. If you have a really stressful day at work, you come home and you yell at your partner for a little bit, you can't believe I'm saying partner, 2023 shows this, your wife, man, like, God intended. If you do that, that may sum up more psychological fatigue than three hour long psychotic squat workout ever could. That's the first point about psychological fatigue is it comes from a bunch of different sources, mostly your daily life. And then secondly, psychological and physiological fatigue mix and affect each other into total fatigue. So here's the big point there. If you have physiological fatigue that you have accumulated, as you rest and recover physically, like you move less. Over time, that physiological fatigue starts to drop off. Perfect, your body's healing itself. How if during that time, you're stacking a lot of psychological fatigue on top. And that psychological fatigue is high and continuing, like as you go Monday through Thursday through the week from your first leg workout on Monday, everyone knows Monday's leg workout. To your second leg workout Thursday, physiologically under the hood you're healing. But if that entire week is finals week at school, you're breaking up with your girlfriend who had a misunderstanding and killed your dog so you're grieving for Wolfie. And at the same time, your boss is like one millimeter away from your face while you're working. And he's like, you better do these goddamn spreadsheets right or god, damn it, you're like, do I have a drill sergeant? Boss, how does that work? I thought I worked for a software company. And all of that psychological fatigue is high and not reducing because it's just continuously being presented Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Your degree of healing physiologically, your tissues in your legs, the healing will slow down a ton so that by the time you get to Thursday, you may still be under recovered, where normally you would be totally fine. And it wasn't because you were more active. It wasn't because your nutrition was off. You may even have gotten just as much sleep as usual. It is because your psychological fatigue infects and bleeds into it affects your physiological fatigue and importantly, your ability to bring down that physiological fatigue. And in training, if you give a shit, your ability to train hard to provide adequate nutrients and to bring that fatigue of hard training down as fast as completely as possible between sessions is kind of the trifecta of getting really good results. And of course, sleep is the biggest part of bringing down that fatigue and also not continuously running around the block and something more fatigue, so sleep and lower physical activity, but a big modulator of that ability to recover is the degree of psychological fatigue that you have. So the title of this video, I don't know, I don't make the titles or the thumbnails, by the way, blame Scott the video guy and technically speaking, we outsourced some of the thumbnail, so blame the thumbnail people who I've never met, sight unseen. God knows what they're coming up with next. Whenever this video ends up being titled, the topic of the video is to try to relax for an hour every day. It's not just one of these shit I'm telling you guys that's like some like, you know, like one of those like health podcasts, where it's like everything's about mine, body and soul, and you've got to take care of yourself spiritually because like, no one's going to do that for you. And like training has a place and it's good to give my souls, but you've really got to just like nurture the soul. Fuck that, fuck the soul. Quote me. JK, here's the real talk though. If only your concern is to treat yourself like a machine, to become the best athlete that you can be, to become the best hypertrophy person that you can be using our hypertrophy app, shameless plug, Lincoln bio, a Lincoln description. If that's your only goal and you're mentally strong, you don't need mental health advice from went of culture or whatever, no disrespect, the relaxing for an hour every day is one of the ingredients of that purely athlete-centered physiological approach. When they ran training camps in Bulgaria on a whole crap load of the rest of the Soviet Union, when they made weight lifters as good as possible for the glory of communism, turns out not to be so glorious, these were communist people in charge of a weightlifting team. They're care about human rights with negative, they think disdain for human rights. When they had their lifters out in training camps, the lifters trained hard twice a day. The rest of the day was spent in as much physical and psychological relaxation as possible. Why? They should have just had a lift weights and then do a clerical work or do a work camp or some shit like that communism while farming together. They didn't because they realized the physical element was going to interfere with training, but they also quickly realized the psychological element is going to interfere. If you can relax truly deeply, I think there's a term for it, non-sleep, deep rest, which I think stands as ASMR or something, I'm kidding, I'm getting out of here. If you can do an hour of that at least an hour, every day, it takes all the psychological fatigue and you're going to have some no matter how easy your life is and zaps it so far down that it creates the environment for you where now your physiological healing mechanisms have a crap load of breathing room to really work as well as they could. So this isn't just some hokey pokey, earthy, vucking guy as love, get a jam and hang it on your fucking neck to ward off bad spirits type of bullshit. This is real Soviet sport science, shit that works. So how do you relax? What are some tips on how to do that? Bucify no, I'm kidding. I got a couple things to say about that. One is the hour a day is a make belief number, but what I have found, many people have found is if you can dedicate an hour every day to truly deep relaxation, where you like fling off all your cares of the world, that can do a lot. Can two hours do more? Yeah, shit, yeah, can, but two hours risks another thing. One at risks me alienating the fuck out of you guys because you're like, I have kids in a day job of the fucker. Well, how am I supposed to two hours of what are you crazy? So it's just like advice you can't take and also some people including myself like two hours every day of relaxation got you that's a lot. Like after an hour and a half I'm like, I could be doing more work. Like I can't relax for that long. Sometimes I can sometimes I can. Sometimes I can. Many of you is like an hour a day is realistic for almost everyone and it's a wap or dose. It's enough to make a difference because like I've seen stuff on the internet, like make sure to take at least 15 minutes a day for just for you like 15 minutes. That's as long as it takes me to to preload the tabs and pour an hub. I don't even get to touch myself yet. I'm kidding. Oh, Scott, what's the new thing? Pour an agarise evil and masturbation's terrible somehow. It's unclear. So an hour seems like a good thing and here's the first tip for how to do it. I would recommend in most cases not all. If you can, take that hour as the last thing you do before you begin your bedtime routine. That's for a few reasons. One, it is a very much easier to psychological relax if you know you have nothing ahead of you. Because if you know you have stuff to do later, like who the hell takes an hour at 3 p.m. and then gets back to work at 4 p.m. I don't know anyone that can do that. Some kind of robot, maybe he or Buddhist monk, but if I'm trying to relax between work sessions, like one of the crazy things to me and if you can do this is awesome, but like people who go out to lunch and take a two hour lunch at work and then come back and go to work. Like to fly on and they order a bunch of food and they relax. So we'd like drinks in the middle of the day at lunch. But oh my god, how could you just switch off? Like, I'm, I don't work. I take my lunch at my fucking desk and I have a desk in the office and this very home and which we're recording this that I will eat my food and do video review stuff and or I'll just sit at a kitchen table and eat my food while doing social media work and then just get right back into it. I can't relax in the middle of the day and many people can't. So if you take your relaxation at the end of the day, it greatly enhances the potential for you to be able to relax because you don't have anything to worry about because you go to sleep after. The second huge benefit of that is that you are able to get into a relaxed state and that potentiates your sleep ability because if you work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, and then you're like, oh it's 11pm. I got to go to sleep. You do your bedtime routine. You go to sleep. You're trying to sleep in your lane there. I got a spreadsheet charts, data streams, data streams. You forgot to turn on your brain machine interface or turn it off rather. It's tough to fall asleep and you can be wired and then also if you fall asleep, you dream about work and it's crazy shit. It doesn't feel restful. But if you take your hour is the last thing you do before you go to sleep. Then the probability if you just be in like, who saw a shit after that hour and then you go to sleep, you're like, oh, this is just an Ramadan. This makes sense. So you just two birds with one stone. Now you're taking an hour of relaxation or at least an hour and then you're also getting your, you're potentially eating really high quality sleep. That one to punch is something my wife and I do every single bucket. And as other, if work gets crazy sometimes, we generally just work till 11pm and go to sleep. That's pretty rare. Almost always we section off a little bit of time. At the end of the evening, we'll watch like one or two episodes of some stupid reality show or the Mandalorian, which is sok. I love that show. And that is our relaxation time. So that brings me to the sort of second part of the discussion is what should you do for relaxation time? What doesn't does not count? And the thing here is a rousal. Now I know what you're thinking you're already getting in the comments and seeing, oh well, Dr. Mike, a rousal, that's GR. That's GR. Not talk about that kind of rousal. The strict psychological term of the degree of psychological excitement that you have, the psychological profundity of your emotions. So you can have a high degree of arousal in the negative sense of your really, not the angry or you can have a high degree of arousal in the positive sense. We're like, this is amazing. Let's party. Woo. Or you can have a high degree of arousal in the other sense and I won't make those impressions because they're disturbing for me to make. It's the sexual arousal. You don't want to see my sexual arousal face. I assure you my psychiatrist is still recovering with his own psychiatrist after I showed him that face. He never asked me to show it. My parole officer says that's one of the many things I do to keep myself in the system. He says in any case, what you want to do is take that arousal and decrease it. So things that you can and should do. Let me tell you guys about the RP hypertrophy app with over 28 preset programs already in the app. You can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they were written by a person on this app programs everything for you. Exercises weights sets reps frequency, the whole thing. After every single workout on every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now you're pretty interested in the app, download the RP hypertrophy app today. First, compassionate touch, which means if you have someone to touch you physically that's not repulsed by your body. My wife signed a few contracts saying she's legally not, but in reality she hates this whole thing. Backrobes, headrobes, whatever hug just cut a lot of the couch with somebody. Anybody, a dog, a cat that actually does count by the way unless you make it sexual and then you need to go to jail. Compassionate touches a big deal because humans are wired to need some touching every now and again. It don't mean necessarily sexual. I mean literally compassionate like another human holds you and rubbs you or something like that. If it turns sexual, sweet, but don't turn that into a marathon rock star cocaine all night sex session. Do your business, keep it light and airy and then not or not, not whatever, get back to relaxing. You could probably do all that in 30 seconds. I'm kidding of course. It only takes 15. So compassion a touch totally works and or compassion a touch while doing other relaxing activities. Like for example, sitting on your porch and watching the sunset. The birds, the birds, oh my god. Listen to birds and shit watching the trees wave and the wind. Shit like that. Just sitting on your porch and neighborhood watching people go by like you know having a drink and hand and something just just wax. Watching TV, but the kind of TV matters. Don't watch thrillers or crazy, serial killer documentaries watch something light and just something that you can just switch the brain to low mode. Like my wife and I watch a lot of love island and shit like that like singles shows, they're hilarious. There is no thought required. As a matter of fact, the more thought I give to the show, the more hurts me to actually watch the show. So something that is relaxing, something you enjoy, maybe a reruns of signfeld or something that you've seen a trillion times. Scott the video guys, is that you there does not? Oh yeah. It works every time. So something nice and easy. You could read a book that is like a fantasy book that's relaxing. It's engaging but in a low key way, you can try chatting on the phone to friends and family in a way that does is doesn't arouse you, friends and family arousing in the psychological way of that doesn't get your heated. Anything that relaxes you as the TLDR and the reason I'm saying that is because there are other ways to engage in leisure activity. People think okay relax for an hour but they usually think relax means leisure activity and in that box of leisure activity that are things that are relaxing and things that are not relaxing. And some leisure activity is curious because you end up not feeling like you're at least at all. Here's one. If you get on social media, some people will spend just social media scrolling for an hour. I think a lot of people just scroll as a matter of habit and they get little dope means hits out of it. It doesn't really truly relax them. It's a really cool thing to pass the time if you're on an airplane and it's boarding and you have another 15 minutes and you're going to start working. Pull up your laptop so you're starting your phone. They're going through TikTok. You're like, Bitch with titties, Bitch with titties, Bitch with titties. Guy who's balancing in beer bottles had Bitch with titties. That's TikTok. It's why I'm not on any more. Give a flying fuck. JK, I'm on TikTok. I post on there. I do not watch TikTok anymore. It's like five minutes of TikTok ever. That's all I saw and I was like I'm out. If you read articles on social media or on your favorite blog, you read the comments and it pisses you off and you get in there and start debating people which is what I used to do. That's not relaxing. So nothing to piss you off. A lot of people will watch the news. The news is designed to piss you off. It is designed to around you because arousing news is something you're going to continue to do. So make sure that you're picking truly relaxing activities. There's a trillion of them to pick that are both physiologically and psychologically relaxed. Do that for least an hour, potentially even more. Every night of the week, at least weekends, whatever fucking do it every week, plus plenty of leisure time and week. But every work night, slash school night, my wife and I do that for an hour, it pays enormous, enormous dividends. You may find that any more than 45 minutes drive you crazy. You may find that you really benefit the most from two hours and here's the final thing I'll say. If you're super diligent about work, school, child care, everything at all your responsibilities, you organize your daily and weekly structure with to do lists and deadline and you're very, very on task when you're on task. You can crush out all of your responsibilities during the workday and save an hour or two for the evening to relax every evening. I've had a little bit of success in my life at various things and I've talked and been around lots and lots of successful people. Very few of them are grinding every single day all day long, potentially none in the long term and almost all of them have a really good balance of work life. The thing is a work life balance doesn't mean you work for three hours a day and you go for 16 hours. It means that you work as hard as you can up until your work is no longer productive in the long sustainable term and then you schedule it as much relaxing time as it takes to bring down a ton of that fatigue. And if you're training really hard and you care about your results and you're really care in the sense that you're willing to shift life priorities a little bit for it then you have to take all their stuff that you do per day, squish it down a tiny little bit. That doesn't mean to do it faster, that probably means take out some unimportant shit that you shouldn't be doing and that of the time is less. It's meant a little bit more time in the evening relaxing and that will refresh you and recharge your battery so well that by the end of the week you're not going to feel devastated and just completely out of it. You're training sucks and everything sucks and you're sleep sucks. You're going to feel a little bit tired but pleasantly you're going to be like, I was really great week and I don't feel totally devastated. Then after the weekend you can feel totally recharge and almost totally in a good rush another amazing week of work and another amazing week of training and things are really good. Give some thought to what I said and let me know if you have any questions in the comments. I'll try to get to a few folks like subscribe. We have a member section which I give usually much more detail nerdy talks. We have a team for on-form come join us for that all this advice and videos and technique analysis and of course the RP hypertrophy app is a thing and you can use it to train with them. I built it myself these own two hands in the team of developers and it's awesome and I use it my training every day and I think it's the best training app in the world. So give it a shot. Link in description. See you guys next time.