One more jet, I'm gonna go a little higher. Here we go, contract this one hard. All the way. More Jared, more Jared, one more Jared. Oh, my f*** God. Ow. YouTube, what's up? I'm Dr. Mike for Renaissance Periodization. This is Jared, Father, I think Pro are explained his partial nudity shortly. This is our main man, Mr. Andy, who is an expert, newbie, assistant coach. When he reaches out to activate your muscles, electrodes come out, literally of his hands and you get shocked and parts of you feel terrible, but parts of you feel quite nice fill in the blanks. We are giving this a shot. We have another video on the channel explaining the upsides and positional downsides of such a device. I'll ramble about that in just a little bit where we're seeing if we can add a little bit of stimulus to Mr. Jared feathers back. He has trouble feeling his back. He has trouble connecting my muscle connection with those muscles the most out of his whole body. So we're gonna try to see if this can make a difference in anything really feed a little bit more. Andy's gonna be Mr. Torch's chamber guy doing the knob and making sure Jared feels all the right feelings. Andy, thank you for doing this. No problem. Is there an amount of money? I can pay you to hurt him. No, that's not. Take a look at what I've not. I'd be happy to do it for free. For free. Excellent. Let's hurt Jared. Oh, that was fast. Let's do it now. Just quick one. Yeah. Any area of your back that you want to specifically like any spot that you have trouble getting or activating or anything like that or you pretty good. Okay. Okay, where I just got to you said, okay, I'm gonna pad that up them too. So I'll get here and then I'll get all. I normally do two on the lats, two on the directors but since we're doing mainly you want to do that. Two lats, two directors. Okay, that's cool. Okay. Oh, yeah. Jared's not wearing underwear. I was waiting for this moment. I was open. It's always a crapshoot when I'm patting people off them. Like, are they wearing underwear and I pray to God they're not? All right. I never wear underwear, guys. Why do I have it? What is it? I'm just, I'm just taking, I'm just taking some weight out of the wires. Does it make sense? Yeah, so they're just not hanging. Yeah, it's cool. The key to being a great newbie practitioner is why your management. It's very underrated these days. Yeah, if anybody pisses me off, I can just really, really, really. Okay. Look at that Christmas tree coming out without even trying. Andy, stop it. I'm gonna get that shit on my ball. All right. All right. All right. The back workout today. First exercise is the LAT prayer, aka straight arm lap pull down. I'm gonna be doing sets of 10 to 20 reps here. Jarrod's technique is gonna be immaculate and hopefully the newbie can electro shock the muscles to get a little bit more stimulus to those LATs and muscles of the upper and middle back, then Jarrod could conventionally engage by himself. We'll see what Jarrod says. Hopefully some good stuff happens. Probably about four sets here. Let's get into it. Four. Three. Oh, yeah. Two. One more Jarrod, I'm gonna go a little higher. Here we go. Contractors, one hearts. All the way. More Jarrod, one more Jarrod. Yes. So beautiful. Hold, fuck. Oh my god, you feel it. That's not what I put it. Good stuff. I'm just touching. I know we make fun of touching the muscle. I'm only touching Jarrod just because without any body part, that's really lumpy. The back is so lumpy that normally I like to put a really tight compression t-shirt, that way you can just put the pads on and roll with it and not touch it. But where, you know, because we want to show how the back contracting with the pads. So since he has so many lumps in his back, the pads can get like scruncher. That's why I'm kind of, I'm not feeling the muscle. I'm just making sure the pads are all flat. All right. So what's the deal with these electric stim devices and training? It seems a little hokey and I totally agree it seems that way and it actually could be. But it might not. The electro stim devices are interesting because they allow a greater degree of muscle contraction to occur for any volitional stimulus that your brain and spinal cord send down. What does that mean? It could potentially, potentially, maybe, offer us theoretical advantages. One is because a lot of the stimulation for the muscle to contract, at least some of it, at least more of it, comes from the stim machine itself. We might be in a position where we can do the same amount of stimulus to the muscle, the same amount of muscle contraction, concentric, any centric with a smaller amount of central systemic nervous system drive, which means your systemic continuum, how tired you feel after trying really hard, might be lower for the same or greater amount of muscle stimulus. That's very interesting. There's another potential benefit. Where sometimes you feel like a cam doing lap hold downs, I really know what's going on back there. People are really well connected to their backs, can feel the muscles and even marginally activate some muscles more than others. For other folks like Jared, it's tough to feel the back, but maybe that stimulus independent of your own abilities can let you feel the muscles out and then submit your own central drive into it so that it basically enhances your mind muscle connection. Super open minded here today. Supply and I think it's starting to think it. 11. 12. Let's go. Beautiful. It's a good ride. It's a bad ride. Yeah, you'll probably notice the volume will have to turn it on. You're a more like, you're a four working sets will be like two or three for sure. Yeah. Watching him train people and training him. Using this machine, they actually significantly reduce the amount of total working sets they can do because they do have such a better mind muscle connection, but he's been so diligent with teaching people really good technique and I've helped Andy with his technique a whole bunch. I think his memory probably got cut in half after like I came in and he started to hook himself up the machine. I was like two sets on the lake press and have a crazy fucking quad pump just because of this. It's pretty cool. But you gotta have that already. I'm actually going to switch the polarity. So if you see we have black pads, black pads are the main pads are the strong and they send the strong and signal. But what I can do is I can switch the polarity, send the stronger signal to the red pads. You're still getting a signal to black pads. Say we're hitting the directors and I pad up just the directors on the red pads and we're doing a lad exercise with the back pads. Once we're focused on the directors, I can send a stronger signal to the directors just from switch the polarity to the red. So we're going to switch that up and you're going to feel it. It's not going to feel as comfortable but you'll feel the difference. Okay. He's not here for comfort man. Oh. I feel like I'm like actual shocks. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to try this guy. I'm ready to my tissue. I'm not going to shut up and lifting. I don't want to go. Mike, come from you. That's hysterical. Hey. You don't have a Jared. 10. 11. 12. Squeeze. Spread the drive the drive the drive the drive the drive the drive the drive. One more Jared bonus round. One more. Go. Yeah. Slow as if another. Yeah. People know like I'm like a fucking technique. Strictler. This feels like it's giving me something to work against. Honestly, I almost keep my technique even more strict. Huh. Which is. I know that's hard for me. Sorry. So fucking perfect. Half man, half amazing. So maybe we should take this for Mike's. For Mike's, she fucking lat pulled out. He'd really been fit. Three sets of lat prayers are done. Now it is time for some lat cold-ounce overhand grip. Jared is going to do sets of 10 to 20 again. Really focusing on a mind muscle connection. Tone of relative effort. Close the failure. And we'll see how it goes. Newly time. Great. What? Six. Twelve. Three. Three. Okay good. You get stuck really quick. This would be good for me too. Like, I have clients including yourself that use this. This is a good idea of just how much volume is taking a fucking slap to the face. That's why I really want to get a try, man. Obviously, I want to play more. Three sets here as well. It's going to be fucking done. Yeah. You're a good. Cool man. Go ahead. One. Two. Look and jack, Jared. Great. If you want to try a machine like this and you want to use it to its best possible advantage. First, you bring great technique to target the muscle. You try to maximize the mind muscle connection by feeling the muscle. Do it's thing. And you have to bring a ton of relative effort. Every set close to failure. Really crushing it and grinding it and trying hard. Why? Because if you don't have a lot of good technique, mind muscle connection and relative effort, these are all things that maximize muscle contraction through put anyway. But if you're going to take it easy on those things and then have the newbie make up the difference, then it's really doing work you could have done yourself. You want a 20 or 30,000 dollar machine like this to do is get you to that next level. Oh. Oh. Good stuff. Oh. What's back? No. No. No. No. No. No. Good. More. Oh. Beautiful. Oh. There you go. Well, to drop off. Yeah. God damn. Yeah. I literally have the biggest back moment for the red my six sets. Sounds like an endorsement. Music crazy. I think you're paid by big electric. Big Andy's been big Andy. I slipped my slipped them 500 bucks before the before we start filming. They can like back. Yeah. You're back now. Look at me. I'm a freak. Music. Last exercise is going to be three sets of machine rows for the machine. Oh. And this is going to get the whole back working. And we'll see what Jared has to say. So far he's thinking it's blown his back up. Huge pump. Maybe that is a little bit of the placebo effect. But maybe it's a little bit of the stem effect. Maybe it's a lot of it of both or either. Who knows what's going on? That's too rose. Shut up, Mike. But I think what he'll notice is. Like maybe like after the second session of this. All have a better connection. You'll get the. If you talk to Jarrah with no Kiara just told me about that. Jarrah was like now she doesn't use it anymore because she's during perhaps. I couldn't really get that connection with my lats. But we did four workouts back to back. And she's like my connection is night and day. Yeah, because you can learn the stuff for later. Taking the ones here and putting them on my records this smart. You put it on your fucking bicep, dude. All the time. You're a animal. I would never do that. Why? Why? Why? Why? You don't like that. I think the arms and the quads and the calves are the best calves. Well, yep. Yeah, hit the bottom and out. 13. It's slowly centric there. 14. Milk it. Yes. 15. Good. 6. 4 left. 7. 18. 4. 18. Boom! One last one coming up. Big one. As if another. Big stretch. Shit, yeah. Oh, my fucking god. Oh. Oh. 14. 14. 15. 16. Yes. We think two more. 7. Big slow. Hell, yes. All the way. Draw it. Yes. Yes. Beautiful. Damn. Train them with Bob's and Ben Jean today. Good shit. Good shit. Good shit. He says he thinks I'm good. Oh, you got another set. Look at how tiny his back is. I can really tell you. Actually, look at really huge right now. TVH. You got one more set. Very good to go. Oh, he's got some laughing. We too. A one mess of cycle. Yeah. This is more like 12 sets. Yeah. But you'll go back to training your back without the machine later and we all. Right as rain. 11. Four more. 12. 13. 14. Two more Jared finish up strong. Fuck yeah. All right, folks. That's the workout and he thank you so much for helping Jared out and throwing me. Jared, where are you thinking? Uh, I don't know. The biggest back one for the other half. Probably not a joke. And the recent memory for sure. Um, haven't helped us with like my muscle connection. Big time. Uh, push a lot of metabolites just because this stimulus is constantly going through the muscle. Uh, I might use it every now and again, honestly. Uh, I won't say that to. Put too much confidence based on one session, but this is definitely. Fucking crazy. So the verdict is worth a try. Worth a try. Absolutely. Yeah. There you go. All right. Folks, if you're in the Las Vegas area, and the 100% does train people with this thing. And, uh, if you tip of an extra $100, it doesn't have to go on your muscles. And that's the last thing I'll say. Yeah. I'll see you guys later. Thank you.