Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pre-Dization, and today's video I'm going to weigh in on a bit of fitness controversy that's kind of happening in the social media space, and that is weight loss drugs versus lifestyle choices. And I think this is a false controversy. I think it is a false dichotomy, and I'll be very clear about this in nine points. Let's get to the point. So here's the thing to set this up. There is a new generation of weight loss drugs out on the market FDA proved more and more people are using them. They are GLP1 and GIP agonists. These are gut hormone gut peptides. And these drugs with the most famous of which, just the first really effective one is known as OZEMPIC, aka semagletide. There's also a trazapatide, and it's coming out with all kinds of new drugs on the horizon. And what these drugs do is they do a few things, actually very good for your health in general, and seemingly from all the research we have and all the inference from my pathways they activate and how. And but their biggest thing is so small stuff is they improve insulin sensitivity and also other stuff. But their big major beneficial effect is that they absolutely crush appetite. Now to be more technically correct, they have a very powerful dose-dependent effect on appetite. So if you take very little amount of the drug, you get a slight reduction in appetite. Well, that's okay, whatever. If you take much more of the drugs, you can take enough of the drugs in a safe and healthy manner. This has been tested over and over on large groups of people. Even huge doses of the drug relative to how much they crush hunger are totally safe. And that's the thing is when I say huge doses, it's a very small amount of actual stuff. And it can make your appetite basically just go away. We don't want appetite to go away because we still want people eating food. But as you can imagine, if we tight-rate the drug appropriately in a particular patient that's taking it, we can kind of set their hunger levels at gee anything we want. So if you're normal hunger level, as you're consuming 4,000 calories a day and thus you're overweight and in bad shape, we can give you just enough drug to get you down to 2,000 or 2,500 calories. And over a long time, you will lose lots of weight and then just stay there. If you continue to take the drug, it seems they think negative feedback loops from the research routines so far are minimal if non-existent, perhaps so thus if you continue to take what's the same milligrams of the Zempek every week, you'd that same milligrams of every week for a year and a half at least. There are other drugs that do this in a different category of drugs altogether, more than a single one. So maybe the first neurologically enhancing drug you could say the first drug ever to some extent. It's used mostly to keep people awake for various things but it also seems to be a cognitive and answer. But, definitely doesn't seem to have a negative feedback. You just take it to get the same effect. Take it one day, take the first time you take it in the 500th time you take it and gives you the same identical effects, which is really cool. So these drugs are really neat and that they do this. Now, more and more people have been taking them and some people in the fitness industry have brought up what they think is a problem and they basically saying, you know, if you give people this drug, it takes the owner's off of them changing their fitness and health habits. For example, there are, you know, propensity to make better food choices and you're just masking the problem. It's like drugging away the underlying problem. And there is a lot to say about that. A lot to say about that and I'll kind of put forward my thesis in nine separate points and please let me know in the comments what you guys think and if you find the points contentious, please let me know on what, um, in fredgeular evidentiary grounds you find the contentious. And we'll get to chatting in the comments about who's marginally more correct or incorrect. All right. So here we go. So point number one, it is absolutely true. I do agree. That the drugs do not get you directly to eat healthier. They definitely get you eat less, but eating healthy is still something people should try to do and something we should in the fitness industry advocate for our clients and our followers, and et cetera, to do as well. Okay. So yes, absolutely. I don't agree with just taking a pill and saying, hey, the pill solved at all, because the pill didn't solve it off. Now, what did the pill solve? There's actually two situations here, two issues, two problems, not one. One problem is people eat too much and two is people eat also unhealthy. So there's their amount of food ate and then what it is that can post is that food. Two separate problems. They're interrelated problems, but nonetheless, they can be bifurcated into two separate problems. And modern weight loss drugs and in the future more and more and more and more effectively and for less money, if essentially knocked out problem number one, like how much you eat is a pharmacologically now solved problem, which is crazy to say, I can't believe it's 2020. I guess I can believe it's 2023 and I'm saying this. We live in the straight up future, but like that's a big deal. Now, that's nothing we've been ever able to say in the weight loss and obesity space. Okay. So they give you as long as you respond well to drugs, almost everyone does, especially with the doctor, titrates it and you are honest about your responses, most people can take the drug and just get about to the level of hunger that they want. Okay. It's a very similar effect of blood pressure drugs as far as the landscape of effects. Like you doesn't matter what kind of blood pressure you have. You can take it a small amount of blood pressure drugs in a modern amount of blood pressure drugs, especially combined therapy will absolutely get your blood pressure as low as you want, even low enough to kill you. Okay. And the same thing actually for bone or pills. Like if your penis is medically capable of getting blood to it, bone or pills, absolutely will get you an erection. Okay. So actually, something I read several years ago, I was doing a research, you know what I'm saying? Well, everybody could use low enhancement. You feel me for them for those whiskey nights. And literally a sentence like by some, you know, a credited body that was like a racked out of function is a pharmacologically solved problem. Anyone healthy enough to be having sex can absolutely get an erection. And I was like, oh, shit, I didn't know that was strong. Then, you know, I'm saying quarter of a Viagra tab and I'm like, oh, shit, I've got a hospital after this. Yes. They're just kidding, but you know, some clothes are there. So in a later, this model will go away. In any case, I digress. That's where we're at with this new generation of drugs that appetite and essentially what kind of hunger level your experience. So now, hunger level is something we can modulate entirely through pharmacology. However, that's part one and that's part one of hunger and how much you eat that part just got knocked out. It's solved. So one of the big things I want to try to get across to you guys and many who probably already agree with those that don't, I would love to consider this. It's a fucking win. Let's take the win. If you imagine the fight against obesity in some case to be an aligus to a battle of two enemy armies, no, ozempic and all these drugs are like ultra slick stealth bombers that just go in and like crush enemy supply lines without getting shot down. The at what point will you be like, yeah, man, but what's left over for the infantrymen? Like motherfucker, he's got plenty of problems by himself. Right? And the infantrymen does still have a problem of fighting, you know, in close quarters combat, which the bombers can't differentiate between finder foe ostensibly. Similarly, we have the capacity to crush the calorie problem. People in too much, that problem can just be gone. If you take the appropriate dose of one of these new generation drugs and we still have that problem left of health to eat it. So we'll take the win on one of the problems, see what problem is left of. Now, to the point of the fitness industry, people that have a problem with these weight loss drugs, wood choosing better foods, healthier foods knock out some of helping you be healthier with your food choices. Yes, all of that, but also healthier foods generally are less calorie dense and more filling for longer. So actually would allow you to deal with part of that problem as well. Absorption for a can loot, 100%. But point four consider this, if we already got people huge pharmacological help to control their cravings and hunger, and they can now eat less than eat the appropriate amount to get to the body weight they want to get. Their remaining problem is that they should also be eating healthier for the marginal, but yet substantial health benefits of whatever food you eat, eat healthier within that range for the most part, 75% healthy food, 25% whatever fun junk you want, generally kind of the consensus of what is a good idea. Because you've opened up so much bandwidth from not having a worry about how much to eat because that's automatically regulated now, you have more, you can be more successful, put in the same amount of mental bandwidth towards making healthier choice. That's a good thing. And then you, if you are a kind of person that makes healthy choices really well, you can get even leaner and weight even less if you want that sort of thing and do it with less drug and less money. Now, the drug is actually good for your health. It seems to be a net positive for health even for people who don't have a weight condition because it's insulin sensitizer and things like that. So we don't have to be worried about like, well, I want to get off the drug eventually. Like people do with blood pressure drugs, by the way, blood pressure drug are also essentially neutral for your health. Once they reduce blood pressure, not bad for anything else. So it is a myth to try to get off of drugs that are not bad for your health and be like, well, finally, I'm off the drug. Like, give the shit, do you get not food next and get enough water? Get out of here. Like, it's totally fine to take this in perpetuity as the benefits are enormous and the costs are, well, pretty much just the financial cost of the drug, which at this point of the recording this video is quite high, but inevitably, 99% certainty, the drug cost is going to come down like by orders of magnitude and that it'll just be liquidously available to everyone. When people say some things, they seem to not really think through them much when they say them, I'm guilty of this at least 99% of the time. Maybe the following thing will be evidence of that, but when people say, well, if you make it easier for people to like not have to eat healthy, they just won't. And hold on a sec. If we gave everyone a genetic boost and turned everyone's genetics, muscle building and fat burning wise, into like top 5% of Nigerians, look it up. Would most people just stop that are currently involved in lifting weights and tracking their diets, would most people just stop doing that? I don't think so. Here's how this looks. Some people absolutely would stop because they're like, finally, you can just be have abs and cool muscle belly isn't never do anything. Great. First of all, how's that bad? Second of all, a lot of people who now don't have to struggle on the gym for weeks and months and end to get fucking basically almost no results, there's millions and millions of people like that. They get super boosted into, hey, now you can get great results. Like everyone else, like you've always wanted. It's going to fill the gyms with addicts that I want to take their physique to the next next level. People always want to be more jacked and leaner. And if you give them great genetics to begin with, they're going to get in the gym and mess it up. Maybe the average will shift one way or the other, but you're not going to destroy the gym industry by giving people better genetics. Did anabolic steroids reduce the number of people who went to the gym because they're like, fuck it, I'll just take steroids or did it increase it. Give that some thought for a second. So I don't think it's very likely to be true that if you empower people to get rid of this problem of how much they eat, that they will have any less incentive to become healthier. Because right now, that hunger and cravings is so burdensome, they can't handle the problem. And if they have the hunger and cravings completely pharmacologically zeroed out, they might be like, oh my god, fitness is something I can realistically attain. I can now be £150. Here's another thing. There's a shit load of fat people to don't even go to the gym because they can't control the crunger and cravings. They're going to be fat. They don't even, they're so out of the range of realistically thinking they've ever looked like they could be £150 instead of £250, then even bother. All of those people get zapped right in after a few years of taking these drugs into a realistic bodyweight range with it like, whoa shit, now that I've got the weight loss thing down, I'm going to go to the gym and get fucking chiseled, get a little beefier and in combination with my never again having excessive cravings, I'm going to be in the best shape of my life. My hypothesis these drugs will probably empower more people to become fitness industry contributors and look at the rest of their lives rather than fewer. Now, point number five, the report is, but it teaches people to just take a pill and never address the fundamental problem. But my contention here is that there are actually two fundamental problems. First problem is people eat like shit. They choose poor quality foods, very junky foods. That's bad. This does not attend to that problem. Taking those NPIC will not fix that problem. I don't. Problem two is people are very hungry. In any given food environment, specifically ones in the modern free market wealthy economies. The United States, Western Europe, much of Asia, there's just a lot of really amazing tasty food out that's super convenient to eat and it costs very little and people love to eat amazing convenient food that costs very little and they do a lot of it. And thus the hunger levels versus the availability of food in society are totally off balance and people gain weight. The modern weight loss drugs can solve that problem number two, leaving us only with problem number one. We just have one problem now. It's point number six. We zapped away a whole problem of people eating too much, which is incredible. Now a great thing is, before here's an unbelievable benefit, before people who genetically had higher appetites, for their environment, which they're living, their weight three hundred pounds and if they wanted to weigh to twenty, they were going to have to eat very clean, very low-pellitability, very healthy foods, almost all the time because if they went to eating high-pellitability foods, they would even be miserable and starving or just start gaining weight if they had as much as what they wanted. The weight loss drugs we're talking about here can fix that second problem entirely. And more people who are overweight can now live more like normal. You guys see skinny people going to sushi place and just ordering whatever they want. And they took two rolls and I thought, oh my god, I'm so full. Overweight people, previously overweight people, can be like that. Wouldn't we want overweight people to be able to lose weight and still enjoy all of the fun foods they always wanted versus having to eat like a machine the rest of their lives, which is the case now. That I would give a lot of thought. Point number seven, there is a chance that people become emboldened by the weight loss from appetite regulation, or down regulation rather, and they have more bandwidth to focus on healthier eating. It's really, really hard to lose weight and to restrict your calories and to worry about that stuff, but if you don't have to worry about calories at all with proper hunger signaling, you don't, then you can go out and eat healthy. You're like, you can go to Whole Foods. There's some stupid store that's giant rip off, kidding Whole Foods. You're great. Sort of. And you can just pick healthy choice squash and fuck and spaghetti squash and grilled squash. That's healthy, right? That I would like fruits and grains and lean meats and tons of veggies and cool sauces to put on that stuff. It's a super healthy meal, but you don't have to cut the calories anymore. You don't have to worry about the calories. You're still kind of if you want, but you're going to stop eating intuitively with the help of the drug. Whatever you eat enough that the drugs like noth ham, and it's just you have a lower hunger signal, so you naturally stop eating most of your food in such a way that keeps you at 150 pounds for forever. If we solve that problem, people can now be free to just have more bandwidth than be empowered to try healthy. When some people have such an insane appetite to them eating healthy all the time is just by definition, because it is a little stuff fucking around. Healthy food does not taste as good as fucking junk food. There's a reason is I actually have this to be with a few people who I consider just thinking on the margins, so to speak, nominal thinkers. Like, you don't beat fucking candy bars because everyone fucking wants them. They're the best. Chips taste better. Period. Then everything. I'm going to give a fuck to you. We're some rich motherfucker. They're going to have you throw a trophy for eyes. The fuck out of my face. Freedom of laser, maybe I'm kidding. Trophil fries are great, but they're also fucking junk food. Because it's so hard to eat clean all the time, we can have people not have to worry about that. Now they can be more flexible to eat healthy when they want, when they should, and also to eat less healthy when they feel like it and it's not going to affect their body weight because the drugs have solved this problem. Now, last report here is people finally get to it, and they go, but what about willpower? Like shouldn't people be flexing their willpower? Shouldn't you have to earn your results? And I do absolutely have thoughts on that. First, the idea that the prime differentiator between fatter people and skinnier people is a willpower is bullshit. Now don't worry, I'm not going to go jump off the S.J.W. Hill or Cliff right now. Willpower is absolutely one of the factors that determines who is grotesquely overfat and who is in great shape. People in great shape on average have higher willpower, but hold on a second. That means that some people who are in great shape have to struggle, use their will to try to make sure they're eating their right amounts because if they just go with what they feel like, they're going to get much fatter and be out of shape. Okay, but I just said the willpower thing was both potent, but not the biggest factor. What is the biggest factor? Probably by a nine to one margin if I had to guess. The biggest factor that separates skinnier people from bigger people is just their hunger signaling, which is genetic straight up. Within a given environment, given food environment, you can go with this research if you like. Adult body mass index, which is a very good proxy for how big you are and you can only get to that size by some combination of activity eating, activity is relatively normal throughout the population, so it's most the eating, BMI for adults in a stable environment is something like close to 90% explained by genetic herobility studies. Genetics, you just eat more, you like food better, you fill up some combination of those things and that you just fill up faster. If you watch skinny people, how they eat, they love food too, sometimes. Some of them are just like, my food's a bad. But some of them love food and they're going to love the sushi place. Let's go. You know, okay, we're going to watch this, you eat 80 rolls, they went in a half rolls and they're going to go out and stuff and fucking kidding. How genetics, they did not most skinny people did not get skinny or stay skinny and most skinny people have always been skinny because of that mass of genetic influence. They did not do it through willpower. Some of them did, most of them did not, it is a fallacy in a huge one, drink that the only thing that separates really fat people and skinny people is again, that people just have to fuck one and more just fucking willpower. It's fucking pathetic. Like, word up, there is something to that. Rest of the thing to that is straight up genetics. You just inherited that shit. So if we take those people that did not get the lucky card genetically and through a cheap, once weekly administered pharmacology that makes their health otherwise better as well, essentially make their expressed phenotype, genetics plus whatever else is going on. To be roughly the same as that of a skinny person, to get their hunger signaling to be basically the same, to get their amount of food that requires them to get full roughly the same, to get their cravings roughly the same. Then all of those fat or people who had all the same willpower is the skinny, but just got overwhelmed by this title wave of hunger. Now they can flex that willpower and get even leaner if they want or take less drug and get the same amount of lean, but it gets better and watch this. Watch how. Those people that don't have to use their willpower anymore and appetite issues. You guys have died before it takes a shit load of effort to die. It's absolutely effort from the rest of your life. Instead of having to use their willpower bandwidth on eating less, those people can use it on eating healthier. How about this? Even better. They can use it to make to become better people further kids to look up to. They can become better at their jobs. They can pick up an extra thing of trash and put them in garbage to keep our beautiful society even cleaner. They just can do other better stuff with it versus needlessly pissing it away on resisting food intake because the drug now does that for you. And here's the really big deal. You may think understandably that that's a problem because what if everything was a fucking drug? Like everyone takes drugs for various things for society and then we all get fucking soft bullshit and here's why. Obesity and the hunger that leads to it is a problem. If we take that problem and pharmacologically remove it from our problem and set our problem space in the universe, it's just not a problem we would solve. Are we lacking problems to solve? Has anyone of you ever lost a relative to cancer? Why is it cancer cured yet? Are there enough people working on the cancer problem? What if we had robots taking care of all of our physical duties like taking out the trash, etc? Were they be a problem for us because we no longer have the willpower to take out the trash? Or could we spend more time doing shit like drumroll, curing fucking cancer or anything else? So as we automate and pharmacology and genetic engineering and nanotack and insane AI powered computing, we have this problem space of all of our problems in the world. As they solve them and put them into the solve problem pile, there is no shortage of leftover problems. And if you think this all the way through as all of our technological advances, filter through and solve, solve, solve, solve, solve. First of all, we just less problems. I kind of want to live in that world, don't you? And second of all, if we actually run out of problems to solve, we live in literal paradise. I don't want to spit in the face of insanely net positive solutions like drugs that reduce the appetite problem all the way. There is absolutely something to keeping whoever in society wants at least at the edge of that blade. A diversity is fucking good for you. I'm all with Nietzsche, whoever the fuck said that should, now Jordan Peterson. I guess. I'm not interested in a fucking SJW world or everyone's a fucking pussy and nobody ever has a versity and they're like, oh my god, my feelings. 100%. I feel you guys on that. There is no fucking shortage of adversity. And if you mother fuckers feel like you have two few problems because you take enough drugs and all your problems are gone up. I don't have to worry about what I eat anymore. I'm super healthy and I'm lived till 100. Go solve other problems. Go to the inner city and clean the fucking help clean the streets. Do whatever take care of your kids better. There's always more problem. And again, if you're really worried that we'll run out of problems eventually, tell yourself that in your head more time. Your concern, I don't even know my kid about him just getting passionate, is that we're going to run out of problems? Oh my fucking god, can you imagine? You just have no problems. That means you have a genie, essentially that grants you everywhere you could have. Pray to fucking god that we get there eventually. And if this ozempake and that class of drugs is one tiny step of the way there, I'm 100%. Right? Here's the thing. Point number nine, two that effect. It is probably a good idea to work to make everything easier or completely solved. Then we can go solve the next thing and the next thing and the next thing. Yes, because you have a car that means you don't know how to stable and train and take care of a horse. But instead, you could have a job that trains large language models to solve every other fucking problem we have. It's a matter of perspective and it's a matter of understanding that just because you get rid of one challenge doesn't mean that you are now soft pussy who's never going to get challenged and there's going to be a way and just spend more time in mom's basement. Uh-huh. But you could always do that. But you could have always done that. We've had a standard of living since the 1950s in the United States. We're pretty much everyone could get their food and basic medical care and a place to live on minimum work per week. And so like anything you do now is bonus points anyway. So if now you have less of a problem of people having hunger, don't you or yes, that problem is no longer an instrument by which people can improve themselves. It is not an instrument and which they can flex and make their willpower better because it doesn't exist anymore. It's taking the drug and it's fucking done. Lots of problems left over for us to fucking get into and try to solve and really improve our willpower and our internal value as people because a big part of having um self-actualization and being really at peace with yourself is being able to work on making yourself better and regularly challenging yourself. And again, we have a shitload of problems left over. Bucking, world hunger, world peace, all that shit, mortality, aging, could be solving aging in the next 20 years. Think about that. I'd rather people spend time solving aging, then spend time looking at macros and being like shit, I'm eating too much. I'm fat. Anyway, how's that for a rant? All right guys, thank you so much. See you in the comments, like, subscribe, etc. And uh yeah, fuck I'll throw this out. If you guys how many of you were interested in hearing me rant more about life and philosophy and global politics of shit? Just tell me I'm stupid and none of it be head. But if you want to hear more about it tell me in the comments. Anyway, see you guys later.