Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Welcome, welcome, welcome. If you're a returning customer, welcome back. If you're a new viewer, I apologize in advance for my current language. Increasing your squat. We have some simple tips. There are more advanced tips that will come out in a later video, but just to keep it simple, increasing your squat can be a matter of, apparently, I wrote down seven things. So here we go. First, and this is a big one. And a lot of these will apply to beginners in your media. If you're advanced in your watching this, I think in a week or so, we should probably have a video right up your alley. One is standardized your technique. You want to find a strong comfortable technique, a solid walk out where you know exactly how many steps you're taking, and you want to replicate it on all of your warm-up lift, and on your actual working sets. The reason I say this is a lot of folks have told me in the past that came my squat, as having some trouble. I watched them squat, and kind of every rap looks a little different. Not a little different, like, enough different to where I'm like, oh, you mean this mistake on this right? And that mistake on that right? Every set looks different. If you can't get a standardized good technique, you can't even intellectually approach the problem with a strong with your squat, because what's wrong with your squat is this, the stochastic matrix that changes all the time. If you standardized a technique, you will allow your nervous system to start to replicate the same technique, and your nervous system is incredibly powerful at learning. And when it learns better, how to do a movement, it becomes vastly more efficient at that movement. You're practicing how you play all of a sudden, practice makes perfect, right? And you start playing better. So, standardizing your technique, to anything that's remotely good, sticking with that for a few weeks, because like some people walk out of the squat out, sometimes they'll be narrow stance, sometimes midstand, sometimes wide. And what the hell is going on here? Standardize that technique, practice that standard, your squat will improve if that's your issue. Number two, a lot of people will do lots of maximum work, sets of one, sets of two, a lot of max effort, stuff. Oh, my computer just says Lenovo says congrats on your new device. Get started. Well, fuck I am started. I'm literally giving up. I'm not work. Fuck. When I was sending this new computer up, by the way, my computer costs $400. How boilers that? Unbelievable. Time-reliven. When I was sending up my computer yesterday, like literally clicked, like, what do you use it for? It's like gaming, porn, whatever, and I clicked the business one, and now it's like literally kicking dicks out of my mouth that work. Unbelievable. A lot of people do max effort, stuff, singles and stuff. And that's cool to show off, and it really teaches you how to do singles really well. But after a while, it's not sufficiently volumeless. It's not enough practice at the movement for your muscles to grow very much, or for your nervous system to get very good. On the other hand, some folks do higher repetitions. That's a five to ten. Great for building muscle and sets of ten to 15. Sometimes even better for building muscle. They don't convert as well to what we import science called basic strengths. Just fundamental, fucking core, brutal strength. The way you get that is sets of three to six. So if you want your one rep max of squats to go up within the next few weeks, do plenty of singles and stuff like that. That always works great. But if you want your squat to really go up a lot, or a little bit of an investment in the next several months, sets of three to six, or where it's at, focus on those. Next, number three, squat more often. A lot of folks wonder why their squat won't come up with a train squats one day a week. The thing is, this comedy from any other sport perspective. Pick any sport, just think of a sport in your mind right now. It's volleyball isn't it? Fucking perverts. Men's volleyball. That's what I was thinking of. In any case, how many volleyball players practice volleyball once a week? Right? That's not even recreational volleyball. That's something you do on occasion. These are complex movement patterns, and they take a lot of practice. Squatting isn't exactly a complex movement pattern, but it's sufficiently complex that. Practicing it more than once a week yields marginal return on your investment. I say marginal because it's not going to revolutionize your squat. You know, you go from squatting three hundred pounds for a max, just squatting six hundred pounds for a max. Just from adding another one session week or frequency, but it will make a notable difference in most cases. Should it be too hard squat workouts a week? Maybe, but if you're doing one, I would say go to two. If you're doing two, I'd say go to three. Three plus, like four or five six, there's a big fatigue trade off. It's not super clear what's happening there, but certainly don't just squat once a week if you want your best squat. If you're squatting twice a week, and it's really beating you up already, and you don't think you can add another session. What you can do is take the volume of each workout, reduce it, take it for Monday and Thursday, move that one session to Wednesday, Monday Wednesday, but with a lower volume so you can recover between the days. And then Friday, you think, I have this too much for me to be squatting, having no worries. Put 50% of the normal weight you do, do just a few sets of triples with that lightweight for technique. And that extra neural learning will meet your squat goes up and up and up over the weeks while your fatigue is managed. Give that a shot. Number four, doing the right accessories. A lot of guys will squat super hard. Good stuff. Then there are accessories as like, I do leg extensions for three sets of 10 with a cigarette my mouth is barely even trying. The gym managers like sir, you can actually smoke in here like, oh it's will Smith then I don't light it for the look or just bite it. How many of you see? Scott the video guys, all the shit. So he caught that reference he's giggling like a little fan girl over there. Who doesn't love will Smith raise your hand? He'll slap you, careful, in any case. The real accessories that work best are not their extensions. They're a great choice. They're unoption but consider this. All tra-deep hack squats with a pause. All tra-deep leg presses with a pause. Front squats sometimes. High bar squats with your knees shooting real far forward heels on the ground. Nero stands brutal. That's the kind of accessory work that can really make a big impact. Give that a shot in the context of maintaining your weekly volume so that you don't overdo it. That might help a ton. All right. Number five. Sometimes it's your quads that limit your squat and I would say even often. But sometimes your knee extension ability your quads are strong enough. But you end up cantilevering over on your way up and your back or your glutes or hamstrings are insufficiently strong. And you can't maintain that tight dare I say erect posture. It's actually what it's called. How sports science always making us say the darn this things. That's a problem because if you fold over in your squat it doesn't really f***ing matter. How strong your quads are because they don't judge the squat like they judge a good morning. However, if you do some good mornings, if you do some stiff leg and deadlift, if you do some even deadlift, your posterior chain can become so strong. It is no longer the limiting factor and then you posterior chain once strong enough. Essentially turns all of your squats into a leg press because the only little effect or as your quads. And if you already have strong quads and you increase the strength of your posterior chain, your squat can shoot up like a gull wild. Give that a shot. If that's your problem, that might be a really awesome solution and we'll quite rapidly elevate your squat. Another one. Number six. Take an opinion out of Mr. Louis Simmons's book. Much as it pains me to say that. Take a total respect. If you're squatting a lot and often at all the time and your squat has been going up and then it's stalled out, it might be that the movement has become a stale. Anytime you repeat something way, way, way too much, your body just gets tired of it and it won't increase that your abilities and that landscape anymore in that space. So what you can do is strategically remove squatting and then slowly begin to reintroduce it again. So if your squats really stale, like if your squats not going up much and you've been squatting a lot and you're looking at the squat rack and you're like, fuck this man, I don't want to be here anymore. Just kill me and God's like no problem, lightning. And you just absorb the shit. You're like, ah, ah, ah, ah, you lightning him back and he was like yo, when you're like yo, when you're like yo, when you're yo, when you're like, oh, oh, we were late in the years like, yeah, sup, sun. Technically we're all God's children. In any case, if that doesn't happen, here's what you can do. Take squats out of your program for like a whole month, even even two, forty weeks, your whole mesocycle, no squat at all. Hacks, squats, leg, press, good mornings, stiff leg and other. Leave all that good stuff in. Still training your legs, just not what squats. After a mesocycle of not squatting, it's not going to feel stale anymore. You're going to come back to squats. You're going to be excited to come back to squats. Thinkin' if you'll fresh. Here's a really cool thing. You're going to have an opportunity to relearn squat technique a little bit. And you might actually improve it. You may find that you're doing some weird things, just just a matter of habit, that you're fresh to it. You don't have to do them anymore. You start with one squat session in that first mesocycle back. And then you add another squat session, potentially even two squat sessions you're squatting three times a week. Again, like you were back in the day when it got stale. That entire reintroduction process could see you elevate beyond your old squat, that refresher, that getting away from it is all you need. Like sometimes after a long week of super productive work, your brain is fried. The he has like Friday at 4.59 pm. You're looking at your spreadsheet and you're like, and your boss is like, hey, I'm going to go crash my lamb, oh, into my wife. See you later, right? And you're like, oh shit, I'm at work still, right? You're not getting a whole lot done. Can I say crash into my wife? Your boss is crazy. I probably report him to the police. So if you've got too much work in the week, staying extra late that Friday night and just pouring coffee into your cup, and then the coffee's flowing over your hand and on the printer, no good. Go home weekend, tons of sleep, no work, relax, rest, recover, take a trip somewhere, come back, Monday, fresh, and a little rusty. Tuesday, you're back in the grind. When's day Thursday, you're innovating. Friday you've, you know, major on dropshipping company Saturday, your boss's boss. Entrepreneur, spelled wrong, uninstagram, your other fucking man or whoever you are. In any case, getting away from squats every now and again, a sweat idea. Last one, this one's kind of an over the shot, gain weight, gain weight. You could be at a place where you like four weighing 150 pounds, your squat is fucking pretty sweet. And you could continue for several months and actually many years to get a little bit stronger, right? But you're 150 pounds and you squat 350 for a max, like that's really impressed. But you want to squat for a five, like it's been a thing. Well, you know, you can squat for a five and like three or four years at one fifty, which would be awesome. Or you could squat at another three or four months if you just gain up to one sixty five. At the end of the day, the number one determinant of strength, which is why we have ray classes in sport, is the amount of contract I'll tissue you have, the amount of muscle. And if you're pretty lean at whatever body weight, you just can't put on much more muscle because how the fact does that work. If we put muscle on the body, but it doesn't weigh any more violates, at least a few laws of physics. So at some point, if you're pretty lean and pretty jacked and you want to get much stronger in your squat, you should bear relax. Right, Google Charlie Zhang, it'll all require you because you'll inevitably spell Charlie within E, but Charlie's parents are Korean, so they spell his name wrong. And look at his legs. He squat at 800 pounds raw. And look at his legs. And he can be like, what the hell is wrong with his quads? Why are they this big? Well, that's kind of what it takes to squat at 800, right? And if you want to squat something more than you squat now, kind of the most straightforward thing physiologically is to put on muscle mass. And the most straightforward way to do that is to gain weight. So yeah, you do up. Now here's the thing, when you're gaining weight, do a lot of sets of five to ten in the squat and an accessory work. Because that's a really good way for people interested in strength to gain muscle. It is enough volume, but it converts real well. And then after a few months of that, you've gained a ton of weight. You're sets of five to ten are skyrocketing in ability. Don't just go max out because your body's not ready for that shit. Again, it's not neurologically adapted for singles or even lower reps. After that, do a few months of mostly sets of three to six reps in the squat and whatever you want in the assistant boom, it's still be five to ten. After a few months of that, your squat will very likely be revolutionized and be way stronger. You're finally squat for a five. You'll finally look over after you rack the weight. And at one guy, I said it guy in the gym that you always just looked at and you were like one day. He's looking at you and he's like, I never thought anyone can squat that much weight at your delicious, tasty body weight. Dot, dot, dot hit the showers fellas. See you guys next time. See you guys next time.