Hey folks, Dr. Mike here with Renaissance Periodization, four Renaissance Periodization, and even buy Renaissance Periodization. Why not? Simple tips for increasing your bench. You want them, I think, because you're watching this video, and boy, do we have them? As a matter of fact, I think we have, seven of them. So what are they? These are super simple. There are more advanced questions that you can ask, which is why you'll hopefully be tuning in next week for our advanced periodization bench press improvement video. But nonetheless, I will say this. If you haven't checked the boxes on all these seven simple tips, I wouldn't even move into the advanced stuff. You could watch that video to get our algorithm going, get me more lamboes. But at the end of the day, the simple stuff is something you just have to work through before you get to advanced stuff, because first of all, it's easier to do. And also, it has a huge ability to move your bench a ton, whereas the advanced stuff moves it by a smaller margin. But the advanced stuff only works best if you're already advanced, and you really need it, otherwise the simple stuff works much better. Like, if you have a standing army, and then you need to be able to fight, getting each guy a gun is probably more important than how advanced your best bomber is. Yes, that. So kind of a simple situation there. So bench improvement tips on the simple end, here we go. Number one is to standardize your good technique. And there's two problems, potentially there. One, you don't know good technique. You don't know how to retract your shoulder blades and arch your back. If you need help on that, YouTube has like an infinity videos on bench press technique. Literally just find any two or three of them. All the points that these videos agree on, just right now, no, no, I can napkin and just do. And almost all of them are going to be a lat tucking, an elbow, flare, and all this other stuff. Find at least learn how to retract your shoulder blades, get your chest up, arch your back, and get proper position. So first, learn the right technique. And second of all, practice that good technique and make yourself technically mindful so that every repetition looks pretty much the same. Every set looks the same, every week looks the same, and then after a while, you're just really good at executing that movement pattern. Because a lot of people miss benches as beginners, because every rep and every lift look different. And sometimes they push their chest up, sometimes they're collapsed and they're shoulders are forward, and they're like, why didn't miss that bench? Well, motherfucker, you can't even diagnose the problem because your technique is different every time. If you drove to my house five different ways, and each one of them was on average 40 minutes long, but like some of them were an hour and a half, and some of them you got in in 20 minutes, you'd be like, what am I doing wrong? My first response would be like, you're taking whole bunch of ways that are clearly not optimal. At least start taking one way and we can move that way to where it's better or worse and get you going. Right, so same thing with bench, establishing good technique, I'll take you guys it's before, if I watch you bench in real life, if I spot you or something, I'm at some gym across America, the world you're like, doctor, am I? Can you spot me in a bench? Like, if my botlers don't push you away from me and blow smoking your face, then yes, the answer is yes. I spot you, if I watch you be inconsistent, rep to rep or set to set on your technique and you ask me like, dude, like I'm trying to get my bench up, or can I do best? This is legit the shit I'll tell you. It's like real talk, one-o-one. Like before your technique is not good and standardized, I've nothing else to tell you except for practice or technique, so it's good and then standardized. We're just to say it's good and you can consistently replicate that good technique. Next, simple tip is spend a lot of time in the three six rep range. A bunch of people who want a bigger bench press, do lots of one-art max tests with a bench dog, because that's fun, high school, one-o-one. And then they also do a lot of like flies and crossovers and bodybuilding work and high rep dumbbell presses. And they'll think, well yeah, like this one gets my muscles bigger, but the Brett Max tests to find big muscles or making my bench stronger. Sure, that's the case. The problem is there's not much training of the nervous system going on, training it in the heavy rep ranges with enough volume, so that it really gets the message of, you're learning how to push really hard. Because if you max test, it's more like showing off. It's not enough volume, it's not enough practice for you to train on. And your brain and spinal cord and all the performers, they don't get so good at recruiting your muscles to do the high force for low reps thing. The way to get them to do that is lots of sets of three to six repetitions. Like sets of five and shit like that. That's one of the reasons my starting strengths for beginners works so fucking well. By the fucker, you need lots of sets of five and shit like that. In order to practice lifting heavy weights for low enough reps to where you can still really practice your strength. That's how your strength goes up. It's not rocket science. Could you do lots of doubles and singles again? But then you'd have to do a crap load of them to get enough volume to really increase your strength. And if that volume, lots of singles and injury risk is a little high, your shoulders and elbows and stuff might start to give you trouble. Set's of three to six is that awesome, weighty build what's called basic strength and sports science. And a lot of people just don't spend a lot of time in that range because it's neither the fun part of showing off your bench, nor the fun part of getting big pumps. It's right in the middle of kind of boring, it's kind of painful, it kind of grines you, totally fucking shit will make you strong. So if your 100 max hasn't moved up in a while, regress back no more one ran access. And for a while, no more high reps, that's a 20-unfly's. Just lots of sets of three to six in the compound basics, especially bench press, holy fucking shit you're going to get strong. And to that point, number three recommendation is to press more often. Remember Dan Green had an article that shook this sort of powerlifting world back like maybe eight or ten years ago, and it was called Benchmore to Benchmore, and this a plan words, but it was like Benchmore often. To be able to bench press more weight. A Benchmore to Benchmore, if it was both on weight, is kind of not really appointed itself. And phenomenal article on phenomenal core concept there that many people have discovered since then for all the other lifts. The reason that was forgotten at the time was because equipped lifting was the dominant modality people did. Squatsuits and benchards. In an adventure, you can't do competition, mention all the time because it'll be you straight to shit. It'll rip your shirt into pieces. You'll need to new shirt every three weeks because it'll just lock it up. This is not something you do. But people came from the equipped side and started to train raw, and they did all the systems working, all the other stuff, and think Bench was going to go up, and it didn't go up much. But it turned out specificity is king, and for raw Benching, you can't actually bench press, that's a five, or in such a whatever, that you need, and you can do it multiple times a week without your shoulders and your elbows killing you. Equipped to heavy, to insane can't do, raw can do. And so instead of pressing one time a week, try pressing maybe twice a week. If you're already pressing twice a week, try pressing whether it be Benching itself, or just any kind of compound presses on machines, dumbbells, bench, and clients, etc. More compound heavy pressing makes you a better compound heavy presser. And if lots of that is Bench press itself, in many cases, you're just going to get better at Benching. You practice what you want to get good at, and you get good at it. And there's shocker, right? Specificity principle. What I don't want you guys to do is like bench one time a week, and they be confused as to why your bench isn't going up. Typically, if you do anything once a week in sport science, we consider you maintaining that as a maintenance program. So don't do that bench two or three times a week, and your bench will probably go up. Now, of course, you don't just take your one time a week workout and multiply it. You have to reduce the volumes to account for the fact that you should be recovered for every one of these workouts. So if you get utterly sore from eight sets of pressing, but you need to be healed in a day and a half, do like four sets of pressing, you'll get great high quality every workout. And the next time you go, you do another force that's a pressing amazing high quality workout, and it'll stronger a little stronger and it'll strong. Next is doing the right accessories. You can do wobble board shit. You can do lockout work shit, but that's all stuff from equipped lifting that either was stupid back then and should be done back then, or is good for equipped lifting, not great for all lifting. So the best kinds of accessories tend to be deep dumbbell flies, wide grip presses, close grip presses, jam, press the skull crushers, things that break down the various components of the bench press movement, being the high pecking vault went down here and the high tricep involvement here, and train those in their own way with their own limiting factors. If you managed to get ultra strong triceps from new high school crushers or ultra big triceps doing a skull crusher, get them ultra strong doing heavy jam presses and heavy close grip benches. If you're triceps are limiting factor, once you go back to your competition bench press where it's off the chest, your lockouts are going to be like, never were and you're going to bench more, plain and simple. And the opposite is the case for chest, which brings me to my next point, point number five, strengthen your chest. Yes, strengthen your triceps will make you benchmark. But TBH in the raw bench press, the chest tends to be the biggest limiting factor in my experience as a coach, as a person who watches powerlifting meets from the corner, usually in a trench coat, not always in my weary end anything under that trench coat? No, it would be too hot. Of course I'm not wearing anything in any case. That was I talking about chest for the bench press, raw, is in many ways like quads are to raw squatting. In equipment it's different. But in raw squatting, quads are it. They're like 70% of the relationship between how much you squat and what size and strength your various muscles are. If you have big strong fucking quads, bro, with some simple fixes and just getting a decent posterior chain, your big squatter. Whereas on the other hand, if you have a narrowest strong posterior chain, but the little tiny quads raw squatting is going to be fucking hard. In the same way, you can have amazing super strong triceps, and you will be able to bench a lot. Nothing drives big benches like big pecs. And if you guys have ever seen the top raw bench pressers, physics, they're like fucking insane. Like Daniel's I'm on, I think this is his name. He's from Iran. He's benched over seven hundred a few times raw. I don't understand how he walks around or sleeps because his pecs like right here. RIP, Nick Winters from back in the day, benched over 700, 100, and I saw him in a real life. I didn't think it was a real person. I didn't make sense to me how someone's upper pecs could like come out like six inches this way and then drop down. It was nonsense. You'll see lots of articles, triceps are the key to benching. They're all outdated. They're all old. They're all from the equipment days. The way they get a bigger raw bench on average for the average person is to prioritize both chest and triceps to put a lot of chest work. So deep dumbbell flies. Right. There was a forget who his name was. He made his mic McDonald from back in the day. He was pressing, I think was a really stupid shirt that didn't do anything. So more or less raw, I think he weighed like just over 200 pounds and he was pressing over 600 raw. Because it was completely insane shit. And allegedly he could do the 100 pound dumbbells for deep strict flies for sets of 10. You can ever see someone do shit like that. What the fuck? I would walk into the gym and see that and be like, that's my cuter leave. I'm never coming back to the gym. This is clearly a place for people not like me. It is a place for gods. Right. And I'm just a little least sports scientist on my best days. Try be like that. Be like Mike. You're just like get me a yes pecs and then benching kind of takes care of itself. Right. So that's a huge recommendation. Deep dumbbell flies. Wide grip bench work with a pause. If you can get your hands on a camber bar, oh, I'll be beautiful. All right. All these things work or didn't, let's say they worked. But you can be in a position. And this is point number six. Where your body is just stale on benching. You're inventing three times a week for months and months and months. Your body just can't handle it. And much overreached specifically on the bench press as a lift. That happens. Right. You're stimulus to fatigue ratio for benches down here. But you're doing it all the time. Get away from benching. Make two or three muscles for yourself. We say I'm going to gain muscle for the bench. But it's going to be through everything about the bench press. Do some incline dumbbell stuff, do some machine presses, do some scholar crusher, do some flies, etc. Still hitting those muscles, chest, tri-subs, front, elton, etc. But no benching. When you come back to benching a few months later, it's going to feel alien and fucking weird. But if you're going to be refreshed like crazy. And then when you re assert your technique, you might be able to actually improve your technique. Because you learn old shitty habits and stay with you. And if you do something all the time, you just keep doing it shitty. But if you get away from it, you sort of forget a little bit. When you come back, you can start doing it right again for the first time. Again for the first time. A music CD by Dr. Mike. Do you guys think I should release a musical album? Scott's a sound engineer by training. So we could get it pop. It could be rap, R&B, country. I do a little country. So in any case, that aside, let me know in the comments if you want to go rap rock slash, what's that guy's name? Bubba Sparks. I'm the new Bubba Sparks. I don't want to just throw that to you guys, but it's true. So we'll get some some of that all mixed together for you. If you come back to benching after having been a way for a while, your benchmarks will be now and don't fucking test your axe, don't do it. Go back to it. It's a five to ten. And then your technique will feel better and all of a sudden after a few weeks, you'll be hitting the biggest tons of five to ten you've ever hit because you have new big muscles and your bench a sore fresh. It's just groovy. Then you go to sets of three to six, crushing all time PRs, tired testing your max after that, voila, bigger max. So sometimes getting away from the thing, actually helps you with the thing. Last one is gain weight. Okay, Daniel's I'm on or whatever from Iran. It's not like a real big mystery. It's to highly bench 700. I mean, it's really impressive, but he weighs like fucking 700. He doesn't really, but he's like 300 something. It's fucking enormous. And if you ultimately want a bigger bench, gain weight and while you gain weight train the shit out of your chest shoulders and triceps, specific to benching, it's even better. Right, lots of sets of five to ten compound presses and tricep moves and flies. As you gain weight, once you get to whatever weight you want to be or after you burn the fat off, start doing lots of sets of three to six and then peak with sets of one to three and then voila, you have a bigger bench because your pecks shoulder and triceps are bigger. If you want to stay in a certain way class, if you don't want to get any bigger, that's not an option for you, but most of the other ones are. But if you just want a bigger bench and someone's a, hey, like you'll have to be more muscular, you're like, well, shit, that's a two good things. Give it a shot. Let me know what you think comments below. Like, subscribe, buy stuff. And yeah, the last thing I'll say is if you really haven't trouble some of your lifts, come and join us on team full ROM, just go on Instagram or just go on the internet and type team full ROM and a buy link will show up. And we have a Facebook group and which you can post as many videos as you like and people critique your technique. And you can post your programs and people critique those two and get your better programs and you get a bunch of free stuff and so I'll include it and weekly lives with myself and Charlie and Jared, that's all good stuff. But if you're really struggling with the lift or a bunch of lifts, come to team full ROM help us out and we'll help you out rather and you can help us out with the Lamborghini money. But outside of that, folks, best of luck and we'll see you next week for the advanced version of this, which is me, it's the better version. It's just for people that have already done all these. So within next week or starting the time or now, go to all these basics, come back in a week, you'll be advanced. See you next time.