Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance, here atization, answering a super common question that we get all the time is, Dr. Mike, what do I do if I am skinny fat? And I view you 1,000%, and I think I have some good suggestions in your quest to look the best, you came here for some reason. Maybe I'm gonna stay in your park, we'll find out person. So, do you bulk, do you cut? What the fuck are you supposed to do if you're skinny fat? So, first, let's define skinny fat. It's not a clear definition, but it's a spectral definition. So, it's folks on the end of the spectrum who are compared to their peers. They don't have a ton of muscle, but also they have some pretty significant fat stores. Like if you had to describe someone's body to someone before a blind date or a set up date, that's the kind of body that's a little tough to describe. You know, you like you set up your friend Rob with Rebecca, both our names isn't that nice? And she's like, oh my god, like what does Rob look? Like, you know, it could be a blind date, but I could show up and can't tell you. It's just like, I'm just giving you like a clam, I think I'm a bag of the monkey. Oh, I was like, skinny. You know, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like a skinny guy trapped inside of fat person's body. She's like, oh, I don't know, I said that wrong, just kidding, Rebecca. It'll be more than you need or deserve. Jesus, I hate Rebecca for some reason. In any case, sorry, Rebecca's out there didn't mean to use your name, but skinny fat is actually a living proof of the fact that the body type system that used to use with Mesomorph andomorph actual morph is bullshit because they forgot skinny fat. As I remember, actual morph is like your skinny, but lean, Mesomorph is your fucking Superman, Jacked and lean, andomorph is your fat, but fucking Jacked underneath skinny fat, the other one man. And they never talk about that one, because that's fucking rough, right? But hey, a couple things. First of all, how your body is and how you look, doesn't fucking matter hardly anything in life, or fucking whole industry is a goddamn, like leisure industry is all the things a game is a joke, right? So first of all, your skinny fat don't worry about it, and other shit fucking matters anyway. What does Elon Musk's body composition and Jeff Bezos was gonna say some shit, what got Jacked on me real quick? Bill Gates, what does he look like? Doesn't fucking matter, just a goddamn billionaire, right? So if you've got solid game, handsome, your rich and successful and just not a piece of shit, you're gonna be doing just great in your life, being skinny fat, I wouldn't worry about anything. But if you want to not be skinny fat, which will want to be less so, what is the proper thing to do? And a lot of times, this is where standard advice kind of clashes with the predicament of the skinny fat person. Here it is, a lot of people say you've got a fucking bulk bro, you want to just fuck and start lifting, you got a bulk, and a lot of these folks are entering lifting for the first time, so they really have a lot of questions. Well, yeah, on the one hand, the bulk, I feel you on that, but they're like, well, I'm already fat, if I'm in a bulk, I'm just gonna be like, fucking sumoressler, that's not why entered the training and nutrition game is to become that. And then in the other hand, if you say, well, all right, just cut, well, hold on a second, I'm skinny underneath. I'm fucking lifting all these weights, and you know, I was got to have protein powder, so that it looked like some kind of something, and if I just died a bunch of weight off, I don't want my coworkers in the girl of my dreams, who also is at work, and that's problematic. I don't want her to be like, oh my god, are you okay? Do you like half like cancer or something? You're like, just Christ, who the hell just says not to someone and no, I just started to fitness program, fuck, you know what that sort of shit? You want her to be like, oh my god, are you like on steroids? I just got a gastrovac on, she's like, ah, that's Rebecca again, it was always Rebecca. So, walking sucks, cutting sucks. What the fuck are we supposed to do with skinny fat people in order to get them in the kind of shape that they want to be more than they are in now? So, I think a really good approach to the skinny fat situation is something like this. Priority number one, if you are skinny fat, you just entered the fitness space, you just started lifting her whatever, is to just begin a continued to lift her, or begin lifting, nice and hard. I think crazy, three, four sessions a week is good, for almost every one at the stage. And I can now reach at a time, train whatever muscle groups you want to develop, probably all around is good. And on the nutrition line, just try to make your diet nutritious and feed your muscles. We're just to say, multiple meals a day of mostly healthy foods and keep trying to hit like the decent amount of protein. Giffy bodybuilder looks down at your meal on his way with his own meal out of the restaurant you're eating at, he should be like, oh, there's some protein on that plate. That's nice, good for that guy, he's supposed to be like, what the fuck are you four years old who made your plate for you or like, oh, are you getting over breakup? Because there's only dessert foods on that. So you want some veggies, some fruits, some whole grains, nice, good, slab of meat, or vegetarian protein source, so glass and milk, something like that, just good nutrition. And we have a ton of videos for you guys on just nutrition for healthy eating that we have, I don't know where the fuck's got the video. I was gonna put it, he made, put it nowhere, he made tell me to go put it somewhere, if you know what I'm saying. He's on the road to me, is that a problem? Comment below. So yes, we have tons of ways to eat healthy, but basically we just want this person, this individual, to eat healthy and not 100% healthy, but just healthy baseline, any plenty of protein. This is going to do a few things. It is going to supply muscle growth. So underneath the skinny fatness, the muscles will be growing. And in addition to that, a lot of times when people cut out a bunch of junk food and try to eat more healthy, they lose a lot of fat too, often at the same time, because they're just beginning the process. So what's your body-baked gonna do? And you basically shoot for maintenance calories with this whole plan, or just eat enough food to where you're not super hungry anymore and just call it there. You may lose weight, you may gain weight, based on how your body responds to the hunger signaling of weight training. Some people, and they start weight training, even if they gain weight, that's solid. You're gonna gain mostly muscle anyway, or all muscle, it's gonna be amazing once you cut down later. If you just aren't super hungry, when you start eating healthy foods, you're gonna be building a ton of muscle under the hood because of the high protein and the great health value of the food, and because you're training for the first time in your life, but you may actually lose a bunch of weight so that by the time it comes time to like, cut on purpose, you're already pretty fucking lean and you're not even skinny fat anymore. Amazing. What I would recommend doing that for is... I don't wanna put to find a point in it, but like basically a year, if someone comes to me, if you came to me, this is the way I make all these videos, as far as like the power points for them. The way I answer questions in these videos is if your human being actually came up to me and had a real fucking life situation, ask me what to do. This isn't just hypotheticals, this is like real shit. So I don't ever wanna say like it has to be a year, but like yeah, at least six months and maybe as long as a year and a half to two years. So I'd say a year is a good goal. So if you just started lifting weights, you're kind of skinny fat, you don't know what to do. You'd healthy in it maintenance with plenty of protein, train hard or just fucking put the horse blinders on for one year straight. Is it the most rapid body transformation you can have, no? But it's the one that'll make the biggest impact shortly after a year. So let's say about a year of this, you've done it. The prediction is that you are going to be substantially harder. I don't know about down there. I not just says that's an intractable problem for me at this point. That's neither here nor there. What you are gonna be is like less mushy. You may have the similar overall shape, maybe, but your shape will probably better. Your shoulders will be a little bigger. Your arms will all tire at the sleeves and you are physically harder to touch because more of you underneath is muscle and less as fat. This is already really good news, but it's just the beginning. After that year, of essentially re-comping gaining muscle while losing fat and taking advantage of the fact that that's really all you need to make crazy transformation, crazy progress. After that, what I recommend is taking like about a 12-week fat loss phase where you lose like, all half a pound to a pound and a half per week, depending on how large you are. But like for your average, you know, 170 pound, 180 pound person, maybe just even a pound per week, just a little above that. You lose maybe 12, 15 pounds in the course of three months. And remember, you have built quite a bit of muscle. And now that muscle gets revealed substantially more. Now you're looking way, way different. This is when the people start complimenting you. This is when Stacy from a cuttings like, I'm not really like to account for your deck. She's at too much, only shit, Stacy. You've been in this job for like four days, of course, yes, tonight at eight. No, yes, I live with like grandma. She's cool. She'll be asleep by 730. Anyway, it's like I practiced this before. So after this fat loss phase, you're gonna look pretty fucking good, way better than ever. And then depending on sort of which way you want to zig or zag, you can choose your destiny and there are a couple of options. You can choose to maintain for a few months to let the diafety cool off before going again and doing another fat loss phase. Cause you're like, oh, I love this look. But I'm so close to being actually fucking mean. I need a little maintenance and another three month diet and then I'm gonna get a fucking world champion. Amazing, totally fine answer if that's you. You could get down to this new body fat level and be like, oh my fucking God, I look unbelievable by social life's night and day, my confidence is incredible. And that a fucking freak bodybuilder, weirdo asshole, steroid addict, let's say some other words, but the current social justice movement prevents that. So I'm not into that sort of thing. So I'm just gonna maintain and keep lifting three or four times a week, keep eating fundamentally healthy and just do me for the rest of my life, beautifully perfect dance. So we don't all have to go and like, what am I now? Year 23 of a self improvement journey that's actually killing your insides. Woo. And or you could say, hey, like I love this new look, but fuck man, I could use with a little more muscle and you start to slow muscle gain phase and then you do maintenance, fat loss muscle gain, et cetera. And then you're in the life of getting more jacked over time and lean over time, which at some point you like the way you look and all the way up to that point, you are better looking than ever. I will say one thing before we wrap this up. A lot of folks who have been skinny fat before, they hard knuck, they died it off and then they're pretty fucking chiseled. They are like, why wanna be bigger? But I feel like if I try to gain weight, I'll just get really fat again. The answer here is if you're gaining it like half a pound per week for 12 weeks, that's like six pounds total, there's just no way that let's say you only gain pure body fat. That's what I gotta happen. You're gonna gain some fucking muscle, maybe most of it will mess in your first try. If you gain only six pounds of pure body fat, if you started at like 174 pounds, you went to 180, barely an impact on your physique. That's like three, just over 3% body fat gain. If someone goes from 12% to 15%, or 15%, to 18%, you're all like, all these shit, gym, what happened to you was Japan opening up a new sum of division, that's not even a thing. So you just get like a little pudger, and then here's the deal, just a few weeks of hardcore fat loss dieting, will wipe that slate clean for you. So if you've been skinny fat before, if you have a decent control of your appetite regulation situation, I'm just gonna fall in to a white castle portal and go through a taco bell portal and get shit out of a bird or a heat portal. That's not gonna happen to you. Then there's not any way you're gonna magically back to super fat status. So don't worry about it. Take your time, do it right, do it calmly, do it with mostly healthy foods and a little bit of junk. You absolutely can put on cycles of muscle and go through mass gains even if you've been fat or before or skinny that before. Folks, I sure hope I made some sense, that all the jokes are funny. That's all I'm gonna say. See you next time.