Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pre-Dization, and today's quick tip is that sleep is almost never overrated for your fitness journey. Let's talk about how and why. Here's the thing. Of all of the drugs you could take for muscle building, in some certain contexts, and there's much more intellectual ways to explain what I'm going to say is sleep is the best drug, so to speak. Now, in reality, if you sleep close to the right amount, every other muscle building drug is way more powerful, and how or of extra sleep, a beyond what you need offers you nothing, and actually has downsides. On our of extra sleep that brings you from sleeping two hours less than you need to one less than you need is unreal powerful and comparable to tons of animal drugs. If you're trying to sleep four hours a night and you need eight adding in another four hours roughly every night is the equivalent or more than taking essentially the kitchen sink of drugs. Sleep is a fat important, it is critical, it is foundational. Why? Couple things. First, much of your growth in muscle actually happens while you sleep. You guys remember that movie from 90s, while you were a muscle got jacked up. I think there was love involved. Number two, why do you gain a lot of muscle when you sleep? One of the reasons is that growth hormone pulses the most when you are sleeping. There is a reason that little kids physically double in size over the years, grow myocytes and all our crazy kind of shit, transform. You guys ever see been around little kids before my parole officer says I shouldn't be doing that. But there have been around little kids. They sleep like 12 hours out of every 24. Holy shit. And they just keep growing and growing. They're growth hormone producing and consuming machines. And if you want to be a little bit more like that and get a few more gains, try to treat your sleep as seriously as possible. If you don't treat your sleep very seriously, because like back at I don't need extra, I'll just sleep six hours. I know it's not enough, but I have caffeine. Here's what you're buying yourself. A high probability of increases in body fat, a high probability of reduced muscle growth, or even muscle loss in some conditions, and absolutely you can expect reduced gains and strength from any strength training that you're doing. This is all confirmed by experimental research. Fuck, man. I don't have to sell this much more. Do I? I mean, Jesus Christ, get your sleep. Getting enough sleep is a big deal for most people making sure that they're sleeping enough. Requires seven to nine, but more like eight to nine hours per night. That's that little extra on their own cherry on top. There's people need adults, need more than nine hours of sleep. And if you're like, guys, sleep 10 hours, like, man, fucking lazy pothead motherfucker, or genetically just need more sleep. But honestly, the way you can tell if you're getting enough sleep is like this. If regularly, during much of the week, you get like sleepy tired in the middle of day or whatever, or many times during the day. And as soon as you hit your head on the on the pillow, you just zap fall asleep. And when you wake up, you're like, oh shit, my alarm, I could definitely use more sleep. You need more sleep. If you feel like you get enough sleep, like right now, I feel like I get enough sleep. I don't ever get really tired during the middle of the day. At night, I like, you know, when I lay down and go to sleep, it takes me a minute or two, probably, sometimes longer to fall asleep. And then I sleep for eight or nine hours and wake up super fresh and ready to go, but plus I'm taking high dose growth hormone in the middle of the night. And then I wake up not super refreshed at all. And I still want to sleep, but I have to wake up and do duties on damn farms of fucking pain in the ass. In any case, don't fall for the I'll sleep, but I'm dead, bro, bullshit. I know this isn't a bullshit video, but that's mold bullshit. People who say I'll sleep, but I'm dead, don't understand the next link in that there's a causal inference chain as well. Okay, but you're going to be dead a lot sooner, you don't get a lot of sleep. And while you're lying, you're not going to be jacked and lean. Some of the fuckers are pulling to be in a live. Hello, getting jacked and lean is everything, right? In any case, if you want max gains, treating lots of good sleep after a large meal with a ton of slow to adjusting protein, of course, wanted to hours before men, treat that shit as seriously as you do your training and your nutrition because no joke, it can make a fucking big difference. And if you're already putting in tons of time into the gym and tons of time into meal, and all that stuff, the least you can do is the easiest thing you can do, which is just go to fuck to sleep. And if that is the minimum necessary to super boost your gains, these are lit hurlly, the easiest gains you'll ever make in your life. I often stalk people and walk into their bedrooms at night and when I look over them, people think it's a sexual thing. I'm going to murder them and try on their faces and ask nonsense. I just want to watch people when they're at their most animal litter. And that's what I'm telling the jury trial. I have coming up. See you potentially never. Peace.