Hey folks, it's me again, Dr. Mike for Renaissance Predensation and it turns out you have to do the big three squat bench and deadlift to get maximum hypertrophy. Oh wait, just kidding, that's a myth. We'll talk about why it's a myth. We're going to talk about some of the good things about doing some stuff like that, some of the bad things. And then of course the real talk at the end of Closer and all off, put a bow on it, mail it, have someone open it, blows up in their face, building sirens, go off, smoke from whatever floor, blow up on people screaming, children running, elevators don't work, fire alarms, water sprinklers, Jesus. But the hell are we sending? In any case, here you go. Here's the myth. This is a direct quote I've heard maybe a thousand times. You got to do the big three for Max Gaines, squat, bench and deadlift to three core power lifts amazing. And people who say that rarely mean for one rep Max, they often mean for reps. At least that's a five, it's just a ten squat bench and deadlift, that's the best way to get big. And if you want to get big, big for real for real, like the old school bros did it, like all the guys I know, that are big, that I'm not big, but I fetishize them and run an account where I put up pictures of big guys and DM other big guys. They do that stuff. I know they do because I follow them physically everywhere they go. If you're going to do reps of squats, benches and deadlifts, religiously, you're going to have some good things coming away. It's not all bad. The higher up power lifting moves often in the most effective range for them is sets of five to ten because they're technical and they have some limiting factor so you get technique break down north of ten reps. They're actually very good at growing muscle generally speaking. And doing them in an intelligently planned program is actually great. So far so good. However, there are at least two problems we can think of. The first problem, the big problem is thinking you have to do them. A lot of times people will do them and put them in the program even if they don't gel with their body at all. Everything feels wrong and makes my joints hurt. I don't feel the muscle getting hit hardly at all. I feel the wrong muscles is as terrible but I still have to do this because Ronnie Coleman did it or something like that. Another thing is that sometimes they work okay but from a stimulus to fatigue ratio or perspective, how much good you get out of it versus how much fatigue cost you pay. And if you're new to the channel, just Google SFR is retell or something and it'll come up with a nice ten minute long video explaining that more depth of your curious what that concept is. Basically if something's not a stimulus for you as it could be and pretty fatiguing for how stimulus it is and has a low stimulus to fatigue ratio compared to other exercises, like you just get a better hit on a thing-clin dumbbell process but you keep doing barbell bench presses because all of the fears are big or something like that. That's a problem because you are not using the exercises that are actually best for you in that moment in time and using exercises that are not best under the assumption and pre-supposition that they're necessary or mandatory and that's not true. Even if you have all of the muscles covered and you can train them hard as a fuck with other variations and other lifts sometimes you still include these lifts because you feel like you have to do them, people will say things like, well you know like it's not really leg program unless you squat which is wrong and it pains me to say that it's wrong because I'm a religious squatting. I was going to say advocate I'm a religious squatter myself almost all of my work out that are great have high bar squats, I love them and I wish I could high bar squat all the time. It's like my favorite lift in the world but I can't say that you have to do it. That would be wrong and it would be wrong to do the big three thinking you have to do them. And this idea that you have to do them even though you're jumping over tons of hurdles to do them often results in people including squat mentioned deadlift for reps in their program and then it's a being that they incur a lot of needless fatigue. As much higher interfering with those lifts themselves and other lifts and under your ability to grow maximum muscle it gives you a higher injury risk because often these lifts are done very heavy and they're compound and the summit of total force is very high. Your chance of getting injured with deadlift is much higher than your chance of getting injured with pull ups or rows or anything else you would do for your back. For example and what they do is they displace other potentially more effective choices. So from the earlier example if you say, well you are incline dumbbell press really does fly my backs the best but I do barbell presses because I have to. I can't do them both because my backs can learn a car from so much so I'm going to do barbell presses this mess of cycle but next mess of cycle I'll do something called dumbbell pressing it's like where you should needlessly doing something that is not as effective and just placing away something that is effective. It's like I'm just going to make this time I'll make it fucking I'll make a terrible analogy. It's like you go to potentially go on a date with two girls and one of them is absolutely not your type and the other one's like fucking right on. For some weird reason you feel like you have to go on both dates and the girl that's really up your alley you're like hey Cynthia listen maybe next week or something go with you. Get out of here and hey Janice it may not be here. Number one girl you're like let's do this let's go on this date you're on the date she's like what do you think about me you're like you hurt my feelings to look at. But I'm doing it anyway because of reasons and I don't know good reasons by the fuck you're on the date you need to be like hey Janice here's the me paying the bill here's me texting Cynthia here's me going Netflix and she'll enter house and I get there I did the usual thing when I meet up with girls which is the following and you run away because you've never been by a girl at all in my case definitely in your case probably also since you're a follower of you or this channel you almost certainly don't get late I'm kidding stay calm but let's be honest it's probably true also I'm kidding about that but let's be totally honest come on seriously that was also a joke I'll just shut up. Number two because the big three have the sort of like religious annotation to them it's sort of demotes everything else and assumes an inferiority when you say to people like hey I do hacksquats I do bet rows I do incline presses you'll get some people in some crowd building really well just walk with free weight barbell brother well well and then you're in Tennessee back there is a thing where hacksquats incline presses and bet rows are in every single theoretical way just as effective to build the quads and upper pecs overall pecs and back as the squat bench and deadlift and possibly even more effective in some cases but if you have a must do the big three or they think I have to do attitude you're not gonna be able to do other variants as often and you're gonna assume their inferior for no good reason like every time I post a hacksquat video motherfucker gets in the comments inevitably and goes why not barbell squat and if I had only one fucking superpower or the ability to fucking teleport right to when he's almost done typing that comment and go Bart Simpson and Homer Simpson style just just choking for a while not to the point where he passes out or even feels his life is threatened just to teach him a goddamn lesson he type stupid shit on your phone you're getting choked in a fun cooperative friendly way like I used to do with my rabbi back when I was eight years old real talk there are zero must do exercises it's got to be the guy have we made a video about the myth of must do exercises already if you like we have yeah and if we haven't we will so if you can find it find that shit and if you can't tell us in the comments to make it we'll make it either again or for the first time ever there are no must do exercises you have to choose exercises they give you good or the best stimulative similar to fatigue ratios sometimes when you're not so concerned about fatigue when you're like a well say college student and it's over the summer and you get to eat at the dorms and train in a mostly empty gym you're 18 years old you're new to lifting and fatigue's not really a concern then you choose exercise with a highest raw stimulus magnitude just in one of the one that fuck you up the most they give you drive the most hypertrophy they fuck up your muscles the best you do these exercises the best SFR and RSM exercises until they become stale until they are no longer the best exercises which you can tell through a variety of ways your your ability to progress on the ms stops or stalls your joints start to hurt you start to get much less excited about it the pumps and the soreness they get from other movements are much better now than these you switch to another set of now the most effective exercises or just effective exercises and you continue that cycle for forever and get all the growth that you're going to get often the power lift squat bench and deadlift will make the cut and it's totally great to include them and then you should but often they won't and you don't have to feel a damn bit bad about it because there's no compelling reason to have to include the squat bench and deadlift in an hypertrophy plan because hypertrophy plans are always in everywhere highly individualized and highly situational it's your choice you can be hardcore and yes the quotes around that are there for a reason or you can get the most effective stimulus and the lowest fatigue and with that kept in America type motivational bullshit I leave you for next time a good wait like comment subscribe and do all the other TikTok things that people do on social media see you guys next time bye