Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSUNS Pyridization. Welcome to video number 11 in our 12th part series about how to build and maintain and use and benefit from your high-perrophy workout plan. To that end, we have an app, the RP high-perrophy app, and it does all these things for you. It allows you to build a plan and to auto-regulate a plan and to finish the plan, and then to restart and make your new plan. It does all this. It's really cool. If you get in the year, it's like 30% or more off than if you go month by month. So try it for a month, and if you like it and you're using it and you're like, hey, like, now I'll have to pry this out of my cold dead hands, then get the year. And the benefit of getting the year in addition to that is I get a year's worth of your money. And I run away to Scott's video guy. Where do people who have taken someone's money illegally on Mass Run 2? Namibia, which has a level 1 CA, travel advisory, which means it's sweet. So it does about water. One half-cubing, in any case. Here we go. Deloading. That's the subject today. As you train hard adaptations accumulate, you increase in your strength, your endurance, and best of all, your muscle size. That's the whole point. But fatigue accumulates also. And a lot of times we say fatigue very generally on this channel, because we have other nerdy videos that break it down. But let me break it down for you what we mean. A few examples of what fatigue actually is. Micro-attairs on your muscle that don't heal session to session a week to eat completely. So they start to get a little bigger over time, increasing your chance of future injury. Homeowner limb balances. Over the long-term of training, weeks and weeks and weeks, if you go really, really hard, your testosterone constructed decline and your cortisol stress to come up. Bad news. Neural fatigue. Your nervous system gets tired and you can't heal appropriately every single week. It heals maybe 99% every week. So that every week after, it's a little bit less, a little bit less, a little bit less able to push your muscles really hard and coordinate. You'll also notice that in the first few weeks of your plan, when you're not really fatigued, you're actually more athletic and smooth than your technique is really good. As you get more tired in the later weeks of your plan, you may start to feel stiff and weird and uncornated. And that increases the chance you'll get hurt in anyone exercising is also awful and bad for my muscle connection. Your glycogen reduces, so you have less and less power to give, and that's a bad thing. Now, one of the biggest problems with fatigue is that it prevents you from actually supplying a progressive overload. If my muscles are growing under the hood just fine, they grew from 100 pounds for 10 reps. Next week, I'm doing 100 pounds for 11 reps. They grow a little bit more, a little bit more, a little bit more, a little bit more, over the weeks. But what if I'm too tired to get 11 reps and I go 100 for 10 again just from fatigue? Even if the mechanism that grows muscle under the hood is still very much intact and at full power, it's like, okay, let's just more the same. I'm going to grow as much as I did last week. If matter fact, much less, because your body doesn't really like to grow muscle. How do we know this? You have to go into gym and force it to do so. If your body like to grow muscle as much as it likes to put on fat, you could just eat food and get mega-hello jack. So because it's resistant to muscle growth, it needs a novel, overloading stimulus every time to get its best results. If you're so fatigued, did you can't get stronger anymore? You're too fatigued to present your best overload, unless you end up just spinning your wheels a lot because you're going in and having hard workouts, but because they can't get hard over time, you're really shooting yourself in the foot. That's one problem, but it's not the only problem. There is a deeper problem than this, because you could say, well, look, volume is overloading. So if I can't get stronger, I'll just add a set every single time I come in and that does work for a little while or it would, if not for the second much worse thing. Mechanistically, under the hood, at a molecular machine level, high levels of fatigue tend to turn up your catabolic machinery that burns muscle as you walk around train, sleep, anything that burns more muscle all the time. That system is turned up. One of the examples of such a system is the AMPK regulator system. Another thing it does is it turns down the sensitivity and proneness of the system that builds most of your muscle. An example of that is the AMPK regulator, target of rapomyosin pathway. It has a bunch of pathways going into and shooting off of it, and a bunch of those pathways as you get more and more fatigue from high volume training over and over. Any kind of training over and over. Over time, you start to grow less muscle every time you're stimulated and you grow less muscle throughout the rest of the day. There's a real tragedy there. If you don't bring your fatigue down every now and again, if your fatigue gets up here and is chronically high, put sustainably, it's stopped going up, it's just high all the time. You're getting a little stronger over time, but kind of similar strength. You're doing enough volume hypothetically that would allow you to grow. As the weeks and weeks and weeks pass of you being exposed that chronically high fatigue, your catabolic machinery is increasing in its power. Your anabolic muscle constructor machinery is decreasing in its power. So, the turn dials are going the opposite way, which means that this is the tragedy. You're doing as much work as you've ever done. Session to session week to week, logging it in your app, your apps adapting to all the stuff. And for what? So that you can get almost no gains because you are now a muscle burning, non-muscle building machine. You have engineered your systems to start to act like that. And here's the thing, it's tough to tell because you're going to be roughly the same muscle size. You can't tell that you're making gains. Oh, I got a floating in my face. You're not at your floaty. It left politely. You can't tell if you're going muscle week to week that's fucking impossible. What your physique looks roughly the same. So, you could do weeks and weeks of weeks of training at a high fatigue state and grow precisely this much fucking muscle zero. You would be none the wiser because you never brought the fatigue down under the hood. The machine raised all fucked. How would you know that? Now, to be honest, your pumps will get a lot worse. Your ability to get delayed outside muscle soreness will crash almost through the floor, such that you do 10 sets and basically just get really tired for a few days, but your muscles never feel restore pumped. Those are good indicators. But a lot of people say, oh, I don't pay attention that stuff anyway, which is like totally fine, not to. But at the end of the day, you're really sitting yourself up like, look, if you're not going to grow muscle, you might as well train not at all or very little. You could not grow muscle doing those things. And you have plenty of time in the rest of your day to do fuck all. But if you're going hours a week to the gym and you're spinning your wheels, that's a fucking tragedy because you're pissing away all that time and effort for nothing, how do you prevent that from happening is you de-load. And by the way, this wheel spinning thing has been confirmed in direct studies. As you do more and more, your ability to grow muscle declines. You need a refresher every now and again to take that fatigue, bring it back down really close to baseline so you can set up another productive multiple weeks. If you are training hard and properly, which is to be honest, hard target demographic for this hypertrophy up is people who train hard and want to train properly, like regular fit moms or people in the gym doing fuck all, they're not going to pay money for this app. They don't need it. They're not going to benefit. It's going to be a lot of interfacing with a UI UX that they're just going to be like, I don't even know what I'm doing this. So for the people that think, for the people that want best results that train hard, most of those folks are going to be able to go for about four to six weeks of hard training, three to six weeks and then need a deal load. Very few people can train real hard for five weeks plus straight without benefiting greatly from a deal load. So every four to six weeks for most people, volume and load and relative effort should decline markedly. Last week, fewer reps fewer sets not pushing us close to failure to that whole week of the deal out week. Here's a good thing. I've got an OAP demo for you today because the app just does all this for you and if I just scrolled over to the deal out week, it can be like, yeah, that's another week with your sets and reps. This is what it looks like. You'll know it's a deal out week because it'll be like, you'll forget because the app takes care of so much for you. This happened to me recently. I was like, oh, I don't know the training day today. I click on the train day and it's like 50 pounds for 8 RIR and I was like, what the hell, there's a bug in, oh, it's deal out week. So we'll tell you to go easier. You don't automatically drop your weight. It'll adjust your sets. It'll adjust your repetition range target. It'll fix all that for you so you don't have to think anything about it. One pro tip I do have is the app still assumes you want to show up to the gym the same number of days. If you have some deal out workout, some of them will be so easy. What I recommend you do is just condense them. So for example, you have Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday workouts four times a week. What I would do for deal out week is on Monday. I would do Monday and Tuesday. It's going to take you just as long to do as your normal Monday workout, but you're going to get Tuesday checked off. Tuesday, Wednesday, you don't even come to the gym. Thursday, you take your Thursday and Friday workout. You condense it into one workout. That's going to be super, super easy. You can get through it in like 30 minutes. You train only twice that week. Monday and Thursday, the rest of the week, you relax. You eat plenty of food. You eat at maintenance. Take it easy. Sleep. Enjoy other hobbies. And then when you come back that next Monday, you are going to be fucking ferocious, furious and ready to go out again. And when you're ready to go out again, you are going to want to build your next program because you're having a new mesocycle to build. And that's precisely what we're going to talk about in our next and last video of this series coming up this next week, next Tuesday. And by the way, link in the description for the RPI hypertrophy app. Go have a look at it. And by it, please, I need money. I'll see you guys next time.