Let's talk about intermediate natties. It's folks have been plowed away for a few years. I think that's one of a lot of people get that leg. Now that I'm doing's working anymore. It's funny, this is kind of like purgatory. Like most people just get stuff. So let's say that you're at the stage where you can only put on one to three pounds of muscle per year. And so imagine, if instead of you grow two pounds of muscle across your entire body, imagine if those two pounds were literally just put on your side dos. Yes. You've got here by training hard. Being consistent, right? But now it's not just about training hard. You have to train smart. Hey guys, I want to help natural lifters grow. So I brought in an expert, Jeremy Etay, who is his own amazing channel. He's a super bastion of wisdom. Why am I not a bastion of wisdom? Because you guys know, I'm a steroid floreak. And I cheated my way to the bottom. Clearly, let's talk to Jeremy and see how we get Jack as natties. I have tons of stuff. I think holds naturals back. But I want to know what you think. Because we have a whole list to go through of real technical stuff. But give us your top two or three major things that you think natties are really missing in their quest for their best results. What I found, like going through several years of training, finding what works what doesn't work, is that I think the best way to find what's holding you back is to find the number one constraint, right? Yes. And this differs based on your experience level. So for example, if you're a beginner, right? It's pretty simple. You just show up and you train decently hard. And the name of the game there is just consistency. After a year of doing that, just simply showing up. You can make pretty good newbie games, right? And I think after your past S-stage, you get into novice territory, right? And this is where things get a little bit different. You've grown a decent amount of muscle, but in order to get the next phase of growth, you can't just continue doing what you were doing. Now you actually have to create a system for track in your progression, getting stronger, and actually pushing yourself in the gym, right? Getting comfortable with the discomfort. I love it. Once you get past S-stage, now you're, let's just call it intermediate. It's been later intermediate. And it's funny, this is kind of like purgatory. You're gonna mean, once you get into here, like most people just get stuck. Yes, wherever. Yes. Because you've got here by training hard, being consistent, right? But now it's not just about training hard, you have to train smart. Yeah. And this goes back to a lot of what you guys teach on your channel, right? Stimulus to fatigue ratio. There's certain exercises that work really well for me, there's others, and not so much. The other important thing here, once you get to the intermediate stage, things slow down, like, incredibly. And they will, and you don't have a choice in them. Exactly. You have a choice in how much they slow down, but they still slow down. Exactly. And the mistake that people make is that they correlate progression with muscle growth, which, you know, there is a pretty strong correlation there. But you get so frustrated that things are slowing down, and it's like, I don't know what you can do in my veins. So what do they do? I did 70 pounds, presses last week. I have to do 75 pounds this week. And maybe they do make that jump, but it comes at just a slight modification in their form. Maybe they're going, you know, an inch or two last deep in the room before. So our paper they're making progress, but in reality, like, are they actually challenging and muscles anymore? In this stage, again, it's a really tough stage to navigate through, because it's not just about train hours, but training smarter. Yeah. And just being honest with yourself, and accepting the slower progression. But once you do, right, you just simply stay consistent, and that's when you reach the final boss, which is, you know, where you're at, right? And hey, I'm a boss. And at this point, the name of the game is just time. Natural bodybuilding. You usually peek later on in your 40s. In your 40s, exactly, because it takes so much time to build an appreciable amount of muscle. 100%. And so I think, like in that final stage, just all just about, you've understand what really works. You know how to manage your fatigue. It's just doing that for long enough, and at the same time, of what you've endured. Yes, huge. That was super insightful. My little tidbit to sprinkle in there is when you're comparing your progress, do it to the expected version of your alternate universe self, which means if you've been training for eight years as an adi, what would alternate universe you, training eight years as an adi expect to gain? Not what you expected three years ago, because you don't make games that fast, then anymore, new games are easy. Another one is comparing yourself to steroid users. You watch a couple of Larry Wheels videos, a couple of Dr. Mike Peakin for a bodybuilding show videos, you know what I should be able to add. Five pounds every exercise for 16 weeks straight. That's just not gonna happen. So outside of managing your expectations, let's talk about more specific stuff. Let's talk about intermediate Maddie. It's a folks who've been plowed away for a few years. Not like seven or 10 plus years, but like three to six, because here's why, and I think the rest of this video can focus on these folks. The beginners, they're good, training Maddie like you said, is just show up to the gym and do stuff. You'll be fine, three to six years. I think that's one a lot of people, because you kind of alluded to it earlier, you get that like, nothing I'm doing is working anymore. Yeah, and of course it's working, it's just working slower, and then they're like, oh, they're same shit, doesn't pan out like it did. So let's focus on that intermediate, novice to intermediate, three to six year experience. What kind of balling you mistakes do you see those folks make? If we just take a quick look at the literature, basically what they found is like, if you go from four to five sets per muscle per week to 10 sets per muscle per week, that alone like double's growth. Yeah, okay. But in order to get another huge jump and growth, you're gonna have to go up to maybe 20, even 30 sets per muscle per week. So there's diminishing returns there. So I think like to get the best progress, you're gonna want to aim for somewhere between 10 to 20 sets per muscle per week, right? And you can experiment with going higher than that, but again, you have to manage your pity. But I think like a lot of people, one of the biggest mistakes that intermediate's make, which I also made back in the day, is very important. It's very important. Is, I mean, when I say, okay, do 10 to 20 sets per muscle per week, most people think like, okay, so I'm gonna do 10 sets here, I'm gonna do 10 sets here, I'm gonna do 10 sets here. Yeah. But you don't have to distribute that even, because if you think about it, like, as an intermediate in your first couple years of lifting, you've made like really good gains, and then that tape is off. So let's say that you're at the stage where you can only put on one to three pounds of muscle per year. That's like, if you distribute that across your whole body, that's not like a whole lot of change compared to the earlier years, right? And so what I like to do is be smarter about how I'm distributed in that bullet. And what I mean is that once you're an intermediate, you've realized that, okay, like some of my muscles, they just grow naturally better than others. No. Whereas others either due to my form or genetics, whatever you want to blame it on, they just don't grow as quickly or as well, right? And so imagine, if instead of you grow two pounds of muscle across your entire body, imagine if those two panels were literally just put on your side belt. Yes. That could make an incredible change. Huge visual impact. Exactly, right? And so I think it's like accepting that, okay, I'm going to make slower progress. So why don't I focus my volume on the areas that are going to transform my physique, the most and make the biggest visual difference. Yeah. And so for me, for example, my biceps, my arms, they naturally grew pretty well. And so over the years, I was like, okay, I can only recover from so much much total training. Exactly, so much total training. So I'm going to lower it a little bit for the arms that don't need as much work as the rest of my muscles, but what if I just allocate a lot more volume to my side belts? So I did that for a year. And after that year, it was like, huge change, huge improve. Yes. And even though I didn't like the scale weight didn't change that much, visually, it was like looking at two different people. No, I found on each side belts, that's different side belts. Exactly, exactly. And so I think like you just got to find ways where you can really gamify yourself and get the most difference. Despite the diminishing returns that your experience in 11. All right, we took care of volume, frequency, huge debate in the nanny space. I've been training, let's say twice a week, whole body as a beginner, a few years it worked great. Now my gains are slower. I'm in that early intermediate phase. What's your advice to me about managing my training frequency? Two questions there per muscle and total weekly number of sessions. What do you think? So I think you get a decent jump in gains. Seems to be about 30% jumping gains going from one time for a week to two times per week. It's a big deal. Exactly. So I think if you're not doing that, then that's low hanging through boom. And then once you're training each muscle at least two times per week, again, it depends on how much volume do you need for that muscle. Going back to our discussion before, if I'm prioritizing side delts and I'm doing 20 plus sets for them, I'm probably going to get a lot better stimulus by distributing that across three work as per week than just two. So it's like six or seven sets of side delts per workout versus like 10 sets of side delts per workout, which is honestly like this. I'm just doing nothing else with my time at this point. Exactly. And if we want to get like Uber specific, there was another analysis that was done by Jake Remert. And they basically want to see, okay, how many sets per muscle? Can you do in a workout before the gains like really taper off? Yeah. And what they found is that that seems to happen around 11 sets per muscle in a workout. So I would say that you know, you're pretty safe going up to about 11 sets for a single muscle. But if you're starting to go above that, it's probably going to get you a little bit of gains. If you distribute that across another workout in the week. So what would you think about intermediates that are still trying to progress in muscle? They really care about it, but they only train it once a week. I would say definitely you're missing out if you if you're not training it. Yeah. To even three times per week. Three times a week. So if you have a muscle that recovers really quickly and you're really struggling to pour enough volume on it three times a week. So big unlock. 100% 100%. Even you know, I'm sure you've maybe trained some muscles four times a week. Yeah. Because I think if you again, if you're managing the volume, if you're only to four sets for each of those workouts, four to six sets, like they can recover really quickly. Especially certain muscles like side delts. Yeah. Most of the exercises don't do a ton of muscle damage. Or you can recover really quickly. 100%. That's brilliant. That's awesome. Exercise selection. I want two things from you here, Jeremy, two bits of wisdom for you. One is I want you to tell us what real big mistakes in exercise selection that intermediate natties make. And I'll share one with you. And if it's the same, we can talk about it. But maybe if you have a different one that would be great. And then the second thing I'd love to hear from you is just for you to tell us about what exercises you've found a lot of success in, either recently or back in the day. You just kind of want to share with people as a sample. A new and iron brod scientific reminded. We know that the exercises you're going to share today they're not like the right answer. You know, some music, but Jeremy said this is like it's just good food for thought. So for that first question, I'll give you a little seed for my answer. Thinking that the specific shape or size of a muscle of a drug using no offense to me. IFBB Pro Bodybuilder and PC National Guy is going to get you that look if you do that exercise. Especially as an adi. Like what's his name does side-to-side raises like this instead of like that. That's why his delts are capped is pure and utter insanity. It's most a shape comes from genetics. Most size comes from a combination of doing any kind of consistent hard training multiplied by years. That's 95% of why people's delts look like they do. Exercise selection is so much more personal and nuanced. I just would never copy someone's exercise expecting it to be like this is the one. Might be a great idea to try. But like that's just not a realistic expectation. What are some other mistakes you think the natties are making when it comes to exercise selection? I honestly think like you hit the nail head you're in a man because it's just so common. It's the same thing like if I see even if somebody is nattie and they are huge I see their routine I'm like if I do that routine I'm gonna look like that couldn't it wouldn't it be sweet if that's how worked. I was not the other love to look like everyone would look like Jeff and it bird like on the street. You be like, ah, let me accept it. To put it in a perspective like imagine you picked six exercises right these are the ones that worked amazing for you. They got you this big juicy chest oh there we go Thank you so much. We got you the wide shoulders everything. But the reality is if I did the exact same exercises as you and we both trained for three years like we could develop completely differently because of our proportions and our limb legs and all the other stuff that affects how when exercise will actually grow your muscle right and a good example of this is like let's look at something like a barbell squat you squat like really upright and you seem to have really good income mobility you can keep your chest right up drive the knees forward. I have a long torso short legs so I'm able to do it right exactly and look at your quads they're incredible. Oh, it's time and what I found early on is that barbell squats like I just couldn't get that up right posture. That's a back exercise for you. Back in a little bit more glutes right and so my quads always lag behind and it wasn't until I made this switch to heal elevators squats even hacks squats where my quads actually started to respond it right so I think it's like it's so easy to just look at what Dr. Mike does or look at what Jeremy does okay if I copy the section size I'm going to get the same result. I think you have to get really smart about okay how does this apply to me how might I need to modify this to actually target the muscle I'm intended to. 1,000%. Let's look at three exercises you want to share with us today. Do you think the folks out there might benefit from you explaining a little bit something that's worked for you kind of like hey we're training XYZ muscle group you pick what exercise you really intending on. Yeah so I think like for the longest time my biggest struggle was hitting my chest specifically the upper chest and I remember when I first started working out it was like I'd go to the incline marble bench obviously you know go to movement go to and I would just my chest is different spot my front delts blew up but my chest is like nothing and like later down the road I realized I like okay I was using these fixed inclines at 45 degrees 45 degrees may work really well for somebody like you but one thing that I know is about myself and like I can show you a test that I do it's simply a sternum test right if you lie down an adventure you put your phone you can see the angle of your sternum. I'm a bit more flat you I can tell it's a little bit steeper right so it angles back and basically that means that for you steeper incline if you lie flat that's going to be a little bit more of a decline press. And so to hit the upper chest you're probably going to have to go a little bit higher exactly where's for me I'm starting from here so even a small jump in that incline is already going to unlock my upper chest and if I go a little bit higher it's going to be a little bit more front delts and so you might see a lot better results with a hiring client where it's me I finally started to see better results once I used a lower incline. So we got low incline dumbbell press what's another exercise that you found really worked for you that some folks might be interested in hearing about. I think man for the side delts like behind the body cable ladder. Yeah get that deep stretch I think like a lot of people they simply trained their side delts with dumbbells and it's always hardest at the top so what I found personally is that once I actually didn't exercise where I'm reversing it where it's hardest down here Adam's stretching the delts like that just did wonders for my side delts. Yeah those are really cool last exercise you want to share with folks that you really think is like man this was the one that did it for me. Last exercise I'm gonna say it's something that I picked up from you pretty recently it is the infamous doctor Mike I don't know what you call the line line strength by secret role. I kid you know if you guys haven't tried this I was skeptical the first I gave it a shot and the pump was insane. It's insane you do like one set and you're like what the fuck exactly it's like if I like I did three sets and one I positioned myself so I'm able to get a little bit more stability from the bench but 100% that was like I all loved these by some I love it. All right so fundamentally this is a training video training tips but you said earlier you did not want us to leave the video without mentioning something that you think is critical then that's basically nutrition sleep and overall stress management which is basically all over recovery and feeling the actual gains. Tell us a story Jeremy about how folks that are natural struggle with these in a way that really kicks them in the face and really prevents a lot of gains and kind of should have had coming to. So I think the main thing with nutrition is usually intermediates they fall into one or two camps right the first camp is okay when I was a beginner newbie gains I just stuffed my face and I'm making incredible gains. Wait wait I got I got a meme for this right ready just can eat bro just can eat bro. Easy thank you for the advice sir that advice was three words but then what happens when you're an intermediate is that the rate at which you can build muscles slows down so if you eat at the same calorie surplus and you're gaining one pound per week how much of that can actually be pushed towards building muscle. You got fat you got muscle you gain less muscle the same size surplus more fat. Exactly but at the same time you have the other camp which is like once you're an intermediate you're probably gone through a few bulk and cuts like this right and what happens after you cut down and you reveal the muscle you got the six pack like you look incredible and you're like I want to look like this all the time exactly and I will and you will exactly at whatever cost never gaining again and so what I think happens is that you get stuck in the cycle of like main gaining or like you bulk for a few weeks a month you see just a little bit less abs of the Venetian. No paying like no I got a lean back down so I think like once you get to the stage 250 calorie surplus you know gaining maybe you know half a pound per week 1% of your bodyweight per month and that's a really good target. I love that that's excellent insight. What about sleep like I'll tell you real talk even for steroid people sleep as massive but if you're on enough steroid sometimes it can mask the effects of not getting enough sleep like if you're on enough trend you just kind of feel like you're on no matter what but for natties that's not an option isn't. No like it affects people differently but I think for most people like including myself one night of shitty sleep even if I get under like six hours like I'm I'm a totally different human especially in the gym. Oh yeah even though you can probably you know match your performance the likelihood of you doing that is it's gonna go way down because everything is just way harder even though it's the same weight of last time it's gonna feel way harder. You'll accumulate morphine that'll screw you in the weeks later. Here's another interesting insight I read about recently even if you do the identical workout and match your performance and get the same stimulus to the muscles less sleep the night before caps your maximum protein expression for growth significantly even if you have a good workout just a new caffeine I'm having a great workout I did it it's like no no no no you can't do it anymore your body's like chemically you I'm not trying to grow as much as usual that's such a big deal because people think like hey you know even rag I've heard this before like it's all love and respect everyone does dump shit you and I combine to probably done more dump shit and everyone else but people are like yeah man good making pretty decent gains even though I sleep only xy's hours why are you bragging to me about this like yeah my girl never complains even though I have a reptile this function like are you saying this out loud make you want more sleep not less and a lot of people kind of think like sleeps optional as long as my training is good you know come to the gym for good training you come to gym for what good training gets you which is growth signal and if we know that last sleep the night before can diminish the growth signal that's a different animal exactly and I don't know about you but like if I had to pick between I can do four workouts per week but I'm gonna get a few nights of shit you sleep because of my work schedule whatever it is or I can fix those nights of sleep but only workout three times per week I would take that and either I would put money on that person. No God just totally agreed what about overall stress management kind of trying to do it all I want to do eight workouts a week I want to go to school at the same time and I'm also running a family business how much is that plan because for me personally a lot of people look at pro body builders as examples and they're amazing examples to understand a lot of pro body builders which literally they're job to train check-ins to ground send regrettable DMs to other fitness girls if they want to delete later but can't and that's kind of about it there's a lot of time for recovery most people don't have that. 100% and I mean if you look back at the old school body builders during the golden era like what do they do? Live down the beach they live down the beach they crush two our workouts with their buddies and the rest of the day they just hang out all right and so I think like you've got to think of it as the workouts are providing a stress but everything you do outside of the gym is additional stressors that can be added that you still have to recover from yeah and so I think people have to think about it like again go in back to our volume discussion we know that more volume tends to lead to more growth right but you can do it you can recover if you can recover so you have to time it out where is this an appropriate time in my life where I can really hammer out the volume because if not you're just gonna dig yourself a hole in the wall yeah so crawl out and maintenance is easy maintenance is to work out so weak exactly progress for some intermediate and aties could be four or five days a week clear your schedule out a little bit drop on a college you don't need college you need an education I get an education what good to do me not just a whole lot of debt I'm totally kidding don't drop out of school but think about like hey if I'm going to get really jacked the summer I can go on tons of trips I can do two extra jobs instead of one and I'm going to make gains I'd say like hey man how publicly the deal are the gains you're like pretty big like schedule a few fewer trips just go to your normal job smash weights and recover as a much as possible exactly and I mean if you know it's going to be a stressful week at where the school or whatever like you can program around that yeah take up for the volume a little bit do a little bit less unusual don't you know create a bunch of a tea that you're going to have to recover from and I think also it's just like this is something that I'm also trying to do you know trying to balance workouts plus YouTube and everything else it's it's stressful right it's a lot more added stress than I used to have back when I was you know a teenager and so it's just like what can you do to help decrease that stress help with that recovery right so like I don't know whether it's just like putting love island on and just like yeah you won't need your brain for that show no I've tried using my brain watching it it hurt my head no you can't you can't the key is just like zombie rain and just consume right now that's real good recovery that's that's if there's one recovery hack I can give it's it's watch a hey love island production team we're sort of famous people if Jeremy and I can get in on like a bonus episode we just show up to like train the crew or whatever you know saying just don't let me around the boys because you understand it's gonna be less time with real quick all right so I watch this guy on YouTube his name is George O'Pullus he's a phenomenal wrestler and he has a challenge called take me down when a thousand dollars and this basically impossible to take down and at the end the other guys breathe in really heavy George O's usually out breathing really heavy he's just stud and he pulls up his mic and he's like what's your message today for the people and so that's just I want to do all of my outroats from now on so Jeremy what is your message for the people the nanny people the real folk you know what I'm saying the pro-lept Harriet that guys just trying to struggle for games what is your just one little quick paragraph to get folks some inspiration get them on their nanny journey I think man it's just like you got to stop the comparison game it's so it's so easy to get sucked up on social media it's like the response to resistance training regardless of the free nanny or not it's all over the place it's huge so the most important thing is just like how much progress you're making compared to where you live before like that's honestly what matters the most yes you are your own match point you are your own versus opponent you're your own enemy look in the mirror that's who's picking up your life that is different I could have said that better look in the mirror that's who is your then gonna give you Jeremy go ahead and sign us out we'll work on it I actually wasn't sure we're going with the rest of the thing I was like getting ready to take you down for a thousand I'm not Georgia Post you just like impaled me on a lap hold out of that'll be the whole channel folks if you want Jeremy at he a to take you down and destroy your pride he lives in Vancouver show up that's all I gotta say peace homies peace you