Anytime someone says activation exercise, it's not always, but mostly code for, I never went to school for the shit. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for an Assault Spear Disation. Let's talk about the most common Hollywood training mistakes that I don't want you to make. Because the Hollywood people, they have lots of money and fame. What do you have except for white walls and no one to love you? Don't wait, I'm talking about myself again. In any case, here's the thing. We've done a bunch of videos and reviews of various Hollywood celebrity training and some of it's really good and much of it is really, really terrible. Let's zone in and what kind of commonalities that I've noticed and probably you have as well with what is it that makes these sessions so goddamn terrible. I don't always, but sometimes. Again, it's always, I mean, nothing but karma glove to all the trainers and celebrities involved. We all fuck up, have an out again and then sure I should. I don't do everything perfectly. So I'm sure there's someone doing a video on me right now about how terrible my fashion sense is just kidding. No one does videos about me because I'm irrelevant. Ready? Three, two, one. I have 11 mistakes that I have noticed how I would trainers make with their clients. The first is excessively long warmups. Worming up is not complicated. You do a set of 12. You rest. You do a set of eight. You rest. You do a set of four. The way it's getting every time. Then you do your first work set, second work set, third work set, et cetera. And you're into your program. You can do a little bit of cardio, stair climber, step mill, treadmill for maybe five minutes before maybe even less and then you're totally good to go. Maybe more warming up than that is like something's wrong with you medically and you need to be with a physical therapist before you enter a personal training situation. Number two, mobility work to nowhere. A lot of these folks that trains Hollywood celebrities talk about mobility all the time. Mobility is just your ability to exert strength and various positions of flexibility. Flexibility multiplied by strength equals mobility. I don't know what the fuck this has to do with looking like Batman. I'm sure the trainers don't know either. If you're in the gym to get resolved to be stronger and cooler, just do full range of motion lifting especially accentuating that deep stretch. You get all the mobility you need from almost everything in life and then some. Overfocus on mobility is great for people that need mobility like gymnasts. And yep, that's about it. Next number three, activation exercises that are different from the working exercises. You'll see people do a plank to activate their core for squats and then just squats. First of all, as a PhD in sports science, I know I'm waving the flag of accomplishment. It's fucking achy, but bear with me. I'm not entirely sure what an activation exercise does. You know, not just saying that for Fesitius comedic effect, I actually don't know. And I am a little Fesitius because I know what it can't be and that rules out anything that it can be. Anytime someone says activation exercise, it's not always, but mostly code for I never went to school for the shit because if you bring that shit to a rigorous university setting where they teach you formal sports science, they're going to be like, what the fuck does that mean? Come up on the board and draw the diagram. When you fail to do that, because it's a make-belief term, that means nothing. People will make fun of you quietly and you'll notice that the fuck down. That's how my first year of Hogwarts went anyway. Activation exercises. Not really sure what it is they do. We call those warm-ups in sports science. They can do really well. The best warm-up slash activation exercise for the exercise is the exercise done with lighter weights. It allows you to work on the same techniques you're going to be doing, the same cadences, the same positions, activating the same identical muscles in the same patterns. So just do that. I'm not sold on the activation shit if you can't tell. Number four, unstable movements. What is the enhancement effect you get of doing a squat on a boastsuball versus on the ground? I'll tell you that effect. Something like half of your fastest-witch, most growth-prone motor units simply never turn on because when your body assesses through its nervous system, that the situation has two unstable, it won't allow you to do full force movements. It's a safety thing. If you try to jump up as high as you can on a huge sheet of ice, you will fall on your ass and fucking crack your hip open. Your body kind of knows that through its evolutionary wisdom and it just won't let you do it. So if you'd sense this instability, you actually can't jump high, which means you can't activate your leg muscles. You'll make sure a lot, which means for hypertrophy purposes, which require you activating the fuck out of every last little bit of your muscle, this is just a lot left on the table. Unstable moves through study after study after study do not allow high motor unit recruitment, full muscle activation and thus are inferior for every kind of result you can think of, that for I really want to get good at squatting on a boesu ball, which last I checked has daily dick to do with fucking anything. Next, number five, mixing in corrective and posture exercises with stimulant of exercises. Guys, pretty much the only reason Hollywood celebs go to trainer is if you can look a certain way for the role. I don't give a fuck what Batman's mobility is. I want him to have Batman pecks and Batman arms so that he can make me feel Batman safe and Batman hug me in a totally straight way. I don't want to smell his chest maybe it's some aftershave and I don't know, maybe that's smells good to me. In any case, again, sports science, PhD, physisiousness coming in, corrective, I'm not entirely sure what that means. Don't worry, most of the people advocating for it don't know either. Poster? I'm not so sure there's a dependable set of exercises that can improve posture and the best Dpts will tell you the same thing. So first of all, it's nothing to do with anything and second of all, it's not even we're not even so sure any of this is having an effect. Number six, they avoid very often the hardcore compound basics, the slab, fucking pounds of beef. They work for great grammar or for grammar. Mom did it. Why the fuck aren't you doing it? For example, they'll take something and replace it with a fancier looking version that is less stimulant. You will rarely see celebrity trainers programs to flag a deadlift for their clients. With a barbell, just like grammar used to do, big fucking hanging hamstrings. You ever see grandma that fucking, you know, portrait on your mom's desk and I can't grab my head some fucking hamstring sweep, what the fuck? And your mom's like, yeah, she was fucking stiff like a deadlift in 495 for reps, fucking with chewing tobacco in her mouth. Fucking grandma, great depression type of shit. Do we see people using with celebrity clients, single leg, cattle bell, deadlift? Yeah, it's a fine movement, but I thought celebrities are busy, needed to get in shape fast. How to use that real shit folks? You want to be jacked. Don't do the shit they do. Do hardcore shit. Next, number seven, you just don't have a very high, effort relative effort per set. Relative effort is the technical scientific term. Dr. Bradshom fell using them on others to indicate proximity to failure generally. How hard are you trying in any set relative to a hard you could try? Frazing it that way, you immediately see you once you've seen enough celebrity training videos like to kind of just go through the motions. You're going to go through the motions, you're going to get not so great results. You're going to get some, but you're not going to get the best results. Try fucking try. Here's the thing, a lot of celebrity trainers, they don't want to push their Hollywood actors, they want to get them hurt, which is totally understandable, but getting hurts, not a matter of usually going close to failure. It's more from matter of are you warming them up properly? Are they in generally good physical condition? Do they have good technique? And are you not using excessively heavy weights? To put it in another way, if you put a celebrity's 20 retnacks on the bar, they're almost certainly not going to get hurt. What they're going to get is pain, the pain of getting close to failure as like to gas the builds. That's going to hurt them in not an injury way, but it hurts their, it's offense their sensibilities. And they might not come back to train with you because they want to pussy foot around and just get a decent shave for the next role they're going to hire someone else. I totally get that. But since you're not a soft ass Hollywood celebrity, most of them are actually really good people and hardest fuck, but the ones we review a lot of times is just not their best work. So fucking try people, try. You're not going to get Galgado's body by fucking doing the send-in reps. So they've never actually seen Galgado go out. Galgado, okay, finally someone corrected me. It's Galgado, right? Because Jesus Rayleigh or whatever fucking hot is fuck. Is Rayleigh girls with soap? Mary J.K. Fogado here, but alternate universe, what up? I know like Scott, how many Hebrew words do I know? Shalom, which means hello, maybe goodbye and also like peace and a shalom, which means three and Ken, which means yes, low, which means no. And you guys, when I went to Hebrew school back when I was like seven, I had such fucking insane ADD. I don't know what the fuck was going on. That's all I remember. I know a couple prayers. And any case, Galgado don't be upset at me. You're the shit, but folks train hard. God damn it that's all I'm saying. Number eight, low per muscle per week frequency. I see female celebrities hitting their pecs once a week. Girl, your pecs are going to heal two days later with the fuck or the other five days for. Not getting big pecs, that's for damn sure. And the last few days your pecs might even recede in size a little bit. You're missing out a ton of opportunity. If you're serious about a perchery training, two to four days a week per muscle every week, that's how you fucking get the best results. Don't train your biceps once a week. Train them at least twice, maybe three times, maybe even four times. Whatever you can recover from, that's what you do. Once a week, if you're a huge pro bodybuilder, maybe take to that log and recover. Scott, what's that one girl's name? Breelarson, girl, and then take you a week to recover from the shit. Number nine. There seems to be almost no emphasis on tracking what they're doing and progressing them through it. I didn't see anyone writing anything down. I didn't see anyone use the RP, I purchased the app link in description in order to make sure that what they're doing today is a little bit harder. Next time is a little bit harder. Next time is a little bit harder. Next time is a little bit harder than D-Load. No one's writing anything down. It just seems random. It is random. I've seen a ton of trainers, coaches, or clients like that. It's not optimal practice. These are fucking Hollywood people. They need to be in shape. It's a huge matter of money, of how good of shape they're in, of how much the movie has an impact. You would think these people track. Some of them I'm sure do, some of them are great, but a lot of them just fucking just don't do it. That's just not being very sciencey and very effective. Number 10. A lot of them confuse strength work and work capacity work for actual body composition, which is to say hypertrophy training. You're going to have some of these trainers training, there are celebrity clients and they say, well, we're working on strength here, core strength. Why are you fucking kidding me? Who cares? You guys ever seen a celebrity in the movies? You're like, yeah, I wish you was stronger. How do you know everything is a fucking prop? It's just appearance. And if you want to train for appearance, you got to train like that. Don't go doing tons of strength work, thinking it's going to somehow magically enhance your appearance. Don't go doing work capacity works. And a lot of the stuff I've seen is they get two kettlebells and just walk around the gym with the shit. Oh, work on a work capacity. Work capacity for what? In sports science, work capacity is never just said by itself. It's work capacity for something that matters. What matters if you can fucking hold a bunch of kettlebells and walk around the gym, you get ready for fucking travel with your suitcases, nonsense of the highest order. You and the gym to focus on a certain thing. You train that thing. Don't worry about all the other shit. You don't have to be a fucking jack of all trades master of none. And lastly, using fads that were clearly debunked a fucking generations ago. For example, lots of celebrities are using the vibration platform. You stand on there. It goes up and down. You think things are happening and they're not. The vibration platform is amazing for acute flexibility enhancement. If you stretch while out of vibration platform, it's almost as good as stretching while your highest fuck. You're just way more flexible. How? It's the nervous system. That's the answer. What other benefits does it give you? Hmm. No way? Yeah, none at all. So fucking stop using it. It also costs a trillion dollars. Why the fuck is it still being used? I know the answer. Celebrities? They need to feel like shit is working and they need to get all the advantage. You put them on the vibration plate. You put them on the fucking boesu ball. You lie about them about some core work bullshit. Ease up on the training. Cryo chamber after they're like, oh, man, my trainer's amazing. Because they have no idea how the fuck they're categorizing the trainer whatsoever. TLDR. Taking all of this anger and frustration I have. Talking to my psychologist about it. Coming back to you guys and trying to sum it all up. Take effective movements that stimulate the muscles that you want to grow or preserve. Progress with them slowly and strength over weeks training each muscle to four times per week. You're going to get some fucking results. Fans here lifting usually gets you neutral or worse results not better results. If Hollywood trainers are babying their clients. You're not a fucking baby. Your heart is nails. Go train hardest fuck. Every Monday we release a training video. You can get an inspiration from their how hard these guys go. Whether or not you download the hypertrophy app link in description below. Get in the gym and fucking make some noise. Hollywood motherfuckers. Talk about it here. See you guys next time.