Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Adissense Pyrdization. And I have the top 10 best ways for you to make sure you stick to your diet. Now we have another video later with the other top 10, 11 through 20. Anyway, of tips, so please stay tuned for that one. But here's the thing. This video assumes that you either want to start a diet or you already have, maybe you've done a few. And it's not going to tell you how to build a diet specifically. You can probably be surmised from here. We have loads of other videos on that. We have the RP Diet Coach app, which for like 15 bucks a month can build a you a diet, exactly to your specifications. Keep you on track. Remember, you bought meals, all that good stuff. This video here is for that extra layer of knowledge that typically only coaches have. That is the knowledge of on the mathematics and application of how to build a diet. You could do it a bunch of different ways of how to execute a diet. You could do a bunch of different ways of how to execute your lifestyle. There's technically a lot of correct answers. But some of those correct answers apply less often than others. And if you just do a random effective diet, it could be ineffective for you the way you apply it could be ineffective. So just like, let's say you're in some kind of real life version of a first person shooter game where you shoot demons. And then the guns are all laid out, which gun do you pick? All the gun shoot bullets. So there's no wrong answer. But depending on the mission and the level of kind of weird snake demon with nildows coming out of his head that you find, one of the weapons maybe much more appropriate than the other. And you wouldn't really know which one was good. I must say it played the game a few times. The game of dieting. And I'll speak myself and our team of coaches here at RP have played like I don't know hundreds of thousands of times. And we found out a ton of stuff that works in a ton of stuff that doesn't work as well. So I'm here to give you that inside scoop. So if you yourself are embarking on a fat loss diet, if you have clients that embark on fat loss diets all the time, or you're about to start coaching your clients, there are really good ways to do things. And there are other ways to do things that are totally fine. May not work out as long we have to be wary of them. So these tips are going to try to keep you more on the straight narrow increase your probability of success. That's it. That's all it is. There are 10 of them. So there's a lot of it again. First, you want to choose the right size for your deficit. And that means how many calories are you going to remove from your regular diet in order to lose the amount of fat that you want. Now, if you just took one pass at this question intellectually, you could say like, well, I want to lose a lot of fat. So what's the most I could safely do? There is a number for that for every individual, a little trial and error figure that out. And the thing is, what is safe? Isn't really sustainable? And you want to be able to sustain your efforts through the entire course of the diet to actually reach your goal. For example, it is actually a true statement that with this security protocols they have in place, going to Navy SEAL triodes as long as your doctor approves that your healthy is actually pretty safe. Yeah, I'm going to die. But is it sustainable? By definition, for almost everyone, it's the opposite of sustainable. You might not last a few minutes, never mind a few hours or days or the whole selection course. So you don't just want to pick a calorie number randomly out of the hat. Too much is too much and you'll fall off the wet. On the other hand, you could say, okay, hey, listen, listen, okay, I heard you. I'm going to pick a very small deficit to go real slow and steady. And at first, that looks like a good idea. It really does. A small deficit is easy to pull off. You won't be unsuccessful with it in the straightforward way of just burning out. But research shows people get less success with a very small deficit because they reached the following problem. Week after week after week, they look at their body. They try to note how they feel. They see how they close fit and not much is changing. And technically, you're losing a third of a pound a week or something. You barely feel it in the diet fatigue wise. They're not super hungry. But how are you supposed to motivate yourself if kind of nothing's happening? Right? Imagine going out of road trips somewhere. Like you've got to like crazy, you know, death metal slash punk slash electronic music concert in Chicago. And you're leaving from Indianapolis. What is that? Like a two and a half hour, three hour car ride. That's called two hours. Well, you thought it was two hours. So you're pumped with your friends. Let's go. You're in the car. Woo, putting whatever demonic music on the, you know, a stare that you listen to. And then one of your friends is driving at 10 miles an hour. And you go, dude, what are you doing? And he's like, well, want to be safe. Want to make sure we get there, right? Fellas, safety first. Don't want to burn out the car or you don't want to get us hurt in accident. You're like, right? Good thinking, good idea. Now that trip is going to take two days. About six hours under the trip, most of the people in the car, you're like, fuck that. Give me out. I'm just going to walk home because my house is right there. We haven't got nowhere. So slow diets in much the same way. Tent a burn people out because they don't show them anything their motivation can class onto, which is why a good start for most people is somewhere in the middle between really way too fast and really way too slow because both things exist. What that means practically is a deficit of you trying to lose something like half a percent to 1% of your current body weight per week, which means if we think about this, let's say you weigh 200 pounds. And that means that if you lose a half percent per week, that's a pound per week, that roughly corresponds to a 500 calorie deficit from your current diet. 500 calories missing in some form of exercise increase, activity increase and usually mostly food reduction. The other hand, if you're on the top end, you're going to lose about two pounds a week. And that means you are going to be at 1% of weekly weight loss goal and that's roughly around if you do the math, a thousand calorie per day deficit, a thousand calories per day. If you're eating 3,000 calories normally to maintain your weight at 200 pounds, you could be eating 2,500 calories potentially or even 2,000 calories potentially in order to get to your goal. Both are totally fine answers and there's a lot of wiggle room. The wiggle room is something you decide when you're actually doing it. What you want to do is get a combination of two things. One sustainability, you've got to feel pretty energetic, pretty good, no crazy sleep loss, no crazy cravings at least in the beginning. And two, you've got to be like, wow, like I feel like I need a less food, I feel a little lighter day to day. And after one, two and three weeks, the weight is steadily going down as predicted. As long as you can check both boxes, generally speaking you're really good to go. Next tip number two is to make sure you're doing a good job balancing your activity slash cardio and your food intake. Because it's very easy to look at deficit and think, okay, I'll just cut all my food down by 500 calories and then hit that. I won't change my activity at all. It's also easy to think the other way around where you say, okay, I'm going to exercise for 500 more calories per day. I'm going to change nothing about how I eat and that's going to be totally fine too. And again, just like I said at the beginning of this video, technically on paper without exposure to the real world, both of those are valid options. There's nothing wrong with them on paper in which is a lot of white people who start and do diets and then don't have a lot of success or any success with the process. They don't lose the way that they want. They end up thinking, well, like I fucking cut the calories, like the stupid textbook told me to, but the stupid textbook might not be reading the right textbook and it might not be telling you everything about what you need to know. I'm about balancing that two factory equation. There is a better way to do it and here it is. First, find yourself a level of physical activity that is sustainable. Ideally, something a little bit higher than what you're used to. A lot of times, step trackers can do a real good job with this. Where you look at your step tracker, you also have one on your cell phone. And if you're walking about seven or eight thousand steps a day, you think, oh, okay, that's nice. Let me bump it up to a minimum of ten k steps per day. If you wanted to do a ton of cardio, you could. But that takes up a ton of time and it generates a ton of fatigue and cardio is a really hard for how not many calories at birth. So what you just want to do is do a little bit more activity than usual, but not a ton more. Maybe 12, 10 to 12 k steps a day. That's number one. The next thing is to go on the internet and find out how many more calories per day, at my body weight, is this increase in activity burning. And that's usually something like 100 to 200 calories. Nothing crazy. Then you see, okay, I wanted to get to 500 calorie deficit. I'm already burning 150 extra from physical activity. That means I need 350 extra calories to take out from food. That's it. So that's not that hard. Once you find that out, you can go and plug and play and then you have found the balance. That balance may change in the future. You made your initial cut like this, yes. But let's say you get tired. You get hungry. And later in the diet, you may have to cut your calories again. If you're cutting calories again, you go through the same formula. But you now do a little value judgment before you execute it. For example, let's say it's been six weeks since you made your first deficit. And now your weight loss is plateauing a little. And you want to keep it on track. You want to keep it under the trend line in your RP diet coach diet app. And the diet app says, hey, you've got to cut your calories by like this much. And you're like, okay, except I accept your advice. And it goes, okay, here you go. Before you hit that calorie cut number, if it's going to give you an option to cut a little bit of calories, cut a medium amount or cut a large amount. And it'll cue you in on which one of things you should do. Ask yourself the following question. Ideally, can I go with more physical activity or less food? In other words, which one will piss me off the least? Which one is going to pull me closer to my limit? Right? So imagine being in a crazy Indiana Jones style like Northern African Desert Prison, two types of prison. In one prison, they work you to death, to the ground. 12 hours of physical labor or also dude whips you every single day. But when you go back to your jail cell, they feed you all the food you want. It might not be tasty, but it's all the food you can eat. No big deal. The other prison style is you don't really do much. You actually just sit around. There's like a lounge area, so whatever. It's not super comfortable. There's tables and chairs and you're there with other prisoners. You can chat. No crazy violence. All the other prisoners are also good guys like you. Just an adventure gone wrong. And there's no work. Right? But they just straight up barely feed you at all. There's almost no food. You get fed just enough to keep your eyes open. So you're hungry all the time miserable all the time. If you were in that first prison, the one where they worked you to the bone, but gave you as much food as possible. If the prison guard came up to you and he's like, look, but it's finally, you know, the night of nation's got to know about us. We got to do prison reforms. I know it sounds crazy in the end of Jones. Do you want more food? Because they said, look, you're something we're treating you with as bad. Or do you, do you guys want to work less? You'd be like, oh, holy shit, of course, work less. Fuck this 12 hour work, they shit. This is crazy. But if you were working barely at all and they came in and said, hey, do you want to work a little bit more and get more food? Or do you want us to cut your food even more, but you don't have to work anymore? You'd be like, are you crazy? I don't know anything to do. I love, I would love to do four hours a day of some kind of work that we get like double the food. And the prison guard's like, okay, great, great. We'll do it. So if you're on a fat loss diet, you could be in a situation where it's like, I don't care even preference. Then you choose to cut a little bit of calories and increase a little bit of cardio. If you're like, I'm super, super tired. I can't move around anymore, but I'm actually eating quite a bit, cut mostly food or all food don't cut any calories. Don't put any calories in for cardio. And the last one, of course, is obvious. You're starving to death. But like, you're not really moving around that much. Today, like, two of these still at 7,000, 8,000 steps, you just like, I fucking all cut my food, but now you're starving. Adding pretty much all of the deficit in through more cardio is great because you've got plenty of time to move around, plenty of energy. You just not gonna want to touch your food because you're already starving. That's how to adjust that on the fly. Point number three, it's probably a good idea to eat enough of each macronutrient. You'll always want a short cut. And they always want to cut some shit out because that's magically going to let them have this super effective diet. We already know not to cut out protein or not to produce protein. Protein is what saves your muscle on your body and pretty much everyone is trying to get lean without getting any less muscular. Proteins out of the way. But a lot of times people say, he lists, I need tons of carbs for energy and for my sport, but what are fats? Fats are useless macronutrient that people don't even need. Low fat diet, fat free diet, like back in the 80s. It turns out that messes with your hormones and messes with your hunger signaling and then you just end up having low energy, zero sex drive for a pretty close. A really bad time. It's tough to recover for your lifting and your physical activity. You're really, really low on energy or super dragging. Your cravings for higher fat foods are insane and you're okay. Maybe I made him steak. Wait, I'll fix it. I'll go keto. I'm going to drop my carbs to almost zero and raise my fats. Well, good by fat cravings. You got all the fat you wanted. But now you're workout energy sucks because you don't have any carbs. You're workout to workout recovery sucks because you don't have any glycogen. Your day to day, at least for a little while, mental space isn't going to be that great because your brain prefers glucose on which to run in your daily energy just isn't going to be as good. So our recommendation here is at least to start with. In enough protein, at least 0.3 grams of fat for every pound by the way you have. So for example, if you're 200 pounds at 60 grams of fat per day, I wouldn't go below that. You can even go above that and then generate your calorie deficit, subtract out the carbs and see how many carbs you get. You know, probably be plenty of carbs as long as your deficit's not completely insane. That way you're checking the box for all three of your macros and you're not measly putting one off to the pasture where at some point you're going to want to have access to its benefits but you don't. Your body does not do super well with extremes. It doesn't do super well with you taking out a bunch of necessities. It does better if you turn down each bar of macronutrients rather than eliminate one altogether. Number four. Number four is one about which most people actually don't know and that makes it a little bit curious. Here's the deal. There is actually quite a bit of research on this and the research is as follows. If you eat the same macronutrients every single day, thus the same calories and you have the same calorie deficit, you can actually see detectable differences in how healthy and how lean and how energetic your diet makes you depending on which schedule of meals that you use and the big thing here is similarity. It seems like human bodies prefer something like four to six meals a day and not something like one to eight meals a day and if you're going to have one meal a day, every day should be one meal pretty much. If you're going to have eight meals a day which would be the same length convenient every day should have eight meals. But the similarity is the big part. Let's say you have four meals a day. Is it okay that some days you have three meals totally? Is it okay that some day you have five meals totally? Is it okay if you have some days one, some days four, some days eight? It's okay, but it's not nearly as good. Your body thrives on regularity. In addition to this, you want similar meal times every single day. Some days you have breakfast at nine a.m. Some days you have an at eight a.m. But not very often do you have breakfast at eight a.m. one day and then you wait until two p.m. to eat the next day. So meal timing isn't all-ter-important. But if you stick to a very similar timing schedule through the day, you're going to have much better results. Well, by a small margin anyway, and one that counts, then if you just do random sporadic shit. And you also want to have similar macro spreads throughout the day, which means generally if you train in the morning, keep training in the morning. Most days of the week. I wouldn't train in the morning and then train at night training the morning, train night. Sometimes look your schedule just demands that you do, and that's totally cool. But a lot of times, it's a really good idea to stay as stable as you can. And because your training schedule will be able to be protein spread evenly throughout the day anyway, and you're roughly evenly spread meals, it roughly the same times. But you also want to make sure that you're having more carbohydrates around your training when doing a few or after. Or if you train these later, if you were carbohydrates earlier on the day, and then more afk, whatever your meals are, make sure each meal split macros-wise is roughly the same, or at least similar. So for example, if you typically have your breakfast at 8 or 9 or 10 a.m. close enough, your breakfast, let's say typically has 50 grams of carbs in it, and whatever, 50 protein and 20 fat. That means that the next day your breakfast could have 30 grams of carbs. The day after that, your breakfast could have 70 grams of carbs, and that's all winners. But it's probably not great or rather ideal. Pretty have one day breakfast zero carb. The next day breakfast 130 grams of carbs, the next day 60, and so on and so forth. All this sporadic nonsense can regularity is a big deal that most people just don't know about. It's a big deal because of habits that stick in and then your day becomes kind of a part of who you are, and it's easier. But it also seems to make sense, at least from the literature based on some kind of signaling and molecular hormonal stuff, such that actually eating on a regular basis, day after day, after day, similar meal time, similar meal amounts, similar meal macros gets you going in a way that just smooths out the entire process, which is probably what you're interested in, and probably what your clients are interested in is you're helping people out with clients. This seems to push back a little bit, and it does. On the idea that about 10 years ago in the fitness industry, maybe a little bit before that, it was kind of first popularized that macros are everything. If it fits your macros was born, and if your daily macros were, they were, you're going to get very good results. So that's still true, but you can get better results with meal timing. So a lot of people will say, well, as long as they get in, all my calories mattress thought the day I'm good, and that's totally true. But if you get them in relatively evenly with even scheduling, you'll just be more successful, lose more fat, half more energy, have better health outcomes if you have regular meal timing than if you don't. By a small margin, but an effective one. So something like the idea that's starting to sound like a sales pitch, we did think of the science when we made the app, and when we update the app, the RP Diet Coach app gives you regular meal times with meal reminders, and a way in which you can make your meals are very similar throughout the whole week. It helps you plan your work out. There are other, you know, because it's a diet planer, it's a diet coach, very different. There are other fitness and diet trackers that will essentially give you like a bucket for a day of food and say, I eat this anytime, and they're not bad, but they're not quite as good as giving your specifics and keeping you on a schedule of a regular intake, which is the big deal here. Next, number five, way that you can be more successful in your fat loss diet is to learn to bulk meal prep. The alternative is to essentially what I call spot cooking, everything. On the spot, it's 1pm, time for lunch. My RP Diet Coach app says lunch, eat your lunch. There's a macros. I go to the kitchen, I look at the fridge, I look at the eggs, I look at the cheese, I look at the turkey, and I go, okay, it's time to cook. I fire up the grill, or the griddle, or whatever I need to, and get the blender going, and I make myself a meal. Unless that's like fitness culture 101. The way I introduced to fitness was some late night commercial with the guy in Leigh-A-Tards was like turning on a blender. Some reason he was in Leigh-A-Tards. The Tony Thick is out of guide. Do you remember that guy's got to be the guy? He goes out of the machine guy. That's right. The hat and the Leigh-A-Tard on and all times. Yes. He's the man. So cooking a meal fresh and having it there with all your great macros, there is not a thing in the world wrong with it at all. But on day two, on day 27, on day 67 of your diet, cooking every single meal from scratch, it's just a lot of work. Now, if you're there for it, psychologically, fucking awesome. Enjoy. Mr. Chef, Mrs. Chef, that's you. The folks that diet the most, which is competitive bodybuilders by definition, because they diet, cyclically, as part of their competition prep every single time. And the diet really is the prep. They have found that if you cook a whole bunch of a few different kinds of meats, whole bunch of a few different kinds of grains, whole bunch of just a few different kinds of veggies, which is really easy to do on like a Sunday in like a two to four hour period at home. You make all that stuff in bulk. You measure out the meals that you can have and plan that each meal, you know, every day, we have four meals. Maybe one of them is a protein shaken night or some Greek yogurt. You're not going to like put that in a top of our container. You can make that in the spot easy. And it's like fun to make it in the evening and pull a few nuts in there and stuff like that. That's totally cool. But three of those daily meals, you are going to have in top or where by the end of that Sunday, actually within like two to four hours and take all day, you're going to have them in a combination of the freezer and the fridge so that you're whole week. All of your meals are there. That gives us two incredible advantages. One is over the course of the week. That saves you. I don't know 10 hours, maybe 10 hours of your time back to do anything you want with it. And when you're on a hard fat loss diet, that's a lot of time you want back. Like there's all kinds of other stuff in your life that's not more difficult to do because you're brain only works out way because you're starving all that time. I'm kidding, but you guys get the idea. Isn't it great that when you're doing something difficult like a fat loss diet that requires a lot of your cognitive bandwidth that you can free up 10 hours of the day with bulk meal prep? Yes, that's number one thing. It gives you this time. Number two, it takes you away from the kind of decision fatigue or rather decision opportunity that can make you falter. Okay? Imagine you told yourself, I'm not going to jack off to porn for the next 12 weeks. You want some of the Josh Hartnett 2003 type of shit. What's that movie called? Scott's video guy 40 days, 40 nights? Yeah. That movie was cool. 40, I think. Yeah. Anyway, Josh Hartnett was dreamy. In any case, you say, I'm not going to do it no more porn. Hey, sweet. Kudos to you. And every single time that you start your computer, you have a porn pop up and a work pop up. Really? Any one of Jack off to this porn? Look at all this porn. Or do you want to do work? Man, that's a tough way to set up your startup screen, 9 year computer. You're making life very difficult for yourself. It's similar to the way that when you walk into your refrigerator or to your kitchen and you don't have a meal prep yet, shit, there's options. And some of them are ones you said you wouldn't do. When you're making a meal and you're hungry for that meal, it's tempting to be like, okay, I'm hungry. The boss has been fucking writing me at work. And literally it's lying at the porn. And I need this. I need just a few more carbs for myself. Why am I so ridiculous that I'm saying this? It should happen all the fucking time. You guys probably know in the comments, you can tell me how often you're seeing a happen to yourself or to others. Like, an extra bagel, that's okay. But if you have your meal prep, that's like coming to work. You can't even access porn on your computer. And your work is preloaded for you. You open up your computer at your work from yesterday. You just get right back in. You just walk into the fridge, get the top of where I go. I don't want to do this. I want to eat pizza. But fuck it's already here. Microwave three minutes out, spoon, done, meal, eaten. And once that meal has been eaten and you're washing your tupperware, you think, wow, I'm not even hungry anymore. I'm not craving anymore. That meal hit the spot. And thank God that that meal was already pre-prep. We're kind of fucking genius. Did this. Who ate I did last Sunday. Huge advantage with bulk meal prep. And I think a lot of people think bulk meal prep is scary. They call my god, like, I'm one of these bodybuilder people now. I do bulk prep. My friends are going to come over to them. They're like, what's all this tupperware? Yeah, you need new friends. I'm kidding. It's just not that hard. It's just really, really basic stuff to give yourself the advantage, plain and simple. Next, within the context of bulk meal prep. Or if you want to cook some of your meals at least some of the time and maybe all the time for whatever reason, on if that lost diet, it is a huge, whole-hearted recommendation of mine for you to try to, at least to some extent, avoid elaborate menu items. Again, we come to the following. When you are fat loss plan, life is harder. It's like living in a world with one and a half times normal earth gravity. Someone's like, hey, can you get the remote? And you're like, ah, but it's over there. That's a whole three pieces of furniture away. Are you crazy? What if the remote just came to you? Wouldn't that be great? Wouldn't it be great if the remote was close? In a similar way, when you are doing a really tough fat loss diet, and listen, if you push a fat loss diet enough, challenge yourself, at least at the end, they all get tough. If you have a Sunday meal prep, and you have to cook some food, and the meal prep now takes five, six, seven hours, because you decided to meal prep yourself three different kinds of meals a day. One of the meals, it's the regular top of where, but then it's got the little pullout mini internal tupperer that's got a little cayenne pepper in it, because you don't want to mix the pepper with the noodles. It's better if you just put it on there. One of the meals starts after the microwave. I've seen people do all this shit. And listen, if you have time for it, and the bandwidth, great. Do the complex meal prep have a bunch of different ingredients. And when you're in a tough spot, and you will be at a fat loss diet, give yourself all the advantages. The advantages come when you have a meal prep that's got like two or three different kinds of proteins, two or three different kinds of carbs, shit even one works, two or three different kinds of veggies. You pour them into the little places in the top of where, measured all out, boom, you're done. That gives you two advantages. When we already mentioned, it's just the reduction in bandwidth, because shit is hard enough as it is on a fat loss phase. The other thing is this, when you're in a fat loss phase, especially towards the end of it, you're going to get hungry, you're going to get craving. When you want your food, your meals to knock out your hunger to buy you honestly, honestly. Another four hours of fucking sanity, so you can do your work, hang out with your kids, take a dog and walk, drive to the store, and not be thinking about like, how many grown olibars could I eat if I wasn't on my diet? Big talk last month, probably 100, I probably die. I just blow up like a seagull who's eating an alkythase. If you're free from those thoughts, that your meals are winning. And if your meals are ultra nuanced, ultra well-prepared, ultra elaborate, ultra delicious, you're going to really crave your meals, which an hour before your meal, it's all you're going to think about. And then you're going to eat your meal, you're going to enjoy the living shit out of it. And then afterwards, about a half an hour later, you can buy diet, damn it. How about another one of those meals, man? And you look at your clock earlier, only three and a half hours till my next meal, three and a half hours of existential dread. If you make your meals just decent, you can take the emotionality out of eating, for at least the last four or hard weeks of your diet. And why would you want to take the emotionality out of eating? Because they only eating emotions, you get nowadays on the net balance, are negative, because you never have enough food. That is the nature of deficit dieting, and you don't feel like you're getting enough food. So the complex menu items take a lot of time to actually prepare, and also they make you crazy, and they make you more likely to just be still fucking hungry and pissed. So stick to the simple stuff, maybe the not world's tastiest, emeralogasi type of shit, and then you're going to be setting yourself up for a higher probability of success, flat out. Number seven, food on the run. I highly recommend to you to either have in your home or office or wherever you find yourself Uber that you're driving, or no of where to get quick, realistically, three sources of lean proteins, three sources, or at least one or two of healthy carbs, and a few sources of healthy fats to build a meal with the good macros that you want in it, but your RP diet coach apps does eight, eight, and 12 PM. If you can't make it to a top-aware meal, or you're not in a position that day to even have the top-aware around you. It's important to know where to get meals on the go. This is a practice skill that you're going to get better at over time, but if you've got kind of like quick draw solution, then you're going to be way more successful because when you walk into a gas station, and you're 30 minutes late for your RP diet coach meal at number three of the day, if you just straight up have no idea what you're supposed to eat, you've never done this before. Fuck man, that's that whole porn analogy. Again, the gas stations full of delicious things. There's bear claws. There's those stuffed honey cinnamon buns. There's more bear claws of a different flavor. And all of a sudden, like, you're like, well, I need food and fuck this diet and she's an am, I'm eating junk. Or you eat something that has some protein, but not enough. If you go to the gas station before then, 20 minutes before your meal, or even at the beginning of the diet, or even before you start a diet, you can sort of get into the gas station around your work and kind of look at what they have, you can know in advance a few items you can get. For example, they might have some muffled milk protein shakes. They might have some really lean jerky, turkey jerky, or beef jerky that you can eat. They might have some really good macros protein bars that are just hanging around. They might also have a few different types of fruit, or some of those healthy granola bars, with mostly just slow to adjusting carbs and not whole that else. And they might have various flavors of nuts that are salted or unsalted or semi-salted, and then you can just pick from that and that's literally like a meal-builder to gas station. If you work from home, or if you're at home a lot, or if you're in your Uber that you drive a lot, you can have those types of things at your disposal so that you have ready to go, and it's so easy to have like two or three meals at any point in your fridge around the house, anything. So even if you don't have meals prep that day, easy on the go food on the run stuff is no big deal. If you work in an office, you can have a few of an office fridge. You can just show up that morning and be like, okay, we got clients in 20 minutes, coming in for a deal. Fuck, I didn't bring my food. That's okay, I'm at a run downstairs with a belly they got. I'm going to buy a few exact items like this, and then when we free up at the clients after the meeting, I'm going to boom, boom, boom, and then right up the whole proposal. Awesome, it's the food on the run, gives you the ability that if you're off track off schedule, off whatever out of your elements, you don't have your meals, there's no need to panic, and there's no need to eat a whole five bags of chips, which for some reason people do, we'll get into that later when they freak out. Point number eight, tip number eight, be ready at the restaurant. You guys live in the real world, I don't, I'm actually a large language model, I'm that even Dr. Mike Isrtle. How could you ever tell? Maybe in a few years this will be an interestingly dated. Good God, in any case, say that again. Sorry, we're going to replace it. Scott, the video guy is replacing me with that. I got a lot of samples of stuff I say, so it'll sound eerily like Dr. Mike, but not quite. It'll probably do that really well when I do with my eyes. In any case, here's the deal. You guys are real people. You can't always carve out 12 weeks of fat loss phase, it's just like what we recommended in the RpDiCoChap, it's like a really good, medium amount of time to diet, to really change your body. It's hard to take 12 weeks out of your life, and you're like, I'm never going to a restaurant in those 12 weeks. You could, people do it, but it's much better that if you get a chance to go to a restaurant, you are prepared. And that means, they use this crazy thing called the internet. I know, I know it's scary, but give it a chance. And you go to this machine called the Google, and you Google the name of the restaurant that your parents are coming into town, and they want to go to a restaurant, and that's the one you and your wife picked to take them out, too. And you look at their menu. And you think, what on this menu can remotely comport with what my macros are for meal number five, which is when I'll be eating this meal. It's not that hard. Most restaurants have a really good option, but it's better than that. Most restaurants have an ability for you to call the server, hey, AU, a Thai treat, servers and kidding. And be like, hey, I know you guys have a chicken breast dish with all this other stuff. Is there a way you guys could just get me the chicken breast itself, and then just like a bunch of veggies, and maybe like a thing like a cup of rice, almost everywhere I've ever gone. It's remotely, any restaurant, both McDonald's ability to customize their menu items, they're like, yeah, sure. And you just say, I'll just pay whatever for this normal one, because it saves a bunch of money on the sauce. I'm a little weird peanuts they put on there for the food decoration, and they don't give a fuck. Whether it be like, well, can we tell you how much it's going to cost you? Like, yeah, sweet. You're a good 15 bucks, you're a sounds fine. That way, you're winning at every step of the equation, which you do not want to do, is to show up to a restaurant, hungry as fuck. Your parents are squawking at you when you're like, oh my god, how long is this dinner? And you look at the menu, and there's nothing on there discernible, or the food items aren't even explained. It's like, oh, like, it's some kind of artistic name. Like, Chuharaska tacos. You know what the fuck is in these? And it's like a hipster place, so you can't even tell what the fuck the ingredients are. And like, is this like a carb or a fucking herb? Is this a smell or is this a food with the fuck is going on? Listen to point into something that has some delicious food that you might like to eat. Or maybe like, I'll have that person's having and it's great. But it's got a trillion calories in it because it's not a diet food because you panic and you chose wrong. Be ready for the restaurant by Googleian events, or by knowing that you almost always have the recourse to just order some clean food and look, people get embarrassed about ordering. This kind of stuff. They get embarrassed about asking restaurant employees this. I urge you at home to consider, and please put in the comments below if you have a good guess. Why? Why are you embarrassed? I said seventh grade. Is your dick out again in public? Again, I'm going to call Ronnie's parents for the fifth time this month. Oh, nobody cares. Nobody cares. Do that Jurassic Park meme with the fact guy. See? Nobody cares. You just fucking do that and you're good to go. Restaurant, win. I'm going to get any if you show up. Smell's really good in the restaurant. Everyone's eating tasty stuff. Your parents and your wife have all ordered a really good stuff because they're not on diet. That's it. You're failing because you're ordering the same shit. Oh, somebody got fries. I'll snack on those two. Don't do it. Be prepared. Number nine. Sometimes you're going to plan a fat loss phase and you're going to get into some rough times in your life. You get a phone call. Really? Hey, man. Have a long last brother. Oh, my god. I can't believe it. Yeah, that news. He's dead. So come to the funeral. You're like, oh, she's it's Christ. You got to go to a funeral in Arkansas. Really? Yeah, Arkansas. Fuck. That's like a week of me having a meet new family. Ugh. Look at a dead body. Ugh. Go to a funeral and pretend to cry because I never knew the guy. Ugh. That's a lot of stress. In that week, you could choose to try to stick to your diet. And if you've got to handle on things, I'm not going to kick that dick out of your mouth. So to speak. That's a Martin Lawrence joke. If you want to stick to your diet and you think you got to hey, listen, amazing. Everyone's clapping for you. But it's totally cool for you to say, look, this week or this two weeks. I'm going through a house sale. I'm going through a divorce. I'm divorcing my children. I, somebody take them. I don't want them anymore. Any kind of big major life event. Super big work trip. Here's an example. Your CEO walks in and he's like, hey, you know that Tokyo count? Look, yeah, whenever you're going to get that account. We just got it, mother fucker. Pack your bags. We're going to Kyoto tonight. We're going to have fucking train to Tokyo. And we're going to give them the best fucking presentation ever. And they're going to sign a fucking contract. And we're going to be fucking billionaires. And you're like, oh, bad. I have my macros. He's going to be like, what? Here's your fucking ticket. See you at the airport. And you're like, shit. Isn't a good idea for you to go to Tokyo to make the presentation of your life. Half delirious on zero carbs. Because that just happens to be that week and you're diet. No, probably not. The other option isn't no diet. And that's the thing that kills me. And this is tip number nine. When you are off your game knowingly and it's time for you to take a break from your diet. That means you don't break in half and Cheetos come spilling out. And you eat them to try to get them back in your body. It is not a license to eat whatever the fuck you want. It is a license to do one intelligent thing. And that's this. Take your deficit out and return it to maintenance. You're going to eat at maintenance for the entire time that that event continues. There's an option in the RP Diet Coach app to manually add a bunch of food to take yourself up rightfully to maintenance. It does it all for you. But if you do it yourself, it's a very easy calculation. Already know what your maintenance says from before you start at the diet. And it's a real close to what it was now that you've been doing the diet for a while. Just knock off a couple of hundred calories, boom, that's your main. It's a few to maintain at 3000 calories. You've been dieting on 2,200 for a few months. Your maintenance is like 27 or 28 hundred calories. Not rocket science. Stick to that maintenance. You're going to have a way easier time sticking to any diet and he works as maintenance eating isn't that hard. You have tons of fats available now in your diet that you didn't see. You can have normal manual items as long as you have the protein a little bit. You're not under any kind of stress anymore because maintenance is easy. So you can do a great job at the Tokyo conference. You can poke your long loss dead brothers body. Whatever it is you're into. And all the while you are not regressing at all. You're just maintaining. So let's say you had an ultra successful diet. You went from waiting 180 pounds to weighing 168. And you want to get to 165 in super close. And then you have to go on this work trip because you close the whatever account are almost closed. You got to go to the presentation of your life. You don't want to come back from Japan and Japan is at the patron saint of fucking amazing food. You don't come back from there. Be weighing 178. And you're like, I'm glad I'm a million in now. But fuck. What you want to do is come back weighing like 169 because of the weird travel bloat. And then two days later you weigh 167. You're looking at the god. I lost no ground. Zero steps for zero steps back. Fucking amazing. It takes some diligence and it takes the knowledge that when the diet is too hard to execute you go to maintenance. You guys have a watch like launch. You guys watch NASA or Tesla, fucking Tesla, what's that space X? Any of those enterprises launch a rocket that's really important in the space? When they get a report like heads gonna be bad weather, they're not like, how much is rock the cost? 10 billion. Ah fuck launch it anyway. What? With the weather is gonna knock it out and that's 10 billion gone if it's unmaned. And 10 billion and like five people's fucking lives gone if it's manned. But the fuck are we doing? They wait. Now when they wait as soon as they say hey guys launch the late until we'll take a look tomorrow, 20-four cycle launch delayed for now. Are the guys who are fueling up the rocket like woo, fuel everywhere, fuel here, light it, throw it on fire party, woo, who cares, break open the o-rings. No. Well the fuck would they do that? That would set the launch back even more. They go on maintenance. It's a holding pattern, double check, triple check everything, leave it to the fuck alone, go through the whole cycle again and then we'll take it up tomorrow when the weather went clear and then we launch. Same idea, you may thought your diet was gonna be 12 weeks, but now it's 15 weeks with a three week diet break at some point when you had to go to Japan to your presentation. And during that time you were on maintenance, which is when you come back, you haven't lost any ground. You finish up the last few weeks and it's super success. Instead of just being hey my diet's over for now coming back 10 pounds heavier and being like that was a fun trip, but I really just erased a bunch of progress. That you do not want. Lastly, tip number 10 and we'll see you guys next time for the rest of these. Again, when I started this conversation with you guys, it was pretty clear that you can do all of these things. None of these are like, don't do this, this is how you diet, this is how you don't. They're options. But some of these options get you into more trouble, probabilistically than others. Number 10 is a big deal because here's the thing, if you have junk food at home, if you keep junk food in your home, but you're on diet, you have been for six weeks. Look, you live with other people, you probably don't live alone, if you live alone, but so. Don't be too lonely. Say, your boy is always thinking about you. It's weird, but not in a weird way, but in a little bit of a weird way. Look, a loving way, but too much loving, like a girl from that hugs you a little bit tighter than you hug her, and you're like, you're great, Suzie. In any case, that's how much I love you. That aside. If you're at home alone, let's say there's nobody else involved in it. You can eat your clean meal, you can't. But you're hungry, and you're tired, and you're pissed, and you're diet's almost over any way. And you got a container of Oreos in there. Who's going to stop you? Nobody, literally. On the other hand, if you're someone who lives with other people, where those are your Oreos, but all you have to do is look up the stairs and be like, hey, Jim, he's like, what? Hey, buddy, how's your day, Ben? What the fuck do you want? Okay. Hey, man, you're going to eat those Oreos? No, you're good, man. You can have them. Yes. Oreotype, Oreotype, Oreotype, step on scale, sadness, faith. You don't want that? Is it possible for you to just do your own shit, have your own mega swag, just like Drake, the junk food out of your life, and have success? Yes. But if you're trying to give yourself the biggest advantages, while you're under the most pressure, it is a very good idea for you to let take as a junk as the French say, I'm a native French speaker, native. I was born in France, and a let throw it away, or let give it to his children, or some shit, give it to your driver to somebody else's house. It'd be nice. You're just like, you're just living in a normal best life, and your friends, hey, I brought you a bunch of junk food to you later at the close to the Oreos, like, holy, fuck, all right, fuck Halloween, this is sweet. I don't even have to leave my house. If there's no junk food in the home, when you begin to panic, fuck are you going to do? Go fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, I got to eat something that's off my diet, I'm starving, open your shelf, two liter container of olive oil, uncooked eggs in the fridge with milk, prepped meals, two-dailed broccoli that's soggy. Uh, do you want to do a cheat on that? Not your knife, nobody does that. Somebody drinks oil when they're hungry, unless they're actually starving, which you're not, you're just in a fat-wast diet, you fucking pussy, in any case, cheating is still possible. You can physically get out of your seat, start your car, go to the store, buy junk food, have people in the community, see you buying junk food. Hey, Bill, I thought you were on a diet. Shut up, Frank, get out of my face. Okay, buddy, see you next time. Unlikely, there's a lot of steps in which your cognition has to actively deal with the fact that you were doing a thing you'd hold yourself you weren't going to do. When cheating on your diet is just a matter of just, just, I'm just going to get the snack, I'm going to eat it, I ain't seeing anything, it's easier. When cheating is a matter of being like, I'm going to drive to the store, to cheat on my diet 11 days before it's supposed to be over, I'm successful, I'm not going to do that. Plus, when you're dieting, that hard, you're so fucking tired. You're like, I'm not going to the store, that would mean I have to get up and pick up my keys. Infinite gravity of how fucking heavy they are at this point in my diet, fuck that, I'm just going to stay here and watch TV. 11 pm hits, your nighttime routine shit starts and you're like, huh, they did another day, sleep, that's it. So no, you don't have to remove all the junk out of your home. And if you have children, please don't, because children are like a well balanced diet of some fun snacks. Sorry, dad's on a diet, kids, no more happiness for 12 weeks and it's not cool. But if you can arrange it in some way, especially if you live alone or even if you live with rumies, just arrange your fridge or a little cubby space in some way that doesn't have junk there. And in best case, there's no junk in the house for the next 12 weeks of your diet. And then you can look at RPD coach app, it tells you what to eat the meals, you've already done your bulk meal prep, you eat your prep meals, everything is happy, ish, and then you get super lean and then you were successful and then voila good things happen. Folks, if you have any questions or comments, please shoot them in below. And I'll see you guys, Scott the video guy, what do you think next week? For another episode, the next 10 videos, Scott the video guy is a YouTube thumbnailing and landing genius. So he says we're probably going to space them out. So here's the deal, you guys are going to have to wait and don't blame me, blame Scott the video guy, there's one, one, one, seven maple street, Birmingham Heights, California, you look at the 9, 5, 6, 5, 0, of sending a mail bomb. I'm totally kidding. Is that even really an address? Don't send anybody in mail bomb, what is this? 90s? Anyway, I'll see you guys next time.