You, that's right, you could be making as many as eight mistakes in your lifting that are costing you games. But Dr. Milo Wolf's super sport scientist expert and a man that heals from her majesty's kingdom. His majesty's kingdom of the United Kingdom is going to set you straight. Now potentially knee straight, but my psychiatrist says that's unlikely. Three, two, one, eight mistakes. The first mistake is half reps. You've seen this. I've seen this. You've seen it. Half rep on squats for some reason is the most common like gym-fill nation type of thing. It's probably not as effective as doing a four-engine motion. So a four-engine motion is a great place to be. Four-engine motion is squat, four-engine motion and bench press. All of those will be very effective. Or you can do half reps in the stretch position where we call Lincoln Parshall's. All the way in a full stretch, half way up and repeat. Ever since the length and partial literature came out, a lot of people told Jared and I, let you see you were wrong about Parshall's and we had to comment or twerk that we've seen almost no one ever in the gym brought out on the length and part of the lift. It's almost always the shortened part because it's the easier part. You can lift the most weight in that. If people are doing a super deep stretch and coming halfway up, typically we had no problem with it to begin with. At some point in our careers, we did say that's suboptimal because it wasn't knocking out. It was an activating all the motor units and we were definitely wrong about that. And it turns out, Lincoln Parshall's almost certainly as robust as floor and injury motion. At least as far as we can tell now. But you know, if you're thinking, all partial zero K to denote a length and partial zero K, shortened partials are almost certainly less growth promoting in most cases. And it's also a thing with me is ask yourself why you're doing it. Almost everyone who's ever half squatting to do it because of science or belief in letting shortened partials. They did it because they wanted to impress themselves and other people. And because it hurts to God they're much to go super low. That's it. That's why you're doing partial's mother. This next common lifting mistake is less of a mistake and more of something you may not need to worry about as much as you may think you do. And that's being really really focused about time and attention. In all likelihood for best hypertrophy, you want your sense to take some of between sort of 20 to 70 seconds based on repeat or by work at all. However, chances are if you're doing so between five and 50 reps, you're almost always going to fall in that range. To me, as you get stronger, you realize two things. One from the literature that there is no decrement in how much muscle you gain as your eccentric pace starts to slow down. Three or four second eccentric grows just as much muscle as far as we know as a one second eccentric. However, I'm pure mechanistic inference. Very, very tight logic loop there. The faster you go on the eccentric, the higher the acute probability of injury. So if I can tell you there's a way to train that doesn't have any effect on your growth, but really substantially reduces your injury probability. It probably logically, I'm second or more derivative calculus there. It, it, it, it, it, it, it who's yet to think at least maybe I can control my eccentric a little better. little better. And if I'm doing a lot of weight on a compound exercise, if I take one or two seconds in my eccentric, amazing. We did get a little bit misunderstood and the whole team full-romb situation. People thought we were always advocating a slow-recentric no matter what. The reason we advocated slow-recentric is most of our YouTube videos at the time, where simultaneously coaching people through workouts and teaching them how to connect with their muscles and do the right technique. In a teaching session, a slower eccentric is goded because they can actually correct the path as they go down. A fast eccentric, you're not correcting anything. If you go slow, we can say bring it back a little more, they go bring it forward. So as a teaching tool, a slower eccentric is so great and they radically increase the safety of the exercise. For you take home, that means whatever eccentric you're still under control with and you feel like this isn't really going to hurt me as totally fine. The rest is variation. Have times of the year where you're doing some exercises with three or four seconds eccentric, sometimes in the year where it's one or two, everything in between and it gets totally fine. This next one is messing up your rest times in the gym. There is such a thing as resting both too long between sets and not enough. Resting in less than 60 seconds, you're probably reducing the potency of each individual set. At least on average, for the average individual, for the average exercise. Likewise, they'll resting for more than two minutes between sets. May not on average give you more stimulus per such. There's a reason why there are such a thing as too short of a rest time. And that is, you are not sufficient to be able to stimulate, specifically your fast to twitch motor units in your muscles, which are the ones that grow the most, the parts of your muscles that grow the most. And so we can go through a checklist to see, it have these systems that limit us, gotten enough rest, the probably not going to limit us on the next set. And then as soon as you check list that, you could wait longer and have slightly better performance, but at a pretty big expense of time, you could go right away, risk a little bit of not so impressive performance, but at least you're really condensing all of your training. You're probably going to be out of the gym sooner. So me personally, once that checklist is cleared, it's probably time to go again unless your time is just not very expensive. You like being a gym, staring at hose, I love it, I'm here to stop the video guys naked right now. You guys would never know. I would never leave a gym for a man like that was present. So a couple of things we want to check list one is the muscle itself recovered enough to do another five reps. If you're like, man, I can only do three reps if I rest this long. You've got to rest for longer, five reps is kind of the bottom end, obviously it's an average. Like anything about five is a good hard working set. Another thing you want to concern yourself with is cardiovascular fatigue. Like, am I still breathing so heavy that the next set I'm going to do, I'm going to feel because I'm running out of air instead of my actual quads or limiting me like kind of squat for example. Another one is on neural drive. The do actually feel competent and strong again to be able to do another set. If you look at the Smithing clan bench and your first thought is, and you know that if you rest a little bit longer, you could get eight reps. But if you have to go right now, you get like four because your brain just gives up. That's a real thing. My lord, what about like short rest for deficit dead lifts? Like, you need some guts for that shit. You just not going to do it. So wait until you feel like, okay, I can fight again. And the last one is synergist muscles. If you're doing squats and your quads are ready to go, you're not breathing heavy anymore, but your lower back is so tight that you know you're going to do five reps and then that's going to kick out. Your quads never going to chance to work because your lower back's going to make you feel. Those are the four check marks you want to check and they're not that hard. Let's see, okay? I can definitely do more than five reps. I feel pretty strong. synergists are good and I'm breathing pretty heavy, but not enough that this is going to limit me on this next exercise. I'm ready to go. Here's where this hits the application part. Caff raises, forearm curls. I mean, look 10 seconds in many cases, just literally checks all of them. Rest 30, that you'll be totally fine. But two minutes of rest on calf raises. You see, some people time their rest, which is totally cool, but like my lord, timing two minutes on calf raises rest is like you're just trying to waste your time, right? And then the other end, there are exceptions. Sets of 10 in the deficit debt lift. When you're a 500 pound debt lift or you're going to need five to 10 minutes between each set, since they don't turn into sets of two. Huge range, it's all individual applications. What I would say is if you're not used to reading the signs and signals, start at one to two minutes in your golden. As you get more experience of lifting, you look for the four factor checklist, start to figure out like, I can go again. It's 45 seconds. I'm ready. My delts feel fine. I'm going to feel fine. On the other hand, if you hit two minutes in your silk, in the squat bars loaded, don't go in there and just gas out after two reps. Over on TikTok, another social media platform's I purposely avoided. The new thing is saying that anything will rate reps is totally pointless. For hypertrophy. How many roughly how many studies have illustrated that a variety of reprimandia roughly equivalent hyperdrive? Thousands. Okay. How many studies have clearly illustrated that training on that very heavy end of the spectrum has robust benefits over life? None. Why are we here still? You can definitely take the higher of thing you for. In fact, one mistake I see arguably the most in the gym is when people do higher ups and they reset way too early. Even in the research, we know that people tend to be pretty bad at pushing themselves close to failure when they do higher ups. So we actually conducted the most recent metinoluses including all the studies on the topic, looking at how accurate people's predictions are of how close to failure they are. You put them through a set, mid set, or at some point about the set we asked them, hey, how many more ups can you do? They give us their prediction and they actually push it to failure. The low 12 reps, people are pretty good. With higher ups, because it's lying enough they can come just throw it around from most of the time. And because higher ups tend to cause your way more discomfort, way more burn, way more out of breath. It can be pretty easy to kind of trick yourself into thinking your close to failure. When you're really not. Where you just don't know, like you said, the weight so light, you're like eight, maybe. Yes. Now, that was also seen in metinoluses. So linearly pretty much past 12 reps, people got less accurate. Like by sets of 20 or 30, people were often interested in themselves by five to seven reps. And at that point, if you're five to seven reps off from failure, your growth is going to be heavily compromised. I have two other things that might be helpful. You have to learn to differentiate between the deep, searing kind of stopping friction feeling in your muscle and the overall discomfort. Psychological discomfort, cardiovascular, blah, you got to know like I'm breathing heavy. That doesn't mean the sets over. When your quad start doing this, the sets pretty close to over because it's actually in the muscle. And the second thing I like to do is I love using my reps and the my right match system for this. I'll do sets of 30, quote unquote all the time. But I'll start with a set of 12, a rest of few seconds. And I don't stop at 12 or retireally. I stop when I'm pretty close to failure. I'm sure I'm a few off. But then I do a few more reps rest of a few more reps rest and every time that only I'm getting close to failure. So I'm checking the boxes of failure proximity to those many sets. But I'm actually getting the groove to where I feel like, woo, let me push it a little more. Oh, that was really for sure close to failure. And so I get a bunch of failure approximations. With probably a 20 RM load, but the set takes me 30 a straight set of 30. You'll almost never see me do for the two reasons that I really know of its failure. And also that shit hurts, bro. Who's not that? The final tip I got is week to week. Trying to be more aggressive with your progression for higher upsets compared to heavier sets. Chances over heavier sets, you're ready in red ballpark. With lighter sets pushing it by say an extra two reps every week. At least initially with a new movement for higher up range. Just can't lie to you really quickly at least get in the right ballpark. The next mistake we see all the time is doing too many sets in a single workout. But wait a minute. Isn't it high volume goded for hypertrophy? Kind of is. In fact, for your best hypertrophy, the most recent that analysis suggests you should likely be doing sort of 30 to 40 fractional weekly sets. So back work with counts half a set for your bicep for example. So even though 34 sets might sound insane. It's actually a reasonable one you think that are 20 sets of lots. That's 10 set for biceps. Might only be 20 sets of cross per week. However, doing too much volume in a single workout isn't ideal. And most people who are following a push pull lice routine while also trying to achieve high weekly volumes or poi doing this. Here's where the most recent analysis by Remerton colleagues comes in. They looked at how many sets can you do in a single session for a single muscle and see for their hypertrophy. As you expect, higher volumes were better for hypertrophy. Going all the way to around 10 or 11 fractional sets in a single workout for a single muscle didn't get to my hypertrophy. The past 11 sets it wasn't really clear anymore where that caused any additional hypertrophy. So in a traditional roast split for sure, in a traditional push pull lice routine, where you might be doing, you know, two chest movements, two tricep movements, maybe an overpress. At that point, you're getting up to those sort of 20 sets for triceps and single workout. Those last 10 sets might not be doing all that much anymore and you'd be better off splitting them into more workouts. So if you're currently doing high volumes but you're only training a muscle twice a week, potentially tricep bleeding into three workouts to get at maximum around 10 sets for a single muscle and single workout. That would be a more effective distribution of your volume. One thing I'll say is from a practical perspective, two thing. First, is that an exact number that we know of yet and it's certainly going to be so much varied based on the individual or training experience on and so forth. But just remember that when you've done five or fewer sets per session, you can comfortably do more and still benefit. You can always do high frequency and just do five as a few times a week and be fine, but you can do more up to 10 almost certainly. If you go 10 to 15 in some cases, you might have massive benefits. But if you're doing 15 or 20 sets per muscle per workout, you just might be better off being fresher for those by splitting them up into more sessions for the week. The second thing I'll say about this is that my preferred method or one of them of auto-regulation is to at least just kind of real test it. If you are getting massive pumps and getting sore for days for a muscle, just don't do any more sets in a likely hood. It's probably just going to push your recovery to the limits and not offer a ton of gains. But if you feel like after eight sets of triceps, you don't have a crazy pump, you've done us work on a few times, you feel like the next day. Then yeah, probably go to 12 to 15 and see how that goes. So all of these numbers are really good starting point. Listen to your body intelligently to let you know, am I still here putting in productive sets or have my productive sets ended six sets of go and I'm just spinning my wheels. And the last thing I'll say is a tip I picked up for Mr. Manohenselman's. When you're doing straight sets of an exercise, not a superset or something like that, and you are down to below 50 or 60% of your typical rep strength, it's probably time to go home. So if you can let, let's say, do the flies fresh for, you know, sets of 10 with the 30s. And now your eight exercises deep into your chest day, which lasts a day, you go clock, you punch in, you punch out, you put your union head on. And towards the end of that eight hour reach piano, arm work out, you're doing, you know, the tens for sets of eight, man, all of those fast, you twitch fibers, the typically grow. They're smoking a sick. They got hours out ago. They don't, I don't even do anything. But we know they're doing one thing for sure. You're still adding fatigue. Stimulus, we want to go up. But if the stimulus starts to kind of do this after 10 or 12 or 15 sets, the fatigue still goes up basically in a straight line, possibly more in a straight line, right? Because once you do some degree of muscle damage, your muscles kind of app to take on even more damage after that. So just remember, hit it hard. Somewhere in that five to 10 procession range, maybe more if you can, otherwise, it's time to cool it. And if you really want to train a lot, recover, come back Wednesday or Thursday, that same week, hit it again. Did I say anything wrong? I think that's all. Practically, for every 10 sets you want to do for a muscle, you can week. I would add one training day for that week. Easy. Specializing three or four days a week, my degree, 100%. As we just described throughout the video, the best training for hypertrophy is actually relatively high volume. You can spend a lot of time in the gym and see your benefit. So if you're spending more time on your warm-up than you really need to, you're taking time away from doing productive sets for hypertrophy. The truth is a good warm-up for hypertrophy really doesn't have to take long. In most cases, it should take two to ten minutes in duration. The two to three things a good warm-up hypertrophy really tries to achieve is one, get your body temperature up, two, elevate the target tissue temperature. So it's actually the body parts of training and three, a crew the potential we call in the research, host activation, performance and handsome effect. That's fancy talk for essentially doing a heavy set before you have hypertrophy or you can oftentimes enhance your performance on the subsequent sets. We can up your nervous system pretty much. So that can really easily be achieved in a few steps. One, if you're walking to the gym or cycling to the gym, like a European, chances are your body temperature is already up, you can still skip that step. If it's not a couple minutes on a treadmill or a relatively high rep set on the actual movement, is enough to do that. Two, elevating the target tissue temperature. Therefore, for example, you're bench pressing, just doing a set of ten reps, I'd say like 40 percent of your max, work with the bar, anything of that sort will be enough to elevate the body temperature and the tissue temperature sufficiently. Finally, for the post activation, performance and handsome effect, it seems like just doing one to three reps with between around 70 to 90 percent of your max or anywhere between around your 12 to 15 reps and you're sort of like three reps max. Anything that's in that realm of how heavy it is is enough to elicit an effect. Where slets to the gym? You can always strip down when you're pumping in juicy. It baffles me how many people show up to the gym. No offense with the tank top and they're not even pumped. What is the point of a tank top if you're not jazzed up? But on a serious note, where sweatpants, where sweatpants get through your first couple of warm upsets on your exercise, even your first couple of working sets, then you can always pull the sweat shirt off, your warm everything's great. The other tip is I like to use the 12-8-4 system. It's just easy to remember. 12 reps with your 30 rep max, rest a little bit, a set of eight with your 20 rep max, and then it's so four with roughly your 10 rep max. And then the next set, you just do your actual work set. Normal amount of rest a few minutes between each one, one to two minutes, and you're good to go. That's for the first exercise for that muscle group for the day. Afterwards, I take a page out of J. Cutler's book. He actually coined a term back in the day called Feel Sets. It was like, you just got finished benching. Now it's in Climbs on Bell Time. You know, you're pretty big. You're pretty strong. The dumbbells feel really misgrewed. If the first couple reps are strange, and that costs you a cost you a little bit of your set. It's a probability injury that's tiny, but also bigger than you want. So what he would do is he would just do one set of weight. That was pretty close to the weight he wanted to use just to feel it out. A set of four reps, maybe a set of eight reps just really grooving and be like, okay, now I'm ready. It costs you an extra minute, but if you're bigger and stronger and you're worried about injuries, it's going to make that first set feel think amazing. Do you have to do all the time? No. On some exercises, you'll need more than a few feel sets. At least more than one. For example, you just got down high bar squat and for four sets. Now with leg press time, you're leg pressing six hundred pounds. I put just go and put six hundred pounds on there and just hit it for a work set. I probably wouldn't even go hit it for a set of five. I'd probably do like a set of four to six reps with like three or four hundred pounds, and then a set of two to three reps with six hundred pounds, rest a little bit, and then get to it. So if you're really big and strong, you do need a few more warm up, but the number of reps per warm up really curtail. One thing I don't like to see, and this is actually the benefit of mine for like forever, is the same reps all the way through multiple sets warm up to work set. So I've seen lots of even pro body builders do this to get on the leg press. 135 pounds for a set of 10, 225 for 10, 315 for 10, 415 for 10, 495 for 10, 585 for 10, 675 for 9 to failure, rack, and then they're like, that's it. We're done leg pressing. Just spend most of your work out warming up with the, because going on, do 12, 8, 4, then put six 75 on the bars. Matter of fact, your four was with 675, and do four high quality sets on the leg press. You get way more stimulus, not as much fatigue, probably, or maybe similar fatigue, and then at the time spent is like half. That to me is the craziest thing when you can't tell someone's set is a warm up set or a work set, you have a big problem. Our final mistake is worrying far too much about overtreating. Now, there are instances where overtreating is absolutely concerned. But in the context of training in the gym, 90% of the people watching this or more should likely be worried about under training, not overtreating. For one, we have next to no instances in the literature of people overtreating, even with protocols as ridiculous as doing like 5 to 10 max out every day on the school. So 5 to 10 of one or Amazon on the squad. Additionally, when you look at the literature on volume and proximity failure, one thing that becomes exceedingly clear is that the best training for hypertrophy is actually quite hard. We're talking infractional sets, weekly volumes of duty to 40 sets, maximizing hypertrophy. In terms of proximity to failure, going closer to failure, generally leading to more growth. And even some indication that training passed failure just on a set-percept basis also increases growth. So if you're doing a regular program, relatively normal volume, relatively normal proximity to failure, cathes or you're not going to overtreat. We define overtreating as a consistent, reduction in train performance, lasting months, and is also difficult to reverse out of. That's not really anyone in the gym I've ever met. What you're looking for is not overtraining. That's way too late. You're looking for overtaking. Overreaching is when you temporarily exceed your recovery capabilities. And overreaching in the hypertrophy space has some signs and symptoms. The number one sign in symptom is are you unable to match your weight and reps from last week for at least two sessions for that muscle group in a row on every or almost every exercise. So if you're inclined as down this week, but your dumbbell presses up, you're probably not overreached. If both are down and then you come in later that week and your pushups and dips are down substantially, then you're probably overreaching. Maybe you're not, but it's safe that it's a good time to take a deal. You lose pretty much nothing taken a deal or it's all games you get your mojo back. There are a couple of other correlates there that could be useful. But remember performance is number one. If you're feeling like the typical workouts even though you're eating and resting, aren't giving you the same pumps. You feel kind of deflated. If usually you're really motivated to go to the gym and you love it and you feel psychologically defeated. If you're more afraid of your workouts, then you are ready to conquer them and your performance is falling off. It's time to push off the pedal. You're definitely not overtrained, but you're probably overreached. If you did this for weeks and weeks, you could get overtrained, but overtraining sometimes you can't even recover from ever. You don't want to go into that zone. So when you can no longer push the pace and you feel kind of up all over and your motivation has gone and you're getting weaker session the session for the same muscle and probably for most muscles. If not all of them, it's time to cut it off, take an easy week, feel your mojo again, eat plenty of food, come back and just crush the shit when you come back, start nice and easy and work your way back up. That's how to make sure you're both not overreaching too much, definitely not risking overtraining, but on the other hand, you want to know that you have to push yourself in order to get the best gains. So if you are doing, let's say, eight sets per muscle, per session twice a week, 16 total, and you're getting close to failure and you're strengthest stable and even moving up a little bit and every time you train your muscles heal soar us wise a few days before you train again, you feel strong, next time do nine sets and then do 10 and then do 11 next week and the week after that do 12, if you're a performance of stable and or climbing a little bit, which in a properly periodized plan, it should be climbing a little bit, if you could still progress and you still feel decent, man, just keep going and that's one last thing I'll say. There's a lot of people just start feeling the burden of how hard hard training is and they'll be like, oh, I'm overtrained, one of my least favorite note detectors of overtraining, which isn't real, it's just a myth in the evidence-based space is people be like, are you feeling sore? What the f- I get sore on Monday and I'm sore all the way till Thursday where I hit it again and I'm all the way sore, I'll sunday this happens six weeks into a, in a mesocycle, my entire 26 years of training, that's totally fine. The question is when you come to the gym, can you hit your numbers again and then some? If the answer to that is yes, keep going, keep eating, keep training, keep grinding. If you progress as ground to a halt and you feel like shit and you're feeling like diffused joint pain and at the same time you are feeling kind of like defeated for the process of training, you know, it's probably time to back off, but remember backing off every few weeks anyway, is just a good safety precaution and costs no downside. One thing we know reliably from the literature is that if you de-load every five or six weeks versus if you don't de-load for 20 weeks, you get the same results. So if I told you have to train the easy for one week and get the same results, I mean, you're yellow and training, everything's going well, get go trained, don't de-load, but if you're like, man, I really feel like I need to de-load, you're not going to miss out on gains. We know this through science. Well, folks, that was really fun. Wow, I got a lot of lighted a lot of learning and I know what I've been doing wrong and I mean in life and training, I'm fine, it's just a lot of life's not going my way. Milo, any life advice for the people before we sign off? If you don't try to flow with me after this shoot, I'll be very disappointed. You know, as a race-court driver once said, she don't go for a gut that exists, you're no longer a driver, so translate that to you touching me after this shoot. See you guys next time.