Hey folks, Dr. Mike here, really interesting topic of discussion for today more of a little bit of a philosophical situation for you. When is drug use in sport cheating? And how bad is that sort of thing? You get a lot of comments. Let's say somebody like Larry Wheels posts a video and inevitably someone says, yeah, but steroids. And someone will say, yeah, man, he's cheating. It sucks. It's a shortcut. And then if you're reasonably intelligent, you start thinking, uh, interesting. Is what he's doing cheating? Is he being tested? Is there some kind of competition or other people tested? And you start to realize that this moral landscape of using drugs and cheating can be quite complicated. But not so complicated, I think we can peel the support in the next, you know, 10 to 30 minutes depending on how many rants I get in and irrelevant jokes that are funny to no one, including me. So as I see it, the moral landscape with drug use and cheating in sport has kind of two things going on that are quite separate. And often get confused, but are very, very distinct. One is cheating the law. So you cheated by violating it with regard to drug use, the jurisdiction you're in. Let's say the country says, you know, let's say stero use is illegal. You choose to use anyway and you are thus violating the law. And that absolutely is a form of cheating. And no matter what the law is, it makes a lot of sense to understand that breaking the law, breaking any formal codified rule in society is a form of unethical conduct in and of itself, because the very act and ethos of a rule-based order is itself. It's self has a moral worth. Not breaking rules. No matter what they are, is generally a better thing, unavoured. If you really trickle down to what morality is, then just being like bucket, I just like rules rules, maybe rules are made to be broken. Like that's not such a good thing. The average behavior on any system with a set of rules, if you code one type of individual actor and game theory that typically follows the rules and one that typically does not. Generally, the rules-based system will just be better for everyone if more people follow the rules. On average, of course, like if you live in North Korea, breaking the rules is a matter of survival and in the samely really ethical, but in most cases, breaking laws generally not something to pack yourself in the back for. So there is that. Just breaking the law by itself is a little bit not so great ethically and that's not to us, right? So taking drugs when they are illegal, technically an ethical to some some extent. But in the grand scheme, not a huge moral lapse if it hurts nobody, but you, or even not you. So if you take 30 days cycle of animals or something before a trip to the beach and you look nice at the beach, nobody lost nobody found. And if someone's like, you're a fucking criminal, I'm technically correct. But also exactly who did I hurt here? And the answer is literally no one. And what are called consensual crimes or victimless crimes is a real thing. And so yes, nominally you did. You are cheating in some certain way, you're doing something that's not so ethical, but the degree of its immorality is insanely low in many cases. So that's something to remember. So it is also something to remember when you go vote. And like, you know, should we make right performance enhancing drugs have the same kinds of punishments as like fentanyl or some kind of drug that'll make you go out and stab people in the face in the street to try to get more. Gee, you know, that's a tough sell because there's just no epidemic of people who take performance enhancing drugs destroying society or the lives of others. This is not a thing that happens with, it happens with a frequency that's 100,000 times lower per use rate than alcohol. And that shit is legal. I'll get off that high horse shortly, but it is definitely a wrong you're doing wrong, but it's a very, very small. And it actually doesn't necessarily, essentially at all with sport because I know I noticed that it didn't mention sport at all. That's what number two is four. So the second case in which there's second kind of cheating to do with performance enhancing drugs is cheating other competitors in sport. By using band drugs and substances to get the competitive edge for the same reason that breaking the law is bad in a let's say a society or country and nation-state of jurisdiction because breaking rules is generally bad on average as its own action. It's also bad to break Federation rules when you cheat even if it doesn't fuck over any other athletes. For example, let's say it's a competition of 10 people. And the nine people next to you in competition all run 10 seconds hundreds or faster and you run a 16 second hundred. Which I think you can walk a hundred and 16 seconds or something you're jogging. And you gear up to the fucking moon to run a 14 second hundred and you still take that last. Technically you didn't fuck anybody else over. Your gear use your performance enhancement didn't affect any other competitors. They're placing their sponsors. But you still did something wrong because you're lying instead of a bitch because the work governing body Federation invited you to compete. And you agreed when you signed the shit that you weren't going to take anything they said you weren't allowed to take. So you still did a bad bad but it's not the same kind of bad as if you fuck other competitors. So yes, it's bad to break the rules. But also the real bad is when you break the rules to actively fuck other people of shit they had due to them. For example, you are going to take fourth without gear. The top three people who get medals didn't take gear. You took gear and now you're ranked two. You bumped one person completely off the metal stand and one person would have gotten silver's now getting bronze. That's fucked up. You're cheating hurt other people. Not hurt in the physical sense. It took something that was due to them. That is pretty fucking a moral. You're ripping people off of titles and play things and potentially sponsorships and all that are the crazy kind of shit. It's a bad thing you're doing. But it's a bad thing that is shaded in grace. All of the grays are bad but the darker ones are, you know, or the lighter ones depending you can see if it are the really bad things and there's some other shades in which you're like, it's bad but it's not that bad. The real study and thought about morality is not ones and zeros. This is moral. This is a moral. That's what you tell children. When people grow up to be adults, you say, well, some things are really, really, really fucking a moral and you shouldn't do them. Some things are cheesy, you know, just barely. You just put something to you. They're convincing reasons that folks like Sam Harris have described for why you should never lie. But if the CIA catches you with known people who have a tactical nuclear weapon, they're going to detonate New York City and you lie about where it is and, you know, 5 million people die, you did a real bad thing by lying. If the fat guy at work is denophitnessed program and he comes behind, he's like, I lost 15 pounds and I released 300 instead of 15. If you're like, oh, Bob, you look fucking great. You're lying. He still looks like a fat piece of shit. But she was, you know, who did you hurt with that one? This all kinds of really on the margins talk. We could say about, well, you're setting up his expectations for later, Bob, Bob, but in reality, that there's, you guys can illustrate there's huge shades of gray. And those same, the big spectrum of shades of gray, you know, 50 shades of gray better pay us for plugs, right? Scott the video guy. I'm saying what was that movie about? It's like S&M or whatever. And the fash shit was in reverse. You boy'd be all up in that shit. But anyway, I want to be a little intern for the CEO. I think that's what he's about. In any case, big shades of gray even in the context of cheating in sport. So let's open up that big old can of worms and see what the worms look like. So couple scenarios, one, two, three, four, five. Five scenarios that all are starting, I think from no problem at all, no moral ethical problem all the way up to like your piece of shit should really reconsider what the fuck you're doing. First, and all of these by the way, involved drug use. So we can say that equating drug use to a bad thing automatically is a non-starter and here's why. S&M number one, drugs are legal in the country in which you're using them or in the jurisdiction which are using them and the sport Federation doesn't test they don't care. Pro body building in Thailand. You can go by steroids at the fucking pharmacy in Thailand. Nobody gives a flying fuck. And if it's pro body building and it's not natural pro body building, just regular pro body building, they do. Nobody cares. Everyone's on drugs. Nobody gives a shit. The verdict there is that that is ethical on all grounds. You were doing nothing wrong. So if you're at the gym in Thailand, pump them up full of steroids and training and someone's like fucking cheater, you could be like, check out your speaking. I'm not here by leaning any log whatsoever. You know, and if they can understand that, you've been learned a lot of nerds. In any case, that's absolutely a way to be doing drugs and they are not damn thing wrong with that and it's just between you, your health and God. That's it. Next scenario that gets into the grave. That was purely all clear, all good to go. Drugs are illegal in your jurisdiction. Let's say your country, but the sport federation still doesn't test. Perfect example, professional body building in the United States. Generally, United States is illegal to use a lot of the sport performance enhancing drugs that are used in pro bodybuilding. But in pro bodybuilding, they just don't care. Nobody asked nobody answered, no tests, nothing like that. There is not even the implication of being drug-free. So the verdict on that is it's definitely unethical with respect to legal obedience. Again, breaking the law by itself can be caricatured in many valid ways to be at least a little bit and but it is quite ethical with respect to sport competition because you know, gee, you can imagine like seeing a pro bodybuilder like, he's going to the bathroom off stage and a pro bodybuilding show and you're like, fuck, cheater, he's like, what, how do I cheat? Wait, what do you mean? Did I stand too close in front of the judges that I spike the other guy's drink with salt? You're like, no man, you're using steroids. He's like, oh boy, have you been in the show? No, like come on in and I'm like, oh shit everyone's on the shit. Well, like, it's an even playing field in that regard. So definitely, uh, it key not great to be proud of breaking the law in your country. You can think of a country as kind of we're all in the same team trying to work for the same general purpose and breaking the rules and spad. You've been out terrible, but certainly not something to proud of, but on the sport front there is no sport cheating going on. Okay, again, new, if you tell, you know, uh, could cut, if you come up to, you know, how did you pun, you know, Mr. Olympian, you're like you're cheating at sport with bodybuilding drugs. You'd be like, I'm sorry, do you know what cheating means? Have you seen the sport? So definitely not a concern there. Now, uh, scenario number three, the Federation prohibits drug use. We're going to take the legal stuff aside. You guys already know that. It's all it's either legal or illegal and slightly immoral or or totally fine. Just focusing it on sport now. The Federation prohibits drug use, but cheating is commonplace. Perhaps almost ubiquitous. Perfect example is internet, national professional cycling is wholly fucking shit. I saw at least one paper quite well done mathematically, where they estimated that the first time you get to a 50 50 chance of finding a drug-free cyclist is at the time this was in, um, 2010s. Uh, it was ranked 700 on the international pro list. Holy fuck, that means everyone ranked 699 in above has a greater than 50% statistical chance of being on drugs. So you can imagine the top 10, wow, it would be highly unlikely to find somebody who's drug-free. So the verdict for this is technically an ethical because you are breaking sport Federation rules, but of a very, very low magnitude, you are absolutely trying to get an edge on your opponent, but your opponent is using pretty much the same technologies to get an edge. It is an arms race, but it's one that looks like this. It's hard to say that, you know, when people got upset, for example, with Lance Armstrong for cheating and every single fucking cycling race, you've ever done, um, you know, people are like, oh, how could he? It's like, do you know what you're, do you know what pro cycling looks like? They nanning, there's not a goddamn person within fucking eyesight of him that's not fucking using drugs. So gee, you know, it's a different landscape than if, well, preview some of the stuff we're going to talk about just a bit where the cheating is much more straightforward, much clear, it's much more fucked up. So do I have like a ton of love and respect for this kind of cheating? No, not even close. Is it itchie? Yeah, fuck it. It's fucking the whole thing is, uh, but, um, is it this huge magnitude of moral wrong? No, it's blood. It's not great. But it's not the worst thing in the world. You guys know what I'm saying? Um, I'll tell you something, personally, for me, clearly, I'm not fucking drug free. Uh, and uh, later in my life, I will absolutely be drug free. I can hate using the shit. I'm just using a toboddy bill. They fucking hate all this shit. It's involved with it. But, uh, I'm also a competitive jujitsu grappler right now. I have my brown belt and I've competed a ton before. You have never seen me in an IBJJF competition and you never will. Why? Because I'm your GF is like proscycling, uh, steroids are banned, but they test almost no one, almost never. And they, um, will pop up person here in there a few years. It's a big controversy that it goes away. So a ton of the guys at the top, do you guys say many? Are, um, do you guys say the majority of your other? Or, you know, they're taking tons of gear or maybe not tons, but some, like some. And so is it terrible when like the guy who wins jujitsu worlds is on steroids? Like, uh, you know, people are, of course, got rhymes on steroids. Like, yeah. So are all those guys that compete in that drug tested fed and actually to Gordon's, uh, huge credit. I don't, he didn't, just really compete in IBJJF anymore. And, uh, because I guess it's too soft for him or whatever. And also, like, when he did compete in IBJF, he looked like he was on gear at the time at the very least. So it's kind of like, you know, Gordon's on gear. You could tell. And so it's one of those things where, you know, you can't say it's a huge deal, but it's itching enough for me for me to never do it. So I'm never going to compete in drug tested sport of any kind because I have used drugs and they change you sort of forever. So that's just something on my own personal mind. This is how I think about the matter in my own regard. All right. Next up, the Federation prohibits drug use, sport governing body. So as drug use is no, no, no, way, no. And cheating is rare. So an example this is natural body building in the United States. Right now, I have a job for you. I want you to go into the comments and tell me how full of shit I am and how I'm new to the game and I'm a fucking doop and tell me about every single drug free natural body building in the United States is actually on boat loads of gear and make sure to tip the hat to grandma and to your porn collection because you're 15 years old, you live at home and you don't get no idea what's going on. I'm totally kidding on all of this grads. I know I'm going to get a ton of hate for this, but I do actually believe, but at least a very large fraction of drug free body building in the US actually is drug free. But so yes, everyone's on drugs blah, blah, blah save that shit for another time or just go in the comments and hit it up. But when at least a large fraction of the people are drug free and a sport governing body says drugs are not something you can use. Cheating is pretty fucking unethical. Like if you are doing like the fucking WNBF Pro worlds or whatever, drug drug tested Federation and you use fucking drugs to like take third place in that or whatever, what the fuck is wrong with you. Just go and compete and untested body building you stupid idiot, fucking pathetic and if you say whatever, what else is on drugs, it's probably not true. You're just an excuse making fuck pussy. I got nothing else to say to you. And rent. Okay, I'm sure Scott's video guy you think we're getting a comments about that whole rentness. Oh, geez. All right, so enjoy that. Um, lastly, the most in my view, unethical possible way to cheat with drugs and sport has to do the following. The Federation has a tested arm and an untested arm and has an arm in which you can use drugs and don't care. They'll drink the shit. Whatever you do back there and an arm in which drug testing is there and it's strict and you can't do it. If you take drugs and cheat then go into the tested arm. There is a special place in pussy ass hell for you. What the fuck is wrong with you? Compete with the drug people if you're going to take drugs. There's literally an arm for you to do all your fucking dirtiest. Why am I saying this? Because it happens. I was in and there's a powder Federation. I'm sure it's still around. It's called the APF. Great fed. And there's an arm of it called the APF, which is the drug free version. And it's great lifting all around. It's quite powder-lifting great stuff. And there was a guy once who must have the Ziggden's act around that drug test. He was in the APF. The drug test that on jacked out of his fucking mind. He was like 40 something and veins all over his face down his neck. Red, the reddest person I've he made liver King look like pale white dude. Red as fuck. Vines every all need jacked. Red on drugs. Okay, I've been around a while on fucking drugs. I wouldn't even make eye contact with the guy. This is back when I was drug free. I'm like, what the why? Why go any oh he did real well beating drug free people. The lowest bottom of pathetic. Unbelievable. That is for sure an ethical really fucking lame. Definitely don't do that. Right? Which brings me to kind of wrap up this whole situation. That's the moral landscape as I see it. I'm sure I missed a couple of things here and there, but hopefully you guys can ask some questions or make some comments below and let me know like hey, like what about this one about that? I would sure love to respond. I think in my view, the most important moral imperative is to not hurt anyone or take anything from someone that they were to. That's really like the very, very core of most moral systems and more reasoning. Everything else breaking rules that hurt nobody, breaking rules in a way that doesn't affect other people at all with placings and stuff. That can be shaded in gray. There's lots of shades of gray. For example, you could say, well professional cycling, there's some drug free people in there that you are fucking over a few drugs. That's true. It's just marginal. There's a way fewer. In natural body building, there's way more people are drug free, but some of the guys are on drugs. So if you take drugs you're in natural body building. You do it a very bad thing, but technically you're beating some other cheater. It's less bad. Lots of shades of gray there. I would just say, make your own moral choices. Do stuff you can live with because sleeping at night as a mother fucker. It's really great. You don't want to do anything for short-term winnings or pride that makes you feel less than afterwards. Is it cool to win stuff? Yes. Is it cool to win stuff when you had to cheat you way to do it? My answer for me is fuck no. Your answer for you could be more complicated on the margins, but remember that like, you don't want to do anything that lives you for a while. I'm saying, I've seen John Wick. I know how demons can get you. In any case, folks, let me know what you think below. And I will see you next time.