We've spoken about this some safer use model. There's certainly no safe way to use PDs in the manner by which that we use them for the outcomes that we're going for. It's impossible, you know, and we all know the bodybuilding is a long game. I think maybe if I had to characterize it, as anything, it'd be still getting you to the same place, but reducing some risk and negative health costs along the way. Joe Jeffrey, who is he daddy and what does he do? No, I promise I would say that at some point. Hopefully it's funny, guys. Joe, who are you? And why are the hell are you on this podcast? Well, firstly, thank you very much for having me, Mike. I appreciate it. We are, we took the long trip to come out, so it's certainly worth it. As is Mike Wright, police said, my name is Joe Jeffrey. In one line, for Z coach, actually in one month, it's been a decade. Wow. Yeah, decade of coaching competitors. So that's still my main gig. I still want to do most of the time. We also have for Z collective the app. What all of our educational stuff goes on, I run that with Mike's strong. I feel like this is terrible already. Yeah, it's awful. You're the fucking year of the worst guess we ever had. So, um, yeah, you're one of my top go two guys and one of the worst top go two guys. And by one, I mean, one of two and really just, pretty much the best at everything related to this entire field. Yeah, you're not here by accident. Where is your accent from? You from Ohio or something? I am from England. I'm from the Midlands, specifically, no fountain. No of Ampton. No fountain. Now, what kind of lot are you folk over there? What kind of lot? Yeah, that's right. I said it was something so like, you know, like, are you a misjurvists, rabble routers or you criminally prone? How much of picky blinders is true? The people want to know. No way far away from picky blinders town. Oh, shit. That's a Birmingham. So I come and mandate that we go over this. He seems to be your camera man, just a bit rough guy. I think. Well, he's a juicist who wipe them. Oh, oh, one stripe. Yeah. I knew I saw something in his eyes. Yeah. I'm a wipe up. That's all. Oh, yeah, you're doing the jitzing. Yeah. I mean to strike wipe though. I'm amazing. I'm amazing. Yeah, I've been training for about a year. Very good. Yeah. We got to maybe get a roll while he's. I did actually bring a couple of rashguards. I'm amazing. Yeah. Let's do it. You've got a, you've got Matt Seren. You've got a jeep to have Matt's in the room right over there. Okay. Yeah. I'm ready to get some of you guys. Oh, please. I'm mostly useless. We were talking about that on the way over here. Like, be like rollin with a boulder. It's strange. I think it's worth me. Yeah. A boulder that fights a laden has terrible, like smell. Yeah, that's not a special weapon. Yeah. It's a very close to you, but you don't want him close to you. Yeah. I certainly never rolled with anybody that is remotely your shape. No way. Well, no, because you're rolled with like bigger guys. Yeah. But like, you know, if you ever rolled with somebody so large that you can't touch your knees to the floor when you're mountain. Yes. Yeah. So he didn't ultra have he. So that's the way guys. Yeah. But I've never rolled with a muscular person. Yeah. You know, James might be the most muscular person. Yeah. He's a little jacked. He's pretty changed. X men's physique competitor. And from Bramdenham, which is from Peaky Blind, is that something like that? Nothing. Have you been scouting upset yet? Have you visited Birmingham when you know, no, we go to the only place in England that matters. Well, London leads me leads and getting London. I've never minted leads. Now, how dare you? There's tons of great people from leads like. And I can't think of this exactly. Anyways, um, you are known for many things. One of them is having an eclectic. Ordination of pastries. Yes. You can do your psychological analysis. Very hireable person. Oh, yeah. Front facing customer job. Yeah. A Walmart store representative. But outside of that, you dabble in something called the safer use model of enhancement. What is the safer use model? How does that make sense? Why are you a proponent? What are the other ways people go about taking drugs, putting them in the radius to try to make the muscles bigger? Yeah, we've spoken about this term quite a bit. This safer use model. And I don't know, I'm certainly not the first person to use that phrase. And I don't know if I would because of what it sort of turned into. What do you prefer? And maybe it's hard to say, maybe harm reduction, harm reduction. Yeah, because when people hear the words safer use model, I think they infers safe. If they don't have the ER at the end. Yeah. So there's certainly no safe way to use PDs in the manner by which that we use them for the outcomes that we're going for. It's impossible. You know, there is absolutely a deleterious cost no matter what way you go about it. If you're going to use super physiological levels of any pharmaceutical medication, you can expect that there's going to be a deleterious health cost. But safer, yes, it does make sense. But I think there was just industry issues with people using that terminology. And I think it also alongside it inferemate safe. I think it also, in my experience, turned a lot of people off to the message. Because we're outcomes driven before anything else. Getting jacked as the point. Yeah. And I think maybe if I had to characterize it as anything, it would be still getting you to the same place that you're trying to get to. But reducing some risk and negative health costs along the way. Sure. You know, rather than I think people here say for use model and they think maybe TRT dad, right, which might be like 300 million times. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know, that's not the only thing you guys do. No, no. Matt Handel's most of that kind of stuff. You know, if you look at my cohort of clients, I'll compare to those. The majority of them pros, people on national stage or limpious stage, whatever stage. It's not like drug models for people that don't really want to do the thing properly. Right. It's more so maybe taking what we know works because it's not hard to generate a works model. You know, taking enough of anything for enough stuff. Right. It's going to work. Yeah. And many times it's not even about reducing exposure to let let's say if we characterize that as total milligrams. If somebody is running two grams of antibiotics, the safer use model may not be taking less at all. It may be just restructuring a stack design to be more favorable to support health outcomes as compared to whatever it was that they were doing with significant reliance on and deliveries or something like that. Yeah, I guess the way I can caricature it is the following at any given total dose and thus total effect on your body of like steroid and other performance and answering drug intake. We can arrange the drugs and choose the specific drugs to balance well with each other such that even though the doses are the same and the outcome on the physique is very similar. Some of these arrangements promote less of a degradation of psychological health and physical health, some substantially less. And some are even arrangeable in ways that are synergistic. And so you can actually take a little bit less total stuff and get the same results you would have with a bit more total stuff, but way less significant harm and thus that only is the harm better being lower just because you probably don't want to die or have really bad health really soon. But also because and this is something I learned from mentor of mine, Bratara Chavez, someone who does something similar to what you do is it's not a trade off of health versus performance. Health is the underpinning of performance. If you're truly in bad health, you can sort of forget about pushing performance. So is that a fair summarization of what sort of the goals are with your approach? Yeah, I think you summarized the sort of key indicators of what most people would see the the safe use model as well. Maybe what we would want to sort of quote unquote prescribe the people pay attention to. Yeah, whether it be stacked design of hydrogen use between specific amount of and justane, DST derivatives maybe 19 or endrogens, various metabolic pathways. It's want to say metabolic pathways. You know, we're looking at more things than just the endrogens receptor rate, growth for moon, insulin, maybe, PPAR, maybe met forming things like that. Because it seems and to provide clarity on this, we don't know for sure because there's no good long term data wrong. Polypharmacy using body builders, you know, it it seems from anecdote and just speaking mechanistically about the pharmacology that turning up a single dial aggressively appears to lead to let's say for the same total net anibalism, for example, turning up one dial aggressively versus multiple dials modestly for the same total net anabolic outcome appears to lead to more favorable health outcomes for the same to protein accretion you can share for the same level of getting jacked. On that note, what are your general approaches to steroid use types, dosages and then so on? Like let's say someone comes up to you and they say, I'm willing to take one gram of gear, a thousand milligrams of steroids per week, be they some combination of oral and injectable, be they any kind of steroid and what I want to do, they they say is I just want to take the next X, Y, Z, 16 weeks or something to grow high quality muscle in a slight color or surplus. Just on the steroids, I'd just want to re-ass this question on the answer. Okay, what what do we talk about as a good first move for you? You know, obviously you, blood work check responses talked to the individual, you know, all that. They just give us a real basic understanding of what that could look like because your answer could be like gets a thousand milligrams of DACA, see you in 16 weeks, some people say. And then maybe there's a more nuanced approach that has a little bit of testosterone, a bit of pre-mo, why the pre-mo, why the master on so on and so forth. So what is, what is kind of an approach that if someone told you, hey, I'm using a thousand total and here's how I'm doing it, you'd be like, oh, that actually makes plenty of sense. First is one that would just be like, why are you doing that? Right. So you said that they're already currently using that one thousand milligrams. They're going to be using it soon. Okay. They're already currently using it. They're currently using it. Yeah, no ramp required. Oh, no, yeah. So currently using and they're like, hey, is this right? How would a correct guess on your understandings look for them? And what would be some really incorrect guesses at what you'd be like, you need to change all this right? Yeah, obviously for context, there probably would be some form of titration that would lead to that kind of juicing and if they were not just staying there, I would imagine that would be there's what we would call like a peak hydrogen exposure. Yes. You're generally what you'd work up to over the course of a macro cycle. So we're talking purely stacked design for this individual. If they did have some comprehensive history on what that tolerance to total test or stone was, that would be really useful. Sure. Let's say it's a gram. Let's say they fuck with a gram. Ever since we've tested a gram of overall antigens and from their experience, they don't they can't really tell which ones are doing what they just want to take the right stuff so that under the hood, all the right stuff's working. They don't know what effects of blood work. They hypothetically feel fine on anything between a gram of, you know, DACA, even fuck it, let's say they can handle a gram of trend. But like blood work wise, how was your blood work on that? There are no idea, probably bad if they don't know. So if they use some sort of multiple lung regions, I would strip it back to a pretty basic, just testosterone and a DHT derivative. What's a DHT derivative and what are they exactly? So a DHT derivative to keep it super basic is a molecule that's been derived from DHT. It's not DHT, though, this is key. It doesn't act like DHT. A lot of people confuse things like mass-drawn and premabola, which are both DHT derivatives to be the same as DHT. For example, in the hair loss debate, you know, because we know DHT, which means dihydrotestosterone is responsible for a good portion of angogeneic halapation, all of it though, angogeneians in and of themselves play a part, scalp inflammation, etc. We won't get into that. But DHT derivatives like premabola and mass-drawn are excellent choices when it comes to, we say reasonable amount of safety data. They're both approved for human use, they're both used in clinical settings. We've got decades of high quality literature of their use in humans, which is generally what I would prefer when it comes to compound selection to be able to draw some reasonable will say outcome-based assessments. I'm not a fan of research chemicals in general, but I would say you can based it on your own personal research. I wouldn't personally want to use something that has maybe made it to a single trial in a rodent. Better to use something with many human trials. Yeah, ideally. Okay. There would be a DHT derivative in there and we'll come on to the reasons to why that would be. And there would be testosterone in there. So testosterone, at least in my opinion, chief fundamental molecule of any good stack design. And actually for context, if we're going to outline face-specific goals, is this a massing phase? Did you say? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. So testosterone for the resultant DHT and extra dial, extremely important for your health, extra dial specifically, extremely important for your physique and your performance as well. But massively important for your health, extra dial is so important. And when I say, extra dial, we just call my estrogen here. Yeah. The aromatization of testosterone into each of your gym, but estrogen is fantastic. You know, it's neuroprotective, cardio-protective, renal protective. A lot of the relevant toxic outcomes of angiogens, estrogen can directly moderate. So with one, estrogen as high as possible, and I'll put a caveat on this, in the context of the overall stack design. So we're thinking about the angiogen to estrogen ratio here, not only the total blood serum, extra dial. So if we had this 1000 milligrams, we'd really be saying, we want as much of that to be testosterone as possible. And some portion of it, whatever is necessary to manage the angiogen-eatrogen ratio to be filled up with that DHT derivative, what kind of science would you see in someone that showed you, it's time to back up on the testosterone and time to the raw energy, achieve derivative that does not convert to estrogen at high levels. The most common one is like some onset of gyna, gyna, nipple sensitivity, swelling, but blood pressure increases as well. Extra celly, leflopotentage, there's another one. Emotional issues, sleep disturbances are pretty standard. I think emotional issues just higher estrogen cards. Normally, mood swings just having a lot of feelings. Well, it could be high emotion, high anxiety is a pretty typical high students into but it's also high-endred in symptoms. So sure, it's hard to say we're kind of in neuro disruption would have there. But mood swings in general, but it's normally going to relate it in my opinion. Okay. But anyway, I'll just provide some context on that. So it's not simply about just letting your estrogen run wild. But there's everybody is going to have a biologically into individual, androgen to each gym ratio that they work best at. And they vary wildly between individual. So it's really hard to say, and this is one of the problems when it comes to putting things on social media, you can't say like, here's the best kind of stack design is like, no, it's because I've got clients that can absolutely tolerate a gram of testosterone, no DHC derivative, no problem, feel great, perform bay. Great. Other clients, 300 milligrams, and now need 700 milligrams of a DHC derivative. Yeah. But a key thing here is, well, let's say, this individual can tolerate 400 milligrams of testosterone in and of itself in absence of a DHC derivative. When you start to walk in that DHC derivative, you ask you in the hydrogen-eatsurgy ratio. So you put in more hydrogen in, you're not put in more estrogen in, that's obviously skewing that ratio. And also that DHC derivative is going to have some binding affinity for the aromate enzymes. So you are also shifting down, so you're a mixture of dial with the addition of a DHC derivative. Not just replacing it, but taking away some of what the testosterone that's left over as converting to. Right. So further skewing that hydrogen-eatsurgy ratio. So, and why this is key is, if you're working up to that gram, and you've got up to 400 milligrams of testosterone, you can't tolerate any more. And then let's say you add in 200 milligrams of mass-drawn. To go further than you're now 600 total, it may be of benefit to re-acemulate the testosterone. Right. Because otherwise your hydrogen part of the ratio would be really, really high estrogen, lower lower lower lower than you may be on the other end of, you can't handle the high androgen-low estrogen type. Yeah, it's quite common. You know, quite common you'll see people run like a TIT dose, and then like two grams of mass-drawn or two grams of pre-mosms and whatnot. Yeah. And it's not going to be, it's not going to fail good. You definitely know it to perform well. It's not going to offer you the best outcome for you. Yeah. So keeping that balance is critical. So basically find out where within that gram, you feel that you can get the most benefits from testosterone. Yeah. Fill the rest in with the DHT derivatives like pre-moin mass. You're doing other drugs falling line and where do you see their role or has the role been misunderstood? For example, Deca, Nandrolone to Canoate and P.P. Very related molecule just a shorter estrogen. Yeah. EQ, Equipoise, old and own. Do you want to go through these one by one? No, no, just you can if you'd like, but basically just that Schmorgasbord of drugs that a lot of people take in addition to testosterone and they say things like, well, pre-moin mass, they don't work as well. I don't feel them as much. Is there validity to what they're saying? Is there individual differences where people really prefer these drugs? Or is it mostly a matter of like you're confusing the side effects for the main effect? That's definitely going to be one part of it. There's a hell of a lot that we could go through in there. But to cover the doesn't work as well, my general question would be on whatever evidence are you basing that claim because all of the evidence that we've currently got and we can use things like the Hirschberg model, which is pretty rubbish. You know, you're using like the levator, Arne ever wrote and these seven all vesicles and you know, they're not fantastic at tracking out anoblism, but even all the human data, there's various published pieces of data that I could provide as references if you want to put them on the podcast material. Because we've got a big list on physique related with this. But sure, sure. If you look at the protein accretion rates between the variety of molecules that have been approved for human clinical use, these are anoblicandrogenic stories. At reasonable dosages, sort of ways, just about the same. There's not statistically significant difference. Where there is statistically significant difference is in things like maybe actually sell in the flu retention or impacts on glycogen synthase, creating synthase. You know, these kind of mineral retention impacts. But if you're talking pure contracts all the way, per milligram, all androgen synthase do around about the same thing. So they're getting you jacked under the herd, even though you may feel a little different local alternative, really a cosmetic effect. Yeah, when it comes to the impacts on the anoblic machinery, like muscle protein synthesis, et cetera, prima bollen, master on nandrolone, trembleone, equipoies, boulder known, probably even things like DHB and Trestalo. As far as we know, you know, I'm not going to say for sure, because a lot of those things haven't been using human clinical synths that really shows. Just as far as we know, they all seem to do about the same thing. And in my experience as well, you look at people that go through an off season and then a contest prep. Let's say all of these people are doing different stack designs. Everybody ends up gaining about the same amount year on year. There's no one that's astronomically far away, other than what's just been driven by genetic abnormalities. If you take the same crop of genetic freaks at the top, they might all be doing a completely different stack design and realistically it all does the same thing. In my opinion, you just want to pick the one that has the least negative cost to your health, right? Because sustaining it repeatability is the most critical thing in my experience. Like how long can you actually tolerate this degree of like anoblism? Because it's X milligrams over a lifetime. And we all know the bodybuilding as a long game. Years. Yeah. That leads many. So it's been able to sustain in many cases the multiple grams of exposure. So basically, if you can run like DACA for four weeks and then you just feel like you're going to explode because of the water retention, it's not a thing that you would want to use at that dose for longer or try to because like look there more sustainable things. And another thing I asked with these molecules is, you know, what's the relevant benefit? You know, if we look at Nandrolone as a molecule, what does that offer us that's unique over something that we know is very well tolerated like Prima Bolin? What is novel? So some guys will see like it helps with their joints. What do you say? Yeah, I do know what? That's quite an interesting one. Now there is some survey based data to support that. There was a survey of men on T.R.T. We're given Nandrolone alongside their T.R.T. And they rated their joint saunas as less, you know, so it was an improvement. But was that the Nandrolone or was it the more total milligrams that they were taken? It probably does have some effect on the joints. It might be via the glucocortagoe receptor. It seems, but there's a lot of places I'd want to visit for joint relief before Nandrolone. I probably want to figure out why they had to share it. Do an issue in the valley. Yeah, why would you do that? Yeah. Okay, so your basic assessment is that while there may be times in places where you would use other drugs, a combination of as much testosterone as optimizes your estrogen and the rest filled in with something like premable and the remaster on, it's a kind of good place to start someone's thinking. Yeah, in a massing phase, yeah, because you don't need any specific action for decrease in muscle protein breakdown, for example, like, we just talk about animalism, aren't we? And the only way that animalic hydrogenics steroids do that is via the hydrogen receptor. They're binded the hydrogen receptor, they transcribe animalism, turn on muscle protein synthesis and m-tore and all this other stuff. That's the only mechanism by which all of these molecules do exactly the same thing. So if that's all you need, then it's a pretty simple outcome. Okay, we'll talk about the cutting phase a little bit later. For just this massing phase idea, what about peptides? Growth hormone is a peptide hormone. Yep. Insulin and any other peptides and kind of hardcore answeraries, because they're next question after we answer areas. But growth hormone insulin and any other peptides you feel are valuable for that sustained use. Yep, growth hormone, fantastic for a massing phase. So testosterone, we know for sure increases MR and an expression of IGF1 in the muscle cell. So we talk about IGF, you know, everybody knows about IGF1. You know, you say like, this supplement increases IGF1 or we know that IGF1's a good thing. But there's more than one type of IGF1 you would have this. In doc-rin IGF1 systemic IGF1, there would be kicked out hepatically by the liver. Then also autocryne and paracryne IGF1, which would be like inside or around the cell. The muscles are like, yeah, exactly, yeah, I kind of grow factor. So we know that testosterone increases expression of that localized IGF1 in the muscle cell. So then when we can use something like growth hormone to shift up IGF availability, there's going to be a one plus one equals three impacts on the animal is introduced. So there's going to be some characteristic effect. There is only a synergistic effect. And what I mean by that is if you look at studies that use high dose growth hormone, like growth hormone deficiency, you want to see a single study where new muscle is added. Actually lean body mass because of waterway fluid. Yeah, you will not find a single study on growth hormone and they use in dose is 16 units a day, 32 units a day. 30 degrees is a farm grade as unfathomable. You'll sleep well forever. Yeah. But you don't see any protein accretion interesting. Yeah. So growth hormone in and of itself is very antibiotic but he can't grow muscle. Yes, a facilitator. Yes. And it needs testosterone and related angrions to power that pump. Yes. But once you have testosterone in the mix, in your mind what is the amount of growth hormone that's reasonable, roughly translate to that gram or weak of total angrion exposure. 4 to 6 units is a pretty small difference. That's a business dose in your mind. Like a dose that will accomplish. That's a dose. I would say it's going to be effective. If you're using a gram of antibiotics, I think 4 to 6 units of growth hormone is a fair moderate dose. Growth hormone is an interesting one. It seems to have the steepest inverted. I'm talking purely anecdotally here. This is just from nature. It won't be a waste. But research based we can just have open a eyes research here and do that for us. It doesn't have any real world experience. You have all of it. So tell us about your real world. It seems to have the steepest inverted you have any molecule. When I say inverted you don't talk about like dose response where inverted V. It does pretty much. It does a hell of a lot. And then it comes back down pretty down quickly. It comes back down. I mean like the side effects get too crazy. Yeah. Yeah. The negative outcomes far out where you know the insulin resistance, the excessive bloodthage, the extra celly, the fluids. I mean the blood glucose is a real issue with growth hormone. And people end up, this is a separate topic inside of it. People end up chasing their tail with basal insulin use to almost falsely push down their blood glucose and then they have hyper insulin e-micking. All this kind of stuff. But quite honestly you know a lot of my clients that are pros will live in the kind of three to six unit range. Maybe people that are a little bit more quote unquote unabolically resistant. We might use eight to ten at the most. Okay. But in my experience you get an awful ten, even people that don't have the kind of greatest response, see a negative return on investment. And anecdotally the more people that I talk to that have pushed further beyond that's when I'm coming back towards that. Okay. It's 10 units at the most as well. Okay. But the animalism is one thing. But the anti-lipogenesis that grow from own offers is probably as biggest reward in a massive phase. It's just from folks have heard describe us. It's just more difficult to gain fat. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because I think if you have like the perfect stack design for a massive phase, I've like anibalism, anti-lipogenesis, and then maybe periods of lipolysis. Yeah. You know. So if you could structure this so that any time you ate food, it was partitioned into the muscle cell. Right. And like Adapasites were so insulin resistant, which growth moment does interest me. You know, people do talk down on the insulin resistance of growth moment. But that is very specific to an Adapasite. You know, and it's very good to have insulin resistant Adapasites. Right. Because the fat cells don't get fat as my chest. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Interesting. Okay. So that's growth hormone. What is your position at insulin? What does it do for us? Why do we want to take it in conjunction with adrogen at growth hormone? A lot of people say, I don't really mess with insulin. Do they have valid point? Are they missing out? Yeah. Talk talk us through that. Well, incredibly useful in a massing phase. I would say I use insulin more as a profile acting health tool than anything else, which might sound strange to some people. But it is very safe, you know, and can't get shot down for that. But I mean, if we're rank in safe in terms of the proximity of the effective dose to the LD50, especially basal insulin, like 50 years at that dose, you expect half of all people taking it to die. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. So the LD50 of Lancer's insulin is 1000 that's multiple pens at the same time. Over three pens, you know, and I think interesting if you have one last round ride, well, a lot of people do try to kill themselves of insulin fail. Now, there's a lot of case studies on PubMed that people that have tried to commit suicide of insulin and show up hungry. Yeah. I mean, it's not to say that like, like, if you pin a load of insulin, you'll go high, but you'll pass out and you might have a seizure, or something. Yeah. You might do. But your punk is will kick out, will you go on? Yes. And you'll plug glucose. We'll come back up and yeah, it's unlikely you're going to croak. Yeah. It's one of those scare tactics from the 80s that just hypothetically it could kill you in an acute dose. I think that got a lot of spread. I don't know any body builder that ever died of acute insulin exposure. I've known for anybody. And I've known plenty guys to die from all kinds of other shit. Yeah. It's diabetics have a long line of death behind them. Yeah. And so then so far, maybe maybe very few, maybe zero. Yeah. And I mean, the thing of angiogens is like, they're a kill you, but they kill you very slowly. Yeah. In the way that you might not automatically blame. Right. So it's a very nice, I haven't stopped smoking. Yeah. But anyway, back to the beginning. Yeah. So it's not going to have robust impact on things like muscle protein synthesis. So, you know, it's not going to be something that drives protein, accrual, like angiogens or secondarily growth for moon will. But it will assist in things like nutrient partitioning and intercellular volume of glycogen and intramuscular triglycerides, at sodium retention, things like that, which can help you train it, or certainly make you look better while you're doing it. Yeah. You're like a fluffy other muscles. Yeah. So intramuscular fullness will be great. But in terms of like an actual long term physique benefit, it's not going to offer you that much. But in the presence of high-endrogens and high-chloric load and high-growth moon is going to allow you to control your blood glucose to some degree. But you have to be careful with that. That can be a double-aged sword. You know, insulin can both improve insulin sensitivity and destroy it. At first, improve it and then destroy it. Yeah. Yeah. So back to that kind of inverted you. If you're just taking more insulin over time to account for the blood glucose increase and you're ending up hyper-insulinemic, then that's going to be a problem. And if anybody wants to know how to monitor this, blood glucose isn't a good way. You know, just to keep blood glucose readings, you know, you're taking a hundred units of lancers and doing your blood glucose like yes, it's 4.5 or done well as an American money. 60,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000. But there's a there's a there's a marker you can get and I think quest to over here. I think life extension to over here as well. Called Homer IR, H2MA, H4 and IR, Homer started model of assessment of insulin resistance. So that will give you both, your blood glucose and your insulin. Wow. Because you need to see both sides of the coin to see what's going on with insulin resistance. You can have, sorry, you know, not at one more point. If you're somebody that's got really high blood glucose, you might be stressing about it. The stress might be one of the reasons. Go and get your insulin checked because it might be that you got really low blood insulin. And you put it into a home or I are and you're actually very insulin resistant. A insulin sensitive, sorry. Interesting. Okay. Okay. And then what is your insulin adossing protocol seem like in most cases? So I try to stick to like the the quote and quote therapeutic, dosing guidelines of things like basal insulin. So I would use a basal insulin more for like what we spoke about, you know, taking a bit of stress off of the beta cells of the pancreas. And that would be 10 to 20 units, maybe 30 if these people are under extreme colorate load of it's because of called insulin glyogen, glyogen, hydrogen, I read it. I don't know if I've ever had any one who said it sounds like an alien. Yeah. But basically land testers, the most commonly known brand name. Yeah, you'll see Tracee be used sometimes. Okay. So that's like that. Okay. Lantus is the most common. This is an insulin that acts over 12 to 24 hours. So I call it just give you crazy high spikes. Doesn't give you any one. Have a great time. See me. Yeah. It's basically a flat line over 24 hours. There is a slight peak. It looks about 190 minute mark, but it's basically flat lines. Sure. You don't need to be under high carbohydrate loads, you use it or anything like that. There's people that use Lantus on a keto diet and regulate their blood glucose. Oh, I'm definitely normally here. And then I would use a rapid act in analog, most notably around the peri workout window, my cow. So and this would be, if you follow in a nutrient timing structure, which most kind of bodybuilders are, higher carbohydrate, pre-workout, injury workout, post-workout, I would typically, and I do prefer the rapid act in when I say rapid. They're not that rapid. There's there's immediate action and things like that now, like, what's it called? This, I don't know how I don't use it. But the rapid act is a lot of super fast acting. Yeah. I think begins with L or something. But I see the greatest utility in the sort of area under the curve that you would get with one of the rapid act in insulin analogs. Which is like two to three hours. You know, so if you want to cover your pre-workout meal and your intra-workout, you know, it works quite well. Okay. And then post-workout and maybe whatever mills after that is getting the kind of tail end of that show. So this would be like a human log, or if you're in England, no rapid. Okay. And three to five units. Pre-workout, we pre-workout meal, feed, feed five units. You post-workout meal. Works quite well. And I can't say, you know, this many carbohydrates to this many units of insulin because it's going to completely depend on your own individual metabolism of the drug and carbohydrates and whatnot. So it's going to have to be something that you experiment with and you're not trying to remove your pancreas from doing any work. Because the pancreas isn't, it's not a negative feedback in the inhibitory system like the HPG access, for example. Like interesting. I didn't know that. No, so if you take 20 units of lantus, your pancreas, especially on your normal calorie amount, is kicking out a lot more than 20 units a day. Yeah, oh yeah. You know, so let's say it's kicking out 60. It's probably a lot more than that, but let's say 60. Well, it'll just push out 40 in the 20 more. So if everyone, that's what we mean by taking the stress off. Interesting. The pancreas. Yeah, literally the beta's, I was just needs to produce less insulin. Very cool. And that's mostly during hypercoloric. Yeah, gaining phases. Yeah, I'm not less drowning. Yeah, I don't know. I'll drown in. Yeah. I don't know. I'll drown in a fat last phase. No, and it's not said you can't, you know, we're past the carbohydrate insulin model. Right. Very busy, but especially if you're using drugs like growth for malign or your himben, if these drugs have actions on free fatty acid mobilization and you want to take great to this great as advantage of that. The presence of blood insulin, blood glucose, blood amino acids, blood dietary fatty acids, they significantly attenuate the free fatty acid mobilization that can be driven by these drugs. Right. So you take growth hormone, unafowl us die. The growth hormone helps release fatty acids and the blood other cells of the body use them up and thus you lose body fat. But if you present insulin during that time, then you might not have any different change in how much you weigh total, but you'll keep more of your fat and you'll potentially gain less muscle because of the fact that you're not using the growth hormone for its fat loss balance. Yeah, you'll certainly lose out on a good portion of the free fatty acid mobilization. But you know, that's more to say for a basal insulin. You know, if you've got some in running 24 hours, there's nothing wrong with using growth hormone in the morning to push this heavy lipolysis. And then if you want this insulin around Perry work out, that's fine. But you know, remember, it's not offering any kind of muscle protein synthetic benefit. And I find the the appetite drive that provides to be not useful in a deficit. Yeah, for sure. We're going haybinds, lind during a deficit. I've got to fix this. Yeah. Yeah, what do you think about growth hormone timing? A lot of people see this. It's like behind it. A lot of people see that it's not a big deal. Some people see look. The traditional lately is really what drives it. The best. What do you think? I think this is quite a tricky one that we can postulate on. You know, we can like mechanistically show master bay on it. I think they've got a favorite kind of mechanistics. So here's a theory that I'll postulate. And I think the person that's probably postulated on this, the most I'd like to give credit to is somebody called Chester Rockwell who's, I imagine a name, nobody watching this as heard. He was, if you had Chester Rockwell, he was one of the greatest evidence-based PED educators ever. And he was an anonymous poster on a private forum called BlastInCruise.net. Wow. And this is about minimum 10 years ago now. But he would, he's written articles and wrote for me that were referenced in the hundreds of citations. That's awesome. Yeah, he's, but one of the points in there was regarding the potential of in-doc-rinsosystemic IGF1 to be a negative feedback regulator of local IGF1. So why is that important when it comes to timing? Because we know there's a dose response of systemic IGF1 that's going to be kicked out from any bolus dose of growth of mone. So if I inject three units of growth of mone versus six, the six units obviously is going to push out more systemic IGF1 per bolus. Now that could be problematic if, in fact, as is presented by Chester and it seems like the evidence agrees with this. Actually, before we get to that fundamental knowledge, the IGF1 that is at least the most responsible for hypertrophy is local IGF1. More so than that, systemic IGF1. Right. We don't know the complete ins and outs of this year. I know Dr Scott Stephenson recently wrote an article on IGF1 where he was, again, possibly, the potentially this systemic IGF1 has more of an impact than we thought initially. But look, the, the large amount of the work, the line show of the work's been driven by that local and if systemic is a negative feedback regulator of the local, then we want to keep that as low as possible. Which means that we want the bolus of growth mone that we present at any one time to be as low as possible. So that would mean the timing consideration would be if we've got X amount to get in in a day, we at least want to make each bolus as small as possible. So like a lot of jargon to say basically, I probably wouldn't do one shop per day if you're using large amounts of growth mone because that bolus dose will likely present a peak of systemic IGF1 that will have negative impacts on local IGF1. So let's say using six units, you might want to do three and three. Three, three, four units two and two, are we splitting it? Yeah, I mean, how to say like whatever doesn't burden you. And I'm talking specifically about hypertrophy here because timing is less important with hypertrophy. There's a bit like the one consideration. Yeah, I would say for hypertrophy, but for fat loss, it could be a timing issue. Yeah, because we've got the decay rate of the free fatty acid mobilization to pay attention to. So when you look at the rate of free fatty acid mobilization from a single bolus dose of growth mone, it peaks quite late. It looks like four to five hours on average. So most people are sort of waking up in the morning and performing form of nonglucose intensive work, which is going to mobilize fatty acids like going out for a walk or no intensity cardio, whatever it may be. That's, or that's at least what you should do if you want to maximize free fatty acid mobilization. So you know, it's hard to say well pin it four hours beforehand, block the gap in the middle of the night. I'll do that. Yeah, if you wake up in the middle of the night, anywhere, I think that's fine, but I certainly wouldn't say an alarm to do it in sacrifice sleep quality. Yeah. Quality is kind of a king. Yeah. Yeah. But pre bed. I'll say pre bed is absolutely fine. You're still going to have significantly superficial logical levels of free fatty acid mobilization by the time you wake up. Sure, which is good. Yeah. I could talk about dosing on fat loss actually. Yes, what is? Yes, yes, yes. Yeah, because luckily for us, we actually do have high quality data on what kind of dose of growth mone maximizes free fatty acid mobilization. It's a lot lower than most people would think. Although that is only one mechanism by which fat loss can occur. Sure. I won't go too far ahead. But um, so a single bonus dose, this study was intravenous, but I did do a bit of work on the physique-lictiform where we mapped it over to the equivalent subcutaneous dose. And it appears to be about 1.5 units per 100 kilos of body weight maximizes the free fatty acid mobilization that you can generate from any single dose of growth mone. So spreading it out like four times a day. I could, but you have to be fasted rate. So you're likely only going to get one dose that has a robust impact on free fatty acid mobilization. And you're going to maximize that outcome at one and a half units if you're about 100 kilos or let's say bikini competitor 50 kilos, 0.75 units. But that's not to say that more doesn't result in greater body re-composition outcomes because there's more to the mobilization, right? You know, you've got the metabolic flexibility, how it comes. You've got the nutrient partitioning shifts like you spoke about the insulin resistance of the anoposites, more substrate to be partitioned to muscle cell. You know, things like that. That's obviously going to lead to re-composition. But purely from this mobilization yeah, one point five units is going to maximize it. So if you have a situation where you can get those smaller number of units into you a few hours before you do your cardio or you have your big fasting window like let's say overnight, then maybe it behooves you to at least consider doing it at that time as well as whatever other times that air convenient. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, as long as you know, I wouldn't want to say someone pin and grow from my not five times a I think twice a day's fine for most people. Yeah, okay. It's too when you wake up when you go to bed and you're going to nail off 99% of the sure the big impact sure. Factors, yeah sure. If I wake up and I go train and have carbs, do I still want to shoot growth then or no? When you wake up, correct? There's nothing inherently wrong with that. It was what's the goal? Anabolism. Yeah, it doesn't matter. What about the hyperglycemia being worse because I'm concomitantly taking a carbohydrates? That I've never seen any acute impacts on blood glucose increase and we've grown from own administration. Okay, not like it's going to shift up and then inhibit your ability to partition carbohydrate. In fact, it's in about mechanistically quite the opposite because the insulin resistance that it drives at least acutely is locally to add a precise and not to my total tissue. No, really. This is research confirmed. I can reference for you. Yeah, I mean over time, chronically elevated blood glucose will lead to insulin resistance. Of course. But the mechanism by which that presents is throughout a percent insulin resistance. Is it true that maybe one of the number one factors for long-term insulin resistance is actually your chronic body fat level? Oh, 100%. Okay. So if you're chronically very lean, like all of these things are much more secondary, and if you're really trying to major in the minor as we have 23% by the fat all the time, then you really should be concerned. I mean, I cannot tell you the last time I had a client that had a poor home or I are or even an A1C or something like that. Even my clients use an 10 units of GH. Guys that lift. Yeah, guys that are. If your resistance train, sleep well, control stress, control your nervous system health, which is a huge one that most bodybuilders miss out on, and don't gain an unnecessary amount of body fat. A lot of this stuff you weren't ever need to think about. Yeah. We have so much more to talk about. I'm glad you're here for a while. Anything to say about peptides, you know, my friend has a peptide store. It's called Dildo peptides. Mom. I think it was a dot gov.xxx dot gov.edu. And he says I should buy peptides because he sells them and he likes money, but I sense that there may be other some benefits. And either any peptides to you that are, let me give, like, and this is a kind of a real talk thing because you and I'm both both been in industry competitors and all other stuff. So me, there are roughly like three categories of substance. Shit that fucking works. Shit that does under the hood, good stuff for you. You don't can't feel it at all, but for trust me, it works. And then shit that people might be excited about, but doesn't fit any of those two categories yet. And I just don't fuck with any of that shit. Yeah. Scotty swear, I'm gonna swear last after this. It just had to be the real delivery. Does that make sense? 100% of the behavior. Yeah. And that's something that relatively intelligent people embody, but eventually arrive at. Maybe this work work. Yeah, maybe another category would be like things that come along that people are insanely attracted to. Yeah. And for some reason, a huge cohort of people say it works amazingly. And then somehow it just disappears because I never did. Yeah. Yeah. Because the placebo is always in category three. You have to ascend to category one or two. Or you forever stay in three of some combination of for sure doesn't work. We just don't really convincingly know. Yeah. Is there anything in the peptides fear that currently gets into the category of either fucking works or it works, but you're not going to feel it feel it, but after months and stuff, you'll be healthy or leaner or the immune system will be stronger. Whatever it is that peptides do. But GOP one in GOP, I guess. Okay. Okay. So basically, basically drugs like ozempeck, just up a tied, retattrotide. Yeah. Incredible. Which by the way, there's, I know a folks who are using retattrotide already because it turns out the chemists can make it as soon as it's published in. You don't have to wait for the companies to make it. Miraculous effects. The next generation. Yeah. Unreal. Unreal. As my favorite review article on a retattrotide is literally called this is the title of the article, the formal journal, unleashing the power over tattrotide. I got chills when I read them. Oh, yeah. Here. Okay. Those are for sure legit, right? And we could just do a whole lot of podcast about those. I want to real quick. What are the benefits for folks? Not okay. So if you're interested in appetite regulation, the new king is here and he is not retiring, these drugs will end. Any appetite you have, dose by dose to wear a contest dieting just pisses you off because you can't think anymore and you can't lift weights because you're so weak. But you won't, you won't have appetite as a problem. Yeah. Or they're the solve problem pharmacology. It's just like, I was reading a thing not for me, of course, because your boy, I'm too erect, Joe. You feel me I'm too much for these hose out here. But I was reading for someone else about like a rectile dysfunction. And it basically is medical journal that was said the following like erectile dysfunction is no longer a problem that is intractable to pharmacology. Like you will just fix it. It doesn't we'll get blood in there. Don't you worry about enough the Alice and Viagra year gold. And it's if you're still alive, we got you. And I think for hunger, the at least three categories and classes of modern weight lust drugs, GLP ones, GLP, GIP agonists, and then triple agonists with Luke agonist with Luke agonist which is retaturized. Of course, there are others going to be in the mix. They just solve the fucking problem. I'm just going to have hunger. But since the only thing they're good at, what are the other things that folks who are taking gear and wanting their ultimate physique should think about introducing these at low doses into their cycle. What GOP one I'm going to? Just not just GLPs but GLPs, GIPs and the impact on the entire category of drugs. Yeah. So the impact on insulin sensitivity and what they do to baseline insulin is pretty incredible. So they make your insulin sensitivity go up. But they also help you secrete more insulin, which is odd counterintuitive, but actually works. And we'll arguably make you even more anti-cata ball. And at the same time more likely to encourage an abolism. Which is like baffling. Yeah. But if you're interested to know a lot to what magnitude that effect is, it should have a study on sure. So we probably never get that, you know, but sure. Although they have probably billions of dollars in their fund and it's not going to guess the high-patreon. Yeah, it goes for like can we make like fat people as fat? Yeah. Just absolutely a society scale. The most important part. I'm just going to something just as a sort of offshoot anecdote here. One of the most interesting things for me with the use of GLP when I get an S and GIP is more so now. In my competitive clients is the impacts that they have on not hunger because that's an expectation. You know, we all know that they're going to completely attain your hunger, not a blade hunger. Is the impact it has only removed from mouse brain? Is the psychological impact? I think that's wild. Tell us about your experience with our clients. Well, I'm not sure if this is by direct mechanism because I know that there is some sort of tertiary research on addictive addiction. How comes with the use of GLP when I get some things like this? They're quite interesting. But my sort of hypothesis here is turning down the food noise is almost like shifting down sympathetic drive. You know, because you know what it's like when you're super hungry, you smell something you want to eat. You can't sleep. Yeah, it's stimulating. It's nerve-racking. Yeah. It's like a shift up in quarters. Oh, it's up in adrenaline. You know, you feel it. Dude, if you're having a good day on prep and you drive by a McDonald's that's got the fumes coming out and I should hit you wrong. You're just like what the f- what's best I'll be doing with my life. And we don't have that problem. Whoa, you guys don't have smell like it. You don't have an obesity prominent England. Well, actually, I think we're ahead of you. I know, Scott, can you believe it? Scott, I'm going to say something I rarely say on this channel, but this is a matter of war. Release the bald Eagles. Release them. Joe, let me feel you. I'm going to happen. Okay. These bald Eagles are going to fly information as they always do from the continental United States all the way across the Atlantic Ocean. No matter if you're being required and they're going to attack the the British kingdom. But attack in a very specific way. There's no the totality. They're going to with their beaks and claws pull a body fat off of very overfat a UK citizen and some early reducing their BMI. And return it to his rifle. Oh, they're not eating. That's right, Joe, just saving it up and like bloated fat American Eagles, they flutter their wings back. Another six thousand article miles and then deposit said fat into where we're going to this. The food system or just into the mouths of we're waiting to wait and wait and miss a sippians and they get baby bird it and then they're fatter again and then America wins again because we've had it. Scott, American number two, how does that feel to you to hear Americans? I don't know. It was no mean number two in terms of population average. I think it's just right you guys haven't beat us on morbid obesity because only like the Pacific Islanders have done that. They're undefeated. But you guys have currently beat us on overweight miss. Yeah. It is a very, very British thing too because you guys aren't like the fattest, but like just over the line of fat. You're like, well, I'm not quite fat in my just a bit overweight and like that's exactly you guys. You have the most of those things. And imagine a malagamation of accents that leads to as you early as said in our friendship, Joe and I were hanging out once and he's like, Mike, tell me, why does every Americans impersonation of British accent basically like a chimney sweep foyer old from the 1920s? And my instant response was, that's what you people all. And if I remember, you had no response back to me. Yeah, Mr. Cleverman. Like, well, I did grow up as a chimney sweep. Because we all sort of do. You have to early in English childhood as first everyone's a chimney sweep. Then everyone goes to Hogwarts. They're, their summers are spent in the Lord of the Rings land. And then you come back. And when you're like 16, 17, you get thrown over to Burma, where you're slicing people's faces with razor blades for a while. Yeah. Scott, what happens after that? You're somebody like a, like a captain. You never don't smoke cello doing the boat cost. Just so boring. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're incorrect, you mean? Yes. This is, by the way, just verbal streamer thought insanity. And I promise you, I'm not okay. I've never been okay. The food noise reduction. Yeah. I'm sorry. Let me go back to that. Yes. So it's like, you know, what I was mentioning earlier, the nervous system shift. I actually, yeah, so this is a completely separate topic, not to verbal thought diarrhea like that. That's what I had cast on. But I have to say the most robust shifts in physique outcomes and experience and enjoyment of doing the thing that I ever see with any client is within the schema of nervous system regulation, which sounds a little bit holistic, but you know, I'm not going to have that word. You know, like, maybe this is to get a thought of. They fucking blow it. Dresses and shit. Scott? No, yes. Happy girls. Summer dress only. Don't all that boo. Now, dreadlocks are dope. But we all know the impact of like stress reduction. Yes. You know, and hypoth theoretically, it Joe, I want you to ram down this, because theoretically, everyone's like, it's the thing you see. And it's similar to now, people are paying attention to their sleep. Right. Now a lot of people are like watching humor, and there's sleep's important. Back in the early 2000s and every time before then, kind of executive CEO types, man, saying, I'm trying to be a successful say, and they want a body hack and hack their way to success. They knew for while I could get an ad, better, everyone knew that. I lived or something. Everyone knows that. I had a run, whatever. And then when people said, like, sleep, they were like, sleep. And it's a thing you knew you were supposed to be doing. You really weren't doing it. Oh, well, we were just, you know, another big project and up with the guys and the four hours of sleep. But that's how it is. And it's just a drink, brunch, whatever. Nowadays people are like, no, no, no, no, sleep is the real deal. You know, Brian Johnson, Mr. Van Blaren, man, he's great. He's like, you know, sleep will fuck you up. He's a homicide crack. More people are waking up to that. Stress is today in my hypothesis here, what sleep was 20 years ago. Everyone knows they're supposed to be managing a better. But I got kids to feed mamma babies as crying out here. I can't be stressed. I'm not even stressed. I kick my kids out, quit my job. But stress and stress and body building people know I got a de-stress, right? We got people that Jared, like Jared Feather. He knows stress, fucks you up. But he's got like eight jobs. Yeah. And he travels down to everyone else's contest and sleep's not people's couches. And so he does literally sleep on everyone's couch. Yeah, when he came to save me, I gave him a whole bedroom. Johnson done the bed at room. He said, no, no, no, sleep on the couch. Yeah, well, come on, sleep on a bed. Jared, it's a much worse upbringing than a couch. That's a giant. Giant empty shell of a humanoid size cockroach is where Jared grew up. But the stress thing is that thing. And I suspect in a few years of the rest of us will be like, fuck, I really should have been paying more attention to my stress. Can you talk us through that? How that affects physics? How the jail belongs? Help everything else. Yeah, this is huge. Yeah, well, I'll come on to the GOP ones. And so essentially what we're talking about here is the easiest way to describe this is the relationship between the two branches of the autonomic nervous system. So how much sympathetic tone are you driving? So that would be your fight, flight, freeze versus how much power sympathetic tone you express in per 24 hour basis. And Paris and Pethetics recovery, sleep, chill vibes, post eating. Yeah, yeah. And you do see other like Dr Steven Porgas, polyvagal theory stuff. They can delineate these branches even further into like, door sill and vagal and things like that. But I don't think you need to sort of robustly understand that kind of stuff. So in essence, a lot of what bodybuilders for Zika Flitz, whatever do you sympathetically driving, you know, in a training. Yeah, in convenience of having a diet like a weirdo, stimulant use? No, they don't do that. Hell, stimulant use. Crazy stimulant use. And then sleep disruption from undefeating, just undefeating in general. Yeah, expenditure being high. People will do a hypercoloric diet for a contest, even just normal. And they will be like, yes, sleep shit, but that's to be expected. And I'm always like, oh, but if we fix that, your results would cocoon into way better outcomes. It's not just like a thing, right? Anything you brush aside, sleeps a big deal. And it's a part of that stress cycle to keep you awake. And a part of that is of course hunger. But then it's also the pressure of competing, right? Like people have that mission mindset. Was there like, I'm in the hyperbolic time chamber, Drangbalzee, like, how do I, I'm not allowed to feel happiness yet. That's after the show. And that fucks people up. And androgens. I've got a lot of, yeah, I've got a lot of hypotheses on androgens impacts neurologically. There's not a lot that we know that we can sort of get some hypotheses from some road at models and cell line data and things like that. What seems to happen is that there's some kind of downregulation or decensatization to GABA, probably dopamine as well. And then an increase in glutamate, you know, an increase in excitatory neurotransmission. Yeah, I always, when I'm in a lot of gear, I just feel like, oh, yeah, I was totally different. You can't rest. No. It's a very sympathetic. It's a totally different kind of rest. It's a false rest. Yeah. You're rested, but you're never really rested. Right. And over time, these things end up permeating themselves and resulting in huge issues. You know, like, if you have a spin sometime, looking at like the, uh, chronic fatigue subreddit or M-cass, you know, which is like, mass cell activation syndrome or M-e, you know, I don't want to say like, the illnesses that don't really exist because that's what you just did. You know what I mean? That's like, I don't know how else to say. But what we're really looking at here is like, symptoms of nervous system dysregulation over a chronic period. Yes. No excessive sympathetic tone that accumulate stress chronically and leads to ship falling apart, really. Yeah, psychologically physiologically. And obviously so many bodybuilders end up there over time. I was there for a year and a half. Yeah. And it's extremely hard to get yourself out of. So one thing I do with clients and one thing I'd love to see from more coaches is a comprehensive this kind of sound hella holistic, like I'm podcasting from Bali or something. Um, you know, I've just been to Bali actually. Sure. Well, you're Australian or something. Oh, yeah, that's it. Everybody, everybody's in that. Yeah, man. That is fact. You wouldn't believe how many Aussies are over there. I really have every single Aussie of a retoucher. They're like, I can't meet this week. I'm in Bali, but I'm the last year. All right. We're looking at our in a half away. Yeah. If they're spoon. It is a big place. There's a good. Yeah. Have you been? No, no. I don't like food poisoning that lasts for three days straight and almost kills me in a Bali hospital. It did get a Bali building. Scott, you like that? Everyone has a story. As soon as they're like, why haven't a Bali? I'm like, oh, yeah, I want for an almost died by like opening up one corner of his mouth in the shower and getting a one drop of water. And like, yeah, no, I had a guy. I have a mate. I had a mate dog like that. And I'm like, I'm sorry. What? I ended up in the hospital for three days in Thailand. You know what's funny? The person, a reference in my mind who I told that story was about, wasn't even you. There's another person who did the same thing in Bali. Like, whatever you get a little tummy bug for 12 hours. Whatever you go back with your mates, more beers, let's fix the problem three days, man. You start doing like, is this hospital room in Thailand? The last thing I'm going to see. Yeah. Yeah. I lost something like 32 pounds. Here. I know, my mate had to beat me up from the airport. And now you got off the plane. He looked me up and what? Yeah, a lot of fun. That's a skull. Those, those, those, lady boys really take it out of you. You know, anyway, I'd like to see more coaches building in a comprehensive, we'll say like, nervous system regulation protocol. And you know, the things were bodybuilders. They're so gold orientated on it. It's like, I've got clients that I could say like each sand and it be a gift. You get harder from your coach. Yeah. So if I say, you have to do this breath work every day or something or yeah. We got super convenient. The things like there's an app called state right now, which is an app about self-regulated breathing. Sure. And I did a big carousel post on Instagram the other day. It was like 40 references on there. And what happens to your new chemistry when you do the self-regulated breathing practices? You see a shift up in garbage, shift up in dopamine, push down in quarters, I'll push down in northern Eiffron. You know, direct opposite indication of what this sympathetic tone impact is going to be doing to you. And it's going to allow you to recover from training better, sleep better, improve your digestion, decrease appetite, improve your experience of doing the thing in the first place. Sure, which is I think this is a complete separate topic. But I think the lack of mindfulness in bodybuilding is like such a problem because most people wish every day away. You know, it's a weird thing to be fully invested in something and just wishing it ends really soon. Everything you do is a means to an end. And then you get to the end and it isn't what you even wanted it to be anyway. Yeah. And even if you wanted it to be exactly what it is and it's miraculous and glorious, like, well, you did piss away two years for that thing. Yeah. And then the next day comes and it's finished. Yeah. Yeah. You can only coast on the rainbows for so long. Yeah. So GLP, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. But that V can reduce food noise substantially. Yeah. Right. Which I find is quite a knock down of sympathetic tone and then it makes for a more relaxed calm individual who's happy to eat whatever they're eating. So no problem. Yeah. And they can just go on with their day. Yeah. And talking about the mindfulness thing again, you can't be mindful of experiencing a given moment. You know, if I was starving hungry and 2% body fat and I was sat here talking to you, my full attention wouldn't be on what you're saying to me, or you had turning or hearing your voice or it would only be on that next meal. Yeah. You know, yeah. It's a real animal in an electrified cage to type of feeling. Yeah. And that is actually like, what are the most brutal models for reducing stress and animals? It's just like shock empiriotically, don't let them sleep. Their stress gets as high as the possible in a few days they die. If you're always tightropping between like when am I going to get my next meal, you ever see the body builders do like that that eye thing they look around like look around the room kind of thing like that. You go that's what I don't want to be here anymore. And so if you can tune that down, you know, to being more parasympathetic dominant, you get more recovery, more relaxation and better. And in my view, another broader shout out, broader, excited basically sort of something like stress is the great killer of physique. Absolutely. And I talked to you and you're like, absolutely. And I was like, I'm a Jared and I are doing something wrong. And it's so easy to forget that. And it's so easy to fall in love with the notion of, you know, I'm like, Cicifus and I'm pushing the fucking stone. I don't care about anything else. Yeah. The stress. I can handle most stress none of the people. I'm going to prove it. But it turns out that the people to do the best in body building are folks that either genetically naturally or through some unlock revelation are people that like get whatever work they need done through the day, which isn't much. And mostly just after training, play playstation a lot. Either meals and go to sleep. Yeah. And that's it. Well, it's interesting you mentioned like Cicifus because I find when people lose themselves in body building, which is which is easily done if you don't regulate your nervous system well, you end up stuck in a loop of only doing Cicifian tasks. You know, doing things that actually have no end, like prepping your next meals and then you've got to go and train and then you cardio and then the next day the the same thing again. Well, if you're so permanently chronically stressed about the next thing to do, you don't actually get to experience the thing of doing anything else outside of that. Sure. And you do literally force yourself to live like Cicifus. Sure. Because how many body builders have we seen that do this and end up hating it? Most, but you don't hear from them. Yeah. But both don't almost ever post that Instagram. Hey, guys update on why left body building you're going to go now. It's just all dog picks and picks up me and my wife and my kids. Yeah. But I used to love body going don't anymore. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I used to say stuff like that. And the end up only hearing from the survivors, huge survivorship bias. And a lot of times the posts do the best for body builders are ones in which they lean into their aggressive world dominator side that sympathetic fighter flight side of what you've got to take every day is a gift and you've got to just crush every day when people are like, you got to calm coming up and like, yeah, they're a kill it. I'm like, I'm not killing anyone at a body building competition. So it's dancing mostly new dancing with only men, by the way, for opposite of anything to do with killing or minefields or anything like that. But when bodybuilder say like, hey, man, just another day of prep got my work out done. It was great. I loved it. And now I'm just like eating and relaxing with the family until this evening when I do a little cardio, then I go to sleep. Nobody wants to hear that shit. They want to hear war and fire. And so bodybuilders realize that's what they want to hear. They get more likes. They start talking about that other shit more. Even if they hardly, if their war and fire happens for five seconds before each top set and it no other time during the day. But that really is the unlock, isn't it? To get that sympathetic action to only exist within the confines of right before your hardest sets of the workout and never again. Well, that seems to be the the trait of a healthy nervous system. Isn't one that's relaxed all the time? It's one that can mobilize between sympathetic comparison, pathetic as needed. You know, and that's something that's working on these practices like, like I was saying, if coaches can get their clients to have at least a few practices that they can include, like pre-meal for example, there's an app called state that I was mentioning. There's an excellent for self-regulated breathing. And if anybody thinks this sounds too holistic, go ahead and look at my most recent post on my Instagram. There's hello references on self-regulated breathing. That's awesome. Meditation is absolutely huge. If you can build in a meditation practice daily, then it will change your life. And timing nature is another one that has solid evidence based for a lot of people, right? Yeah. Just just little things that if you can be parasympathetic more often, you probably should. Yes. And yeah, to get back to the point, yeah, jail people weren't certainly do that. You they do that. They help anything else in the peptide space other than these. You just like one of those things. I mean, you got things like malanatan. Okay, you know, helps you get tan and prusion and sun sensitivity a lot. Drops your appetite a little bit. It gives you a wicked boner. No way. Yeah. Well, you know, PT1 for 1, which is a lot of such useful female, not female erectile issues, female libido issues. That's a offshoot from malanatan. PT1 for 1. Yes. I don't know the mechanism of action, but I do know that if you take it at PM, AM, you're as a male. Yes. What does it do to the ladies probably similar, but with their lady penis. Yes. We are talking, I'm not going to say, because they were talking body but I love it. I don't know what such thing is. You're a clitoris and I will get to big from me later. I'm a married man, but in another world, line them up. Yeah, apart from that, there's no nothing to really sing the praises of. No, but it seems a lot of things come along and do, you know, there's nothing that has been robust enough in human trials for me to be interested, including sands. Yeah. Yeah. Sarms, I do think, and I've said before that non-sterrodo sands will be the future of pathogens. You know, one day we will have things that interact with the antigen receptor, only in skeletal muscle or whatever target they want and transcribe cannibalism there, in absence of any off target, andigenistic. One day we will have that. We don't yet. Have you seen the regeneran studies? No. Regeneran pharmaceuticals, and this is published work, I can send it to you. Please. Is now in stage two trials with a combination therapy for muscle accretion? One of the molecules is a male statin inhibitor and the other inhibits another pathway. I've read up on it, make sure I don't say it wrong. But this drug is was co-administered to primates during hypocaloric diets, with and without semagletiid additionally. And so the primates that were taking just some agolytide lost a ton of weight. But something like a quarter or a third of it was lean tissue. The monkeys that had this combo drug therapy, this non-hydrogenic antibiotic with semagletiid, lost like one and a half times as much weight as the semagletiid monkeys. But gained muscle at the same time. The revolution is here. We just don't have access to it yet. But in literally one or two years, this thing is going to be market ready. Yeah, so I wonder quite frequently when um, you know, even gene editing or something is going to be a bit down the line. Yeah, I was here. I was trying to... When body buildings just going to be removed because anybody can look like that. My bet is within within five to ten years. Yeah. More like five to seven. Yeah. But it really depends on regulatory constraints. The only thing left in body building after a little while will be which muscles do you want bigger and which one smaller and then training will have a place. Once training is no longer relevant even for that, well then you just kind of take stuff to look like what you want to look like. And then cool, problem solved. You know what I mean? We can move on to other endeavors. Isn't the competitive body building might still be a thing? Then the person that gets the exact proportions and exact ancestry. 100% which is already is. But if mostly just people with shit genetics versus people that's literally good genetics, then it'll be like, well actually you can engineer genetics to look like sort of what every want. Bodybuilding can still survive that. The training culture might be different. We'll see how that goes. Tons and has a promising stuff. But basically for you right now as of market availability in early 2025. So I'm some stuff like that. They're not as promising as they were touted. No, I mean sometimes got close. Like Austrian got pretty close. I think dosages like there's like maybe 300 micrograms. Then one milligrams, three milligrams did well. And then I think it was anything over five milligrams. Sorry if I'm getting this wrong 20 body that knows I'm wrong. I do actually have a lecture on physical activity. Go through every single published study on Psalms. Oh wow. Ever. If anybody wants to see that, let me play the ages. So please do what it. Sure. And they all had off target side effects above so five milligrams a day which is so far below what we would need in terms of actions at the undergroom receptor. So, pre-mavola and a master on other closest. I mean their Psalms. Sure. You know their steroidal Psalms. Yes. So that that's as close as we've currently gotten. That's why they're still the first line therapy. People that are undergroom sensitive like women. Sure. Sure. Ancillary drugs. There are people who just take test, pre-mo, growth, insulin. And maybe they'll take a GLP1 Agnist or something modern weight loss drug for contest prep. But what about ancillary drugs that are probably just good to take for people running higher doses? Whether it be muscle gain or fat loss phase. Nothing fat loss specific. But maybe things like I've heard you talk about metformin. Maybe tell me a certain. Are there any others? And then please include in that discussion also. Well I'll be asking this question anyway. Vitamins, minerals, etc. Maybe folks who aren't hands need more of. But let's start with the ancillary drugs first. Yeah. So their pre-mitch is only two that I would say have a cost-to-benefit ratio that would deem. I would say feasible for use for any PED user. And that would be metformin. Like you said, it's a potent antioxidant and potent anti-inflammatory. Keeps your health here. Yes. An oxidative stress is one of the primary chief negative impacts of PED use. So we want to do all we can to control oxidative stress. And that would answer the question about Vitamins and minerals that you ask as well. And then tell my son as well for sure, which is danger to use in receptor blocker. So a lot of antigen users have escalated blood pressure. So it's going to be a much better option than an ace inhibitor for that. But regardless of whether your blood pressure increases or not, there is angiotensin to escalation as a linear dose response to any exposure to antigen's. And for anybody that doesn't know what that means, that essentially is going to lead to the majority of the negative cardiac outcomes you can expect like ejection fraction reduction. The shift of kills you later. And tell my son will mute some of that. Yes. A good portion of it. And not to say that you won't experience cardiac hypergibi because you will, even natural individuals have constant response. Yeah. But it will at least quench a solid degree of the antigen media it increase an angiotensin to you. So just those two. Yeah. Okay. What else would that? Well my Scott has got a catholic, it's not like a cam lab. It's in a trailer. It's that like basically his meth a drug that we can take that'll also help us spot it. Well, it depends on your definition of meth. Especially in America, there's a little dopamine agony to be in prescribed left right and sent enough for ADHD. All that to talk about mixing an all up Joe. So one of the fifth of means isn't it? That's what I tell my dealers like. Stock their same person. Okay. That's actually really helpful. Met form and is it going to cost me muscle growth because I've seen studies quite on quote, explain that. Do you definitely have seeing studies because well that's why I said a lot of people do say that met form and will negatively impact your ability to gain muscle because of its signaling of these should we say catabolic pathways? Yeah. You know, in P.K. A lot of catabolic pathway. Uh, all the attenuation of M.D.D. does that in the liver but no whenever reads that far in the abstract. Right. Luckily we actually have data on what is a forms of MPK met form in activates and it's not the always the forms that are in skeletal muscle. So I just straight up doesn't cause muscle loss. And we've also seen this in the hundreds of millions of people that have taken that form and that are clinical in a co-population. There is absolutely no description of muscle loss. It's actually to be curious. These people also know a train. Then it means in a loose muscle it's going to be that. Yeah. That's nice to know. Some of form is nice met form and obviously dosage is something like 500 milligrams a.m. 500 of p.m. So even just 500 milligrams p.m. is in a familiar people. It's enough for nothing. Yeah. You can crank up to a gram especially if you've got so what's the data stress mediated issues like acne? A great common one. Yeah. It'll help with acne. Uh, it's the first lanthera. Be frankly, as was using P.C. a.s. Very frequently. Will it help me be less ugly? If you have acne, thank you Joe. Scott, you're no help. Why are you laughing back there? What are you? How are you going to help me? I might uglyness problem. You're black belt and you're not careful. You're muscular. It doesn't matter if you're like, that's what I'm going for. Yes. I couldn't manage to do the muscular one. So I'm trying to do the one. The only one. Well, you're well on your way on both. I must say. Vitamins, minerals, other things OCT. Here's what I've heard. Ashwaganda sounds like a like a fine ass black bitch to me. What's up? So does she do anything helpful for humans? Do we want this inner system? Another quick couple and then let you let you go off. Ashwaganda CBD. Vitamin D, magnesium, zinc. Uh, I'll just go through one at a time. We'll just go through one at a time. We don't do much of this if you want to start talking about me. I have the neuroscience stuff. It's really interesting. Ashwaganda was patented forms like sensor, in the KSM 66. It's basically it appears to act like a positive alicirate modulator of GABA, which is a lot of words to say that it basically increases this inhibitory signaling, which is why people associate with restabilization and sleep and whatnot. So can it be useful for sure? Yeah, if you're somebody that is anxious or has high stress or high cortisol is what it's marketed as something that a plate's called as a that I'm relore or the most common to. I looked into Rallora after you recommended it. Right. I would love for you to talk about Rallora. I started taking it and I notably feel better. Excellent. That's GABA, which for me is unusual because most of the supplement I'll take and I'm like this fucking doesn't nothing. I'm doing it. Yeah, well that's GABA. Yeah, it's a pretty potent GABA activator. You have to be careful with GABA, because you know Xanax is the drug you guys have over here. We don't have the real lot of Xanax. Yeah. So that's a direct agonist of the benzodiazepine site on the GABA receptor. So in you know, if a government GABA will give you worse, we've drooled than any drug on the planet. You know, the withdrawals are literally true hell. It's like when you're on it, you feel like you're in a warm comfort blanket. And when you're addicted to it, you can't tell the blanket's there anymore. But when you get it pulled from you, it feels like your skin has got ripped off. Yeah, maybe that's OPS as well. Oh, yeah. We don't have a problem with that America. You got from, you have less real Pennsylvania. He's never seen any problems, OPS or Xanax to him. This is all like you might as well be like fucking the Wizard of Oz talking about nonsense. Yeah, a lot of OX here. I don't even know what you're talking about. Luckily for people, cratum is legal here. Is that luckily, but doesn't create them fuck you up? Isn't it also addictive? Oh, it's very addictive. And it will be a root you with droolers, but it's never killed anybody. Okay, you can't overdose on it. And it's a very safe transition from pharmaceutical to people that stuck on them and also not at their own fault, because that's the majority of them that have been prescribed these things. Sure. Yeah. So cratum is a partial agonist of the MU opioid receptor. So, you know, I wouldn't advise somebody that's never had a drug problem to go and start to do. Don't start using cratum. It's not going to enhance your shift. If you use OPS and you suffer with droolers when you stop use or you don't want to taper or whatever, I would go and record and say absolutely use cratum to either taper or just use it in place of, yeah. For example, my dad, he's got nerve issues. He had an operation, went wrong left in paralyzed, but along it, along sorry. He's prescribed tramadol on like 300 milligrams a day and tramadolers and no people, but it's also an SNRI, a serotonin or epinephrine re-uptake inhibitor. There was rules that terrible, but he doesn't know what he was doing, you know, to now my gay, my aim is to get him stable on something like cratum, we call it cratum in England. I call it cratum. Oh, good. Also, I'll say that. But anyway, we weren't completely off over there, GABA. In KSM 66, yes, absolutely. We don't have long-term studies on Ashwaganda. I think 12 weeks is the longest. I think up to 600 milligrams per day. Clearly, say from where I told her right about those individuals, if you've been to much time, I read it. You'll see some crazy stuff with people. Like what? The red red. It's got no, Scour, can you believe this? It says redner has crazy stuff on it. Redder is, it amazes me. Redder, I think it's so interesting. You can be in a real, real open cells. It's the largest, crazy echo chamber of placebo effects I've ever seen. You know, it's like Ashwaganda gave me a reptile dysfunction for two years. You know, or I took Ashwaganda once and then I've been having panic attacks every day for, but really there's no sea really unlikely. Yeah, but you know, people say that we've drawn effects or paradoxical effects, the things that I can't say that I've ever seen that happen to anybody. And you've coached a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, it works well. But there's a, there's a turn of neutral, either we could talk about that. I think we'll be more relevant to body builders using that, um, a specifically looking to control maybe glutamate imbalances. I'm really interested in like actor protectors like bromentane, especially like intranaisal, okay, bromentane. That's something that upregulates tyrosine hydroxylase, which is the enzyme that produces dopamine. Just not direct dopamine agonists. Okay. But you can increase total neural dopamine. You could say with what, well, what would that make a person feel like? Um, so it's got anxiality effects. Meaning anxiety reducing, somebody, and it would be more sort of good mood, goal-oriented, but not stimulatory. But the main point here is that it's neuroprotective. It is neuroprotective. Yeah. So tell us about neuroprotection and why some of the supplements will be talking about or bigger on that. Well, why is that a lot of things in your opinion because they reduce neural inflammation? And that's really bad, isn't it? Mm-hmm. Or oxidative stress? Or some of them just directly work against some of their desensitization and downregulated to recept the size that you can see with excessive use of other pharmacological agents. Like you mentioned opia, so gabaragonists even a denocene agonist like caffeine and things like that. You mentioned magnesium. My deesium is an NMDA antagonist. So for tolerance of caffeine, for example, you will decrease your tolerance to caffeine if you take NMDA antagonist, especially potent ones like ketamine. Oh, shit. Yeah. We can't really do much after you take ketamine here. No, for a depends on what you take. You know, hours. Yeah. So if you've ever done a big injection, you've kept me in this. That's something that's not going down on the floor. If you like, yeah, psychanalogesparamys is that's one that, um, or really it takes you places? Oh, yeah. Is it addictive? Am I allowed to talk about something? Yeah, fuck yeah. Well, I did 200 milligrams intramuscular injection of cadamine. Yeah. And it was one of them and I've done high dose streams as well. You know, I've never taken an LSD. Maybe I've taken a high doses of 2 CB. Oh, does that does that do stuff? Ridiculous. Okay. Ridiculous. The time that I did, um, 120 milligrams. Your average recreational dose is 20 to 30. Nice. We had a 10 man Jake thought it'd be a good idea one day. That was full scale DMT like visuals. Break down of the visual field. Yeah. Like shapes and color. I remember I looked at my friends wall and it just went. Yeah. We put in the Tokyo scenery that I came through and I got it. And then I turned around at jazz and she was looking at me like she wasn't actually laughing. Yeah. And then she said to me something about like, I've turned the clocks back and I looked at the clock and it was spinning backwards and then the sun came back up. This was at night. Oh, my then time side moving backwards and I relive the whole night in reverse. Yeah, it was so and then my my shoved dealer ripped me off. No, I just take this was ridiculous. Holy shit. Okay. So what's ketamine like that? Just said I thought they're going, am I inside or am I outside? How long does that last? Oh, that is too long. What's too long? It was about six hours. I was starting to write that down to CD one on it. Does that fuck you rain up or make you an addict or degenerate? No, actually. It's similar to streams in the senses. It's like a HEC to a acne. Hard, hard reset. Yeah. Well, I've never had any kind of gum done with them from two to about half from MDMA, partly. MDMA is fun while you do it. Not so fun for a day and a half. Yeah. Me and my wife had a solo session last weekend. My name is. Yeah. We do it quite frequently. The MDMA and the body tattoo. To CB. I'm five. I'm gonna say the same time. Yes. She's like touching me. You're like, where? She's in five different parts of MDMA. To CB. Nitrous ketamine. All the same time. This definitely shouldn't go on you. What, you know, it's God. This is my only from past. Is it something not at the same time but staggered throughout an evening? Oh, nice. Wow. You really like to get a lot of most things in my life to autistic precision. My man, the alarm's on the phone for the perfect time in and well, yeah, like, you know, if you can still read a lot of phone. There's some of these is a little bit more of a time. What a close one. What is someone's time? What was catamit? What was catamit? What was catamit? MDMA. Yeah. So catamit would be one of their magnesiums one, agmitting soul face, another common one. Yeah. You know, these are considered neuroprotective because they reduce excitotoxicity. Not sure to make such a toxic. Yeah. Your brain just cranking into a hospital. Hypothetically, I at least believe, and antigens have a potent impact on glutamate. And that kind of excitotory signaling. So I think some for like magnesium, specifically the L3 and A, that seems to have the greatest effort because, of course, in the blood brain barrier, would be the best option for a bodybuilder type, yeah. And also, I think things like lithium or a tape or a good idea. Which is something like lithium should do pre people go lithium, you know, it's because it's traditionally used by bipolar for example. Yeah, that would just carbonate form. You know, low dose lithium, microdozed into a game reduce excitotoxicity because it directly inhibits nor epinephrine excretion. I think that would be a good idea. It was all about 5 to 10 milligrams. Do you ever have people dealing with like getting on antangestide drugs to try to bring down their anxiety from gear or do you think that's like a last line of defense? Well, the thing is like, yeah, a lot of people do get prescribed. What kind of anti-angestiatry drugs do you do when I bait the blockers? Beta blockers? There's a few more that are coming to mind right now that folks have mess with. There's a couple of things that do okay. Now, and our band's on this typically. I'm problem with those is you cannot manage the key, the word being, I don't want to get too full of software here, but the key would be a manage. Managing something is not the same as fixing it with. Sure. You know, so I would generally discourage. And this is coming from somebody that's had an anxiety disorder. You know, I would generally discourage the use of things that manage things. We know the only way is to desensitize the nerve because it anxiety's just an nervous system, response. You know, it's your perception of it. It's funny. You know, I remember reading this study at one point, sorry, it's another offshoot. Whereas they gave both participants the same drug that was sort of nearest to me, and then they had the research participants, act extremely stressed in front of one group, and then excited and happy in the other group. And then they monitor on the anxiety scale questionnaire, the response, you know, so. And when you're in an environment that's exciting and uplifting and you have the exact same neural environment, we'll say, like, high dopamine, high nor open f-rim, high cortisol, when you're doing something you love doing, like you're just a, let's say, two, two, three roll. It's great, you know, you want to say it's unbearable. You have exactly that same chemical magnitude, but if you have that trying to fall asleep, you're like, I'm having a panic. Or standing front of the garlic, people, right, it's horrible. So your perception of the event is the important thing, and how you're nervous system feeds back that information because it's all neuroplasticity in the direction, the way that you interpret it. Sure. You know, so that was a completely random. No, no, that's very, very insightful. So we have, so I forgot in my play a decent roll. Could you go over the law? If you don't tolerate actual kind of work, some people know, right? Yeah. What about CBD? I don't know a hell of a lot about CBD, but what I have seen is that those suggest required to reach clinical significance, a quite high and very expensive, but it does seem to have pretty solid anti-inflammatory, like systemic anti-inflammatory action. So certainly if it's something that you can afford, would seem to work well. Not something that either the person that used. Okay. Okay. And then extra amounts of vitamins and minerals for people that I'm gear. Yeah. So we do know that there's a dose response increase in oxidative stress with all PDUs. So therefore the amount of anti-oxidant defense you could say that you're going to require as a PDUs or is higher than the layperson. And it's going to be on a dose response. So the first thing that most bodybuilders don't do is to nail in your fruit and virgin take. Get a white as parent. Yeah. Get a wide variety of the most nutrient-dance foods that you can like. My clients always say 1.2 kilo combined fruits and veggies per day, minimum. It's going to serve you in many other ways as well. Fiber content. Micro-neutrium, potassium, super important. All of your micro-nutrition, fighter nutrients, antioxidants are going to be nailed in there to be honest. Now, farmers who to call antioxidants as well are a good option might not be forming. And then if you really want to go in, a comprehensive supplementary antioxidant protocol, I think is a good idea. Like what would be in it? Things like touring, which is also a GABA. It was like some GABA, so it will be calming. It will be a nervous system karma. I think glue to thio and if you can afford the s-assetil glue to thio and is a good idea. And that's all rule or if you can get glue to thio and ivy. Oh great, I did. Just use the oral s-assetil. How do you, you mean ivy like you have to ivy? Yeah. What you can go to an ivy? Or I think you can intro musculine do it. Glue to thio. Oh, but if you can get the s-assetil like strong do a product called glue to thio and mex, which is the s-assetil and if you can use that those daily, as equivalent to a bolus ivy dose of glue to thio anyway. Now, you can use NAC and assetil cysteine to shift that glue to thio, but what I will say is that NAC is a potent modulator of glue to me, which sounds like a good thing right off the bat, but it has pretty heavy impacts on dopamine-nergic function. For example, in research studies, co-administered NAC, and FETAMines, attenuates the stimulant effect of the unfettered me. So if you're somebody that that's kind of cool, how's ADHD and needs unfettered means to find, no it's not cool because it attenuates the dopamine output. Sure, I got you. If you only quench nor open effort and kept the dopamine sure, that'd be epic sure. Yeah, so people find that they can be a bit flat and a bit anodonic on NAC. If it doesn't do that to you, that's fine. But if you like stimulant, it's like if you like caffeine, you take NAC, you'll be pissed off because it will attenuate the effect pretty heavily. Sure. So also, a pecanoginal, which is a passive form of pine bark extract, has some solid clinical research to support efficacy and push-up glue to thio as well. So these are all anti-inflammatory anti-oxidate antioxidants and support overall health, brain health. Everything just works better when it's not an acratically inflamed. Yeah, and I mean, I could give you a list of a million, so look, not least, let me know. But a lot of supplements that I would deem useful for in enhanced population, but I think they would be the big hitters. Those are the big hitters. Joe, last question for you for today's chat. Second to last. Given all that we've talked about, what does this look like with compounds, dosages? For someone who wants to be in a, and I quote, TRT dad. Here's what I mean. Yeah. I mean, my 40s and my 50s. I don't want a replacement dose of testosterone or angions. I want to be out of 100 people in the top five for testosterone slash. Oh, so that's a good specific metric that you give me there. There you go. Because there's such variability when you work with people like this. So you're talking about being a vigenetic elite testosterone. I want genetically testosterone all the time. So you're talking about like 1,200 nanogram per deciliter or something now around. Yeah, so just, you know, a lot of people, the biological into individuality so wide, which for anybody that doesn't know, that just means the differential individual response to each total milligrams. Like my TRT dose is 200 milligrams a week and that has me like mid-le of the range. Oh, wow. Yeah, a lot of people here. I'm just a pussy. A lot of people that would be, you know, 1000 plus. But you know, 200 to maybe 300 milligrams per week is going to be that 1000 plus range. But you know, when you say TRT dad, I think a lot of people look for what's the most that I can take in absence of any like negative health cost given that I can sustain as well because it's a different amount of, I'm like blasting and cruising and all maybe this kind of titration and cruise or whatever. These people like Matt for example, my colleague upstairs, he retains 400 milligrams of exposure. Yeah, because over time we've sort of delineated this level. His blood work looks like this. And it always comes back like this and his echocardiogram doesn't change every six months. You know, so currently he's sustaining that exposure. No problem. Now where that is for everybody's going to be a little bit different. But I do find like talking in averages three and just to 500 milligrams per week is about that, you know, constant cruise that you can retain and be like Superman. And I can't wait for the day that I get this fertility strike done and I can do that myself. Boom. Don't you have two semanika do you have years left? Okay. But yeah, I mean, so TRT dad, 200 milligrams is probably a good place to start. Okay. And get blood work and it just from there. But then to layer on to that, I would recommend not filling up all the other metabolic pathways in the similar fashion growth hormone growth hormone met forming, tell me, Sartan insulin if you're hypercloric or even you, Cloric. Mm-hmm. Let's say I'm TRT dad or that upper end of still not paying any downsides. 200, 300, 400 ms of Androgen testosterone per week. Let's say I have a four to eight week period. During which I'm interested in getting a bit more anabolic oomph. Mm-hmm. Let's say it's a hypercloric phase. I want to gain a bit more. Let's say it's a hypocloric phase and I want to get a little bit more shreddy. Mm-hmm. But make sure I keep all my muscle maybe even grow a bit for the beach vacation or whatever. Sorry, holiday. I don't see people say hello. Is that when orals come into play? Oh, you could. But a could I get? What would you say? 48 weeks and I want to kick things up on a notch. What's the best Jojaffrey waiter go ahead and add that? I mean, orals would be nice because you don't have to wait for the slow cleave down of a longer ester at the other side of it to return back to your baseline. If this is a very acute goal like a holiday, you know, using an oral dht derivative like anovar especially which we know really isn't particularly hepatically toxic. It's nothing to really write home about has robust cosmetic impacts. You see what it does to shift that uh intracellular volume. It makes you round and fall and yeah, it's weird. The mechanism isn't really completely elucidated. You know, we don't literally turn what happens. I think it's Androgen to yeast rematioship because we know when there's a change in Androgen each germasure. This is well documented that fluid balance shifts to favor more intracellular versus extracellular retention. So it is going to drive more intracellular mineral retention substrate retention so it makes you look pretty fucking good. And of course, as a lipolytic impacts, all Androgen's do, you know, if that beta hydrogen energy, here's actually now it's a beta hydrogen energy. You got things like climbutral, you know, okay. So for fat loss phase is climbutral. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And that also spares muscle tissue in a special way. Yes. Also burns more. So I am a rainy bokeh on climbutral and you him been. Well, I went through all the data that I could possibly go through. If anybody's interested, it's on fzcolletube.com. The climbutraly book and the yhimbini book and we've also got a bundle we can get both of them. Everything you'll ever need to know about those molecules, how to use them, whether they need to be cycle, is their downregulation, decenstization, anything like that. But climbutral is fascinating as a molecule, sure. You know, I really enjoyed writing that ebook because I came across so many interesting things like daytoring humans up to 720 micrograms and these individual. Why, for reference, 40 to 80s typically the dose most people are using, how did people not just explode at 720? These were individuals that had heart failure already. Okay. Yeah. So they were testing essentially what the beta hydrogen energy receptor would do to something like hydro-fibilation or something like that. And what do they find? They were fine. They were fine. Well, they were going, don't go taking crazy doses. No, they're not like that. Yeah, they tartrate over a long period of time. Sure, sure. It's interesting because there is a decenstization to the sympathetic element, but the the live-politic beta-hydrogenergic action. There is no. These are silly. No, it actually seems like there's not regulation because they're so if you get used to 20 or 40 micrograms of clan instead of taking it out for a while and letting it wash out, keep it in, escalate until you're used to that. And the under the hood, beta-hydrogenergic stuff, and the fat loss stuff just keeps happening more and more and more. Whereas you don't know, feel a crazy caffeine, shit anymore and you get some sleep finally. Exactly. Get the fuck out of here. Scott, order me more clan. I've never taken clan. Stimulants are not for me. Really? No, psychologically. It just... You might blow me up. What do you feel when you take simulants? Anxious and very precise and not creative. I can do math problems like you would never believe. But also if I have to interact with other humans, it's bad time. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately, I'll just keep taking them. My man. Yeah, it's tough to quit them, but once you quit them and you norm out, you realize there's like gradations of emotion you haven't experienced all the time. Yeah. Just the scream of stimulants has kind of washed away. Joe, as far as getting your own responses to these things that we talked about today, how often is blood work recommended? And one of the tests people aren't getting, but they should be in their blood work. Because everyone gets a test people. That's a good one. That's a good one. We'll just talk about the tests. You're after describe any of them. Just which test should I be getting and how often? Just to stand on the right side. Well, I think we all know sort of the basic blood panel when you get hematology. You know, you're our BC panel that's going to have hematocreat him, a globe, an et cetera, et cetera. You know, people use again. You normal renal panel that's about a pile of panel renal. Yeah. He's loving to far on it. Maybe go ahead. HP, I wouldn't see. If I was going to talk about numbers that I think more body builders should get, I think sustatency is a great one. Okay. And flammatory marker. No. What is it? It's a renal marker. So you're thinking about sea reactive proteins. My bad. I'm a faggot. So, si starting seeing. So for example, you know, you're creating a bit, your creatinine is always heavily escalated on your blood work because you're very muscular. A little bit. Yeah. So creatinine is part of the EGFR equation. So you've got a full cesscalation on creatinine that's then feeding into that GFR equation and pushing your GFR in a full direction because it's escalated due to muscle mass, not due to your renal feeling kidney. Yeah. So si starting to see eliminates the creatinine element facing equation. Yeah. So HPA1C for blood glucose, long term monitoring. Okay. No one's ever really diabetic in the sports. So just like I like home or I are for insulin sensitivity. And then I think a year in Alice's for microalbuminorea as well. If you've got any renal issues, there's a good idea to get a really clear view of what's going on there. But I'd more so because body builders are going to get in blood work. And you know what? It's not hard, I'm good blood work. You know, people can have good blood work and not be particularly healthy. You know, what I will say is as well, lipid wise, HDL attenuation is going to occur from hydrogen use. There's nothing that you can do about it. Sure. We know that hydrogen's media, a decrease in HDL. We don't actually know if that means anything. So whether it's important or not, we can't say it. But we do know the LDL has a causal relationship to cardiovascular. Does the higher LDL the worse it is for? Yes. So LDL is one that absolutely you need to control. But if you have heavy genetic LDLs given, there's nothing you can do about it. Echo cardiograms going to be your main portal called to look at cardiac. And how often should you be getting one of those? Every six months like daily and echo. Yes. Holy shit. I mean, my preference would be, but at least once a year. Once a year. Yes. So your blood work every six months or every three months. I mean, I'm talking competitors, competitors, people are like, what about TRT dad? How often is he? Once a year for him? Yeah. So once a year, a good solid health screening with Echo. Yeah. Might as well throw an EKG in there. If you get like cardiac ultrasound. Yep. What was actually like? Well, it was as well. Is what I would recommend that you do is keep a sort of detailed log of all of your PDUs. And then every time you get an echo, monitor the changes in ejection fraction and ventricular hypertrophy. And you can run this kind of calculation like a x exposure, x milligrams over the last 12 months did this. So prospectively, if I do x milligrams over the next 12 months, it might do this so that you prevent yourself running into that sort of negative, let's say 55% ejection fraction where you don't want to be doing this thing anymore. Right. The idea with blood workers to give you some warning time to change what you're doing. Yeah. You just tell you, hey, you're dying. Like, like it. Yeah. Blood work often is a bit like, you know, door that you need to open to investigate further. Yeah. As well. Yeah. I think 40 cells are good marker to get as well for as quite hard for us to get in the UK. But I think yeah. Yeah. DHA as well. I would check it's not a normal in the CEO, pregnant alone, so fate as well as another one that I think is worth checking in on. There are the only unusual ones I can think of right off the bat. Sure. If this is all too confusing for me as a viewer, it's too confusing for me already as a host. How do I get in touch with you or somebody like you to help me out? Right. So the absolute easiest way to access all of my material or ask me a question or I can almost guarantee answer any question that you already have is to get the physique collective app. So if you go on the app store or the play store and search physique collective, the app will pop up. It's only 999 a month. You can sign up and get the answering cancel if you want. It's fine. Because you're still a passion project for us. We don't take any money out of the company. I mean, I don't know that. So we are really trying to just develop the most comprehensive educational experience for PDUs. We've got something like 300 hours of video content on the whole crap. Yeah. I just hit 8,000 replies on my question and answer thread. So I've answered 8,000 questions on that now. Do it every single day. So if you sign up, I can almost guarantee the question that you've got has already been answered or there'll be a video on it. Videos are in all languages, subtitled, easy to find, etc. Wow. Yeah. So if you want to directly message me to book in a consultation at Joe underscore for Z collective on Instagram. Amazing. Scott, are we going to throw his Instagram with a description? Thank you. My man, Joe, this has been as always every time I talk to you, I learn a bunch of new stuff. And I have a huge attachment to my ego and I don't like to admit that I didn't know stuff. So let me restate that statement. I already knew everything you told me, but I protected it. I was in there. Yeah. I think so. And to train them. Of course. Huge honor to have you and hopefully we'll see more of you on the channel. Yes. Thank you, my colleague. All righty. Folks. Bye.