Food X causes disease. Why? And the reason we know this is surveys of people who ate food and didn't eat food and we looked up their disease conditions in the medical charts. By the way, this is headline gold. If you're a press writer in the mainstream media and you need an nutrition article, your next title of the article is, does half an egg a day prevent cancer? Or, if the really slow news day, does a whole egg per day cause heart disease? Easy. This is when you get from aggregate data and it's basically useless. Don't overhaul your diet because of one headline. A lot of people think this is a core ventricial science and they want a lot of data out of it that's very good and that's just not where good data comes from. Introducing the all new RP diet coach app, our biggest update ever. We've heard your feedback and added tons of features that you have been asking for. Adjust your macros your way, shift your macros and calories data data in between meals and get instant guidance when your plans change. Need how you like crush your goals and get in the best shape of your life. Click the link in the description to get started. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP strength and I have a question for you is nutrition science broken? Some would say yes. Others would say also yes. At let's take a look. So nutrition science has a problem and that problem is that very many people think they're getting a lot of insight out of nutritional science. Whereas the real nutritional science, TM registered trademark, Rana sounds piracy. Is only able currently for the most part to speak in generalities, minimums and maximums and not make very precise specific predictions. And there are a few ways in which nutrition science is in a sense broken or being wildly misapplied. Don't want you guys to fall for these traps. We're not talking about five ways in which nutrition science is a very limited how to improve it but also how because you're probably not a scientist, maybe and how you can use nutritional science to your best benefit without getting ripped off and ending up taking recommendations that were based on hashtag science but really weren't as scientific as you may have been led to believe. So we're going to talk about five things. We're going to talk about food surveys and they're pretty gargantuan limitations but also which you can get out of them. We're going to talk about the ingredients of supplements from headlines of studies to what actually supplements do in the body. We're going to talk about good foods versus evil foods. Essentially if you've ever been to the Scot you, you know the grocery store, all those like homemaker magazines when you're caching out. Yeah. Whether like the new super food that'll boost your what you like, shit like that, right? We'll get to that and then micro biome hype which there's a lot got bacteria stuff and then flashy gym extras that are flashy gym extras and some nutritional science which is not exactly up to par being misinterpreted is going to try to portray as like a really really big deal. Number one food surveys are in other words how many cups of broccoli did you eat last year? What are food surveys? They're essentially big checklists asking people how often they ate hundreds of foods over months or years previously. Sometimes you do a food recall questionnaire over the last three days but typically food surveys are just like over the last six months or over the last year. Now the good news is they are cheap and scalable. The bad news like you can get a food survey out to 10,000 people no problem. The bad news is human memory is mildly unreliable, not just for a data sense which is also unreliable but from a bias sense. And also the way you ask some questions is so discordant with how people process information, sometimes you don't get very good results. For if I was to ask you for about how long do you tend to have sex with your loving partner assuming you have a loving partner and have had sex before? You might be like oh I don't know like 20 minutes 30 minutes five hours whatever you say whatever you into. Scott. 27. Thank you. I was going to say waiting for the units here by man 20 seconds in and out. And so if you ask many people how long do you have sex for an average of half sex they'll be able to give you like a number that makes some sense. But imagine if I asked you in some kind of strange units of the sum total of which is still a logical answer your brain doesn't process. Scott, how many times any typical week do you stroke in and out of the vaginal orifice? Total area under curve. Really easy number for me to. 27 like I said one second in one second out twice a week. So that way to construct that question is like I don't count stroke. How count strokes? I got multiply sessions into weeks and how many strokes per minute. I'm not doing any of that that's all nonsense right away that's just garbage data. And so when they ask you and how many fruit servings did you eat last year, how do you even begin to ask that question with a modicum of good data? You can even try to be honest with this. It's almost impossible if you to caricature your real life into a good answer to that question that someone could be like how sure are you about this? You're like I mean barely at all. I'm really just guessing right? So what these surveys should be able to tell us, sometimes doing sometimes don't are broad patterns which eating styles linked to health or disease states at a population level, not individual level. Now food report surveys break in at least three different ways or across styles. One is people overreport, people underreport, people miss remember. What do they do? There's this bias in the laboratory setting, especially when you're filling out a known health questionnaire, most people not all, most people enough to skew the data will underreport bad stuff. How many times did you eat out at fast food last year? You're like, you it's way more than that. And then they overreport how much healthy stuff they're doing. How many cups of broccoli did you eat last year per week? You're like, I'm not going to have a ton of things. If there's a light crit scale and you can circle a box, it's the biggest box or the second biggest thing. You're like circling the second most impressive box so that you're like you're good but you're not trying to take crazy credit. You know? Yeah, it's so humble. Right. Like how big is your cock? It's big. It's big. It's big. You know? Yeah. So people do that all the time. People miss remember all the time. Sometimes they miss remember just like I just have no idea and sometimes they think they know but they're actually just hallucinating. Happens all the time, not a big deal. You know, how many times did people ask you to recall accurate details? Scott, last Tuesday, what brand of jeans were you wearing? Like, with the f- I don't know. I don't even know did I wear jeans last Tuesday? Did I even put on clothes last Tuesday? It's not a guarantee. Yes. Another thing is, airs tend to cluster by body size. People who are larger tend to wildly under-report their food and take surprise because they eat too much in their little shame divided. They shouldn't be ashamed but it's understandable. Another one is by diet style. When you're on that, let me go and say, and I make these jokes all the time. White people, I love you. You all agree. I'll fund them. I'll love and respect all, you don't say anything. And, you know, say some rich ass white people diets. Like if you eat like at Whole Foods all the time, you're going to be putting in the UE to trillion veggies even though you may or may not just because you're a diet style as an ultra-healthy, you're just going to conform to that expectation. And of course social habits, people who exercise, people who go on hikes and stuff like that, they'll fill these surveys out in a way that is biased specific to their group that you wouldn't get with any other group. So one thing is to get biases that are random or statistically aggregated to average. Like everyone under reports or over reports, XYZ, but they're even true here. There are subgroups, large subgroups of people that make the data very difficult to apply. And of course, very, very fuzzy input to output claims. So you say, you know, food x causes disease, y. And the reason we know this is surveys of people who ate food and didn't eat food and we looked up their disease conditions in their medical charts. That's really, really shaky. And what we can't be sure of, for sure, is exactly that. Tiny effects from single foods gotten from food surveys. So for example, you'll see, by the way, this is headline gold. So if you're a press writer in the mainstream media and you need an nutrition article, ignore everything I just said, do the very literal opposite. So you're next title of the article is just half an egg a day prevent cancer or if it really slow newsday, the next day you go, does a whole egg per day cause heart disease? Easy. XYZ, egg, or whatever changes risk by XYZ amount. This is when you get from aggregate data and it's basically useless. There was a Scott, do you remember there was a newspaper article a while back ago or like some hubbub going around. They found that eating eggs was multiplying your cardiovascular risk more than smoking cigarettes. I don't, but I can't keep track of all the egg. Yeah, when a controversial food, the egg, you know, the best, it's the worst I don't know anymore. You're doing some like blind dating and you're like, okay, like who's up next to your friends picked them? They're like, he's a really good guy. Like, okay, what does he do for? He's actually a high power corporate lawyer like, okay, is he tall? Like, he's 63. Like, okay, so like, we're YZ blind date. What's the cash? You like, he's an egg. Like, you want me to die of cancer on the day? Like, do you put his good for heart disease? Like, I'll cut damn it. I had to go Google him and see all this nonsense. So all that kind of stuff is just not something you can derive from this kind of data people do it all the time. Now, what's still true? What can we get out of these surveys? They can rank general patterns, very general patterns, for example, people who eat more plants and people who eat fewer ultra processed foods tend to have better health outcomes. That's in part because of the plants and ultra processed foods, but especially with ultra processed foods, it's that even directly because they're not ultra processed. We think it's ultra processed foods tend to be high palinability, high calorie load, and tend to cause colorech excess, which is really what causes the bad stuff. Usually it's a very small fraction of the ultra processing itself. Because remember, Casey and protein, way protein, egg protein, all that stuff, all the protein shakes wildly, insanely highly processed foods. I mean, the processed into a, you know, when's the last time you guys saw chocolate powder come out of a cow's fucking butter? Never happens. How the hell does it look like chocolate powder? What is made of milk? How much processing you get to have something that look completely different? Imagine you bought broccoli, but it was in the form of a black solid bar. You'd be like, okay, oh, your broccoli doesn't look like this, but we all take way protein and they're like, oh, yeah, it's healthy, and it's totally right. Way protein is healthy. It's not the processing per se that makes it bad. It's the fact that people who eat a lot of well, eat at 7-11s and Burger King's tend to overeat their calories and have a lot of not so great for you fats and high concentrations, and all that's where all the health comes from, all the bad health stuff. So the bigger picture of stuff is okay, the precise personal recommendations like me is an individual who's 47 years old and lives in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and rides it by three times a week to work should I be having a four eggs a day or five eggs a day survey literature can not give you that answer. So don't get ripped off, don't overhaul your diet because of one headline. You guys, this is such a big deal. People, I've seen this, I'm 41 years old. I've seen this common go even since I was a child. Scott, do you remember in the early late 90s, early mountains, they were basically the milk wars? Were like every other study or headline was like milk is causing cancer and it's going to kill you and every other one was like milk, because in immortality food, like, it's the same as eggs. The same as eggs, the same as eggs, meat's been through all of this. More recently, veggies have been found to have anti nutrients in them. So eating broccoli is bad. Don't re-haul your whole diet, uh, overhaul your whole diet because of one headline that would be really stupid and look for agreement across methods. If you have studies that show food and takes, very good logs or resenci logs, let's last day of eating type of stuff, photos of foods, laboratory markers of blood work, short trials where they replace foods and your own experience of foods. If all those line up, you're like, okay, olive oil seems like everything lines up and when I eat lots of olive oil and less butter, I actually feel better. My blood work is better for myself, looks like olive oil is in. That's how to do it instead of just looking at surveys. Now, for the science side, how to fix the science, I mean, using logging apps that have photos that you take of every single food. This is getting better and better. Again, you can just like eliminate foods from the photo and then eat it later and not log. That's still a problem. Barcode stuff, um, the best way to do it is usually just to have small groups living inside of a hospital, metabolic ward and they get to eat kind of whatever they want and then you sort of follow along and see how they do. That's really, really tough to do. I'll also sharing data so others can replicate your work is a really, really good thing. So, uh, that's the situation for a self reporting food surveys. A lot of people think this is the core of nutritional science and they want a lot of data out of it that's very good and that's just not where good data comes from. Number two, uh, from headlines to bottles, the supplement to hype conveyor belts. So what's happening? People, uh, we find in maybe even a pretty good study that people often just from case reports, people who eat more of nutrient acts get less disease or more rustle or something like that. Uh, we take acts, whatever that new train is, we put it in a pill and then we do big trials on it and the big trials often show little or no benefit and sometimes even show harm. That's right. That's a real thing. And so a lot of people by the time they got the data of, okay, the food, the big food surveys say people who eat more of acts have less of X disease and then they see the supplement that has more of X in it. They just buy it. And then the studies come out later that saying, hey, actually this doesn't do anything, but they've already spent $200 on pills and God knows what effect on their health. Ideally, what studies like this should tell us is which isolated nutrients actually reduce the probability of disease in real life over the years. But this stuff breaks in at least three different ways. Eating a nutrient in whole foods is not the same thing as taking a pill in many ways. One, is nutrients combined with others can enhance order tracked absorption. Another way is if you have one food that you have tested and it's got an amount of some kind of something in there that seems to improve health, what you're actually looking at is maybe five or six other or maybe five or six hundred other compounds that could be doing the work you just don't measure them on the back end. So if you say, aha, we feed people more meat and they become more muscular and it's the creatine in the meat that's doing this. So you need more creatine. And some of the reason I hand like what about the protein in it? Like, ah, yeah, well, I guess it could be the protein, huh? Good job, Johnson. You moved to the front of class and all of a sudden it's like, but we've been feeding people creatine for years and thinking that's the only thing that meat does. That's not the exact example because luckily that's not a thing with creatine. But this happens all the time. You know, you pick eggs of some random vitamin in eggs and you're like, this is the vitamin the people aren't getting enough of and it's generally not the case. A lot of times the studies that have the situation where they, you know, people, the more of X and they get less disease, it turns out the confounder variable is these people are just eating health, healthier food overall and have healthier lifestyles. You get people who do a lot of physical activity, who sleep early while, who manage a stress well, who are not obese, who are having a really good family dynamic and relationships and eat mostly healthy foods, you control sorts of correlations like hides, the fiber and the fibers are good thing but it's not going to save you from a diet and lifestyle that's total shit and a lot of times people say like, oh, it's the fiber that's doing all this work like, no, no, the fiber does 5% of it. 95% of the difference between groups is all the other stuff that you should be doing that's not caught up in the data and the problem with the big breaking is when you properly test those, you see, two groups, one group of supplements, X, the other group gets a placebo after 12 weeks. There's a C no change, you know, sometimes even worse health markers for the people supplementing and then that's where shit hits the fan, which is why kind of nutrition science is broken. Do you see we get initial data saying, hey, this is a cool relationship, people run with it and then we actually test the relationship rigorously in double blind placebo control trials. We end up having sometimes very disappointing results and by then, people have already spent a lot of money and some of those people, so convinced the supplement is good for them. You're not even going to talk them out of it after that. So what we can't be sure of from these kinds of relationships is what specific groups might benefit from inadequate nutrients. Do we see on a population level we found that more people eat XYZ nutrient and they have better outcomes, but is that true for people of all the same different genetics, right? Is that true of people who have true deficiencies only or is this a nutrient aware of the more you eat up to a point the better it is even if you're not truly deficient. Because a lot of people say like, all like you need more vitamin D and it's like, well, what's your vitamin D level right now? Like, why don't I just take more? Like, well, shouldn't you take enough to get it normal and then stop after that? Like, I don't know, more is better. And sometimes more is better, protein to a very high point more is better, but for some vitamins and minerals as soon as you have enough, you're good to go. We can't tell with these kinds of studies and of course certain conditions. Like some fraction of the population might have a condition where they inappropriately process some nutrient and they are the big data set that experiences these benefits, but we don't know that. We don't even know this condition is real. Look, all looks like 53% of the sample improved their health as a result of this pill and it turns out just half of them have this deficiency that are, or certain condition that nobody else has, you don't know that. You buy this supplementary. This is going to improve my health and it turns out there was not wrong with you to begin with. It's kind of like caffeine and urgagenics for people that have naturally a lot of energy and wake up really kind of fresh in the morning. Like to then, stimulant pre-workouts don't do nearly as much as it is to people who really need the boost. But when you study stimulant pre-workouts, that's not accounted for and you would say, well, everyone benefits from this incredibly, which is absolutely not the case. Now, what's still true about this? Fixing real deficiencies absolutely matters. If you go to the doctor's office and you get your blood worked on and it shows you are deficient in vitamin D, supplementary with vitamin D is usually a very good idea, ideally from Whole Foods, but even pills are way better than not. And a few basics help in clear cases. Creatine supplementation, fiber supplementation if you're deficient in that, things like that, but most miracle pills, oh, this new formula was found to blob- blob- blob, mostly they do nothing unfortunately. Now, if you want to know how to not get ripped off. First of all, if the claim is prevents heart attacks, but the study reference doesn't actually measure heart attacks, it measures some kind of composite, third tier cardiovascular disease predictive score that's not even direct. And I probably wouldn't pay money for something that has such a long reach to the actual target that it wanted to affect. What you want, if you're going to take supplements, it looks for a look for pre-plan trials, which means they say we're studying this, so they can't fudge the methods ahead of time. And clear doses, robust doses from good sources, human outcomes, not just road data, ideally, and independent repeats. This is something that creatine and caffeine and way protein all have had for them in hundreds of studies, so we know they're good. But if a new supplement comes out and it might do something based off on road and study, how do you, is, man, I just probably wouldn't invest into it for safety, for sure, and also for getting your hopes up on effect. Of course, on the fixing of science side, it's a good idea to start using genetic tests for people and then modifying their intake to see how that interacts with genetics. Based line blood levels are also good to test. Like vitamin D supplements can be shown to work really well. And people who have poor genetics for converting skin radiation into the part of the process to make vitamin D and for people who have low vitamin D levels. But it turns out for people who have good conversion in normal sunlight and for people that are have high vitamin D levels to begin with. It turns out supplementing is not a good idea and just everyone should be on more vitamin D might not be the thing. And of course, running, and this is something we'll hear a lot already heard a lot from, run focused, well-designed, long enough trials, and then publish all the data even the duds. There's a problem that sometimes people run a study, especially if it's corporate funded or if it's lab funded by someone with an ideological interest, then which is almost all the time, then the the studies and say what they want, they might just like shelve the study, not publish it, and then publish another study and said that comes up with good results. So you can see like half the time the results say doesn't do anything, half the time it says it does something a little bit. If you just don't ever publish the studies that say it doesn't do anything, you're like, oh my god, 95% of the study say it does something. It's called a file drawer effect. It's a really nasty thing in science and we should be steering really, really clear that sort of thing. Because something doesn't work is just as good of data as something does work. It tells us something about the world. Like if you use data from your visual field to figure out how room looks, there is not a 400-pound safe next to the door is just as good of data for you as there is a 400-pound safe over by the wall. It's good data either way, not having something somewhere is known thing. This doesn't improve your mood or your body composition or your health as far as the supplement goes is a really good data because then you could not buy it, not have to take it whereas if we only publish positive data we get a real distorted distorted mix of what's going on. Next, number three, good foods versus evil foods, otherwise known as the Halo Horns trap. Scott, I was looking for something in email that I logged onto your computer and I noticed you have pictures of digital life foods that have both Halo's and Horns at the same time and they're in like angel devil composite outfits. What if that mean? I mean it's like, you know, it's like hot in your right. Right, like issue good girl or bad girl. Yeah, girl sometimes I'm in the mood for good, sometimes I'm in the mood for bad, not even get both, you know, in one pack. What if you're in the mood for good but devil girl shows up? I guess I need to be punished. Yeah, what if you're in the mood for bad but angel girl show up? And after a while you're like, how does the idea just kind of want more than making out and hugging? Yeah, that would suck. That would suck. What? Where worry? Here's the deal with good foods and evil foods. The internet loves to war about this and there is a warrior in the comments two of them at least. Natural foods, Karen versus Seedoils never enter my body, Frank. And then that versus each other, they're versus the whole rest of the world. They know the truth that some foods are fucking poison and other foods will save you. It's got how many times have you read renditions of like kind of like a little mini life history of that they were intarable health etc. Then they started eating macadamia not oil and it just they have an after picture of them with like a six pack or an eight pack like every time. Every time this is what did it for me and I'm scientifically illiterate. So clearly this is what worked and has to work for everyone else. So we got saints olive oil, berries, we got sinners, butter, sugar, seed oils and we want to know what's good and what's bad. We want very simple and unfortunately that's not the reality. Ideally what these sorts of insights should tell us is what to replace with what? Not is fat bad but if I eat less butter what's the better swap because I'm still having the same amount of fat what kind of fat is better than not? Where does this break? First studies often ignore the swap. If you trade butter for pastries you're trading butter for the same amount and even more fat arguably plus more carbs and thus more calories. So you're going to say yeah I cut out butter but just replaced it with snack foods and I didn't get any health care. That's a bad idea. And remember if you tell people to cut out butter they have a certain hunger level. They cut out their butter. You're not telling them what to replace it with. They're just going to replace it with probably more bullshit food and that's not any better than butter. A better trade is replacing butter with olive oil which could be a really good thing. The other thing is not all saturated fats are created equal and the vessel in which they come very much determines how good or bad they are for you in context for example cheese and butter and pastries all have saturated fats but cheese and butter and pastries and especially whole milk affect your health very differently based on the circumstance. Headlines will flatten context which is dose and person and blood markers. If you have a gazillion pounds of butter and your person that reacts really poorly to high blood fats, you will have blood markers that show that you are really really really not so good health eating butter. Another person who eats a moderate amount of butter not a ton responds really well to those fats can have like all the butter they want and their health is totally great and inevitably you will hear from those people in the comments as well as if to retort. Well, I lots of butter and I'm fine. He thinks Jim I guess it's all some kind of data. It's just not very good data. So we can't be sure from this kind of insight is one perfect limit for everyone. People respond differently. Oh my god, Scott my dad sent me this one charlatan stick on YouTube who doesn't even like his an selfie speaks English. It's like translated and he sort of appears awkwardly in like the bottom left hand corner of the YouTube videos and he exclusively targets older people. So all his videos are like men in your 70s what you need to know and a lot of it's about a rectile dysfunction and like he's like recommends exact amounts of food Scott like two eggs per day in the morning for breakfast. And my dad's like is that good and I'm like oh god oh my god. It's like elderly abuse that's like f-dop you're like targeting the elderly because they're like 100% and by his 100% that's messed up. In awful people respond differently. How many eggs should you have for breakfast is not an answerable question outside of context? If you respond really well to high levels of saturated fat which some people do. If you have a high protein diet which some people need, if you're a larger individual and you need plenty of calories and you tend to work a little bit better mentally on lower carbs than higher carbs, you can legitimately have eight eggs for breakfast every fucking day of your life and be the healthiest version of you that you can be. If you have opposite characteristics you're a smaller person. If you are really sensitive to a lot of cholesterol and a lot of saturated fats for a blood work it doesn't do you any good and you're not in a particular you know you get your protein from other sources guess how many eggs you can have for breakfast and be your healthiest self. Zero. Anyway routine zero and literally like a dozen eggs could be the answer for you. So when someone says up two eggs a day is recommended it is in nonsense advice for any real human to apply it is absolutely nonsense advice period. What's still true? Swapping some things for others can work swapping some animal fats out and swapping in nuts and seeds and olive oils tends to improve bad cholesterol and related particles in most people though not all. Here's another piece of good news from a lot of this kind of data we've learned that eggs and dairy on average look neutral to modestly helpful for health within the context of an overall solid diet. So the entire thing about fearing eggs and dairy is out completely but at the same time if you are an individual person you should be eating in a certain way and checking blood markers every now and again to see how you respond because people are different in subtle ways that matter. How to not get ripped off when someone says you should eat XYZ you will compare to what if they can't answer compared to what if they're comparison sucks you don't have to take their advice for example. RFK in his infinite wisdom says that we need to replace seed oils with beef talo. Now if you look at the research on how beef talo affects health it's the same as seed oils. Arguably worse if you extracted and and calorie control and everything like that. If you're eating fast food beef talo ain't don't save your ass. So that is a non-sense replacement that's dead in the water. Another great RFK line thinks RFK is that if we use cane sugar real sugar and soda it'll be better than high fructose corn syrup and that's old amounts of we actually have recorded a whole video in how that's all total bullshit. So don't get ripped off when people say this is better than that look for the hard data to show that's actually true don't be like oh that makes sense it's natural and here's the thing if you prefer for example higher fat foods watch your own weight trends and blood work. If you're eating plenty of saturated fats when your blood work is really goddamn good try eating lower saturated fats higher unsaturated amounta onesaturated fats and do that for a few months. If your blood work is no better or even a little worse and you feel not so great or you feel the same it looks like every answer is for you but if your blood works way better still on those modified less saturated fats than shit and you know you got an answer for how to stay healthier for longer you have to try the shit yourself you can't just take baseline advice how do we fix the science and better swapping longer trials better adherence and trials good luck figuring that out check real out real outcomes so follow people for a long time after to see if their disease conditions change lab signals short term eight week diet and it looks like my you know various cholesterol life approach change is good insight but not perfect insight. Number four this is a big one luckily it's on the downslope a few years ago it was a really really big deal because again white women found out about it and they do go on social media lot the microbiome okay what is the microbiome it's all of the bacteria they have in your gut okay and these there's like trillions of them in there these bacteria and they have different populations and different kinds of bacteria and usually in a balance they're pretty good for you they're actually critical to your health but if you eat some kinds of foods less and more kinds of foods more than the fraction of various bacteria can change and that can affect first of all how your poop looks and smells it also actually potentially affect your health absolutely now what it ideally the science should tell us and doesn't is which exact strains of bacteria that if you have more of a lesser of help fix which problems at what doses for which people and how long those changes last and how universal they really are in the real world there's a lot of breaking points here different labs get different answers their methods vary for samples are often small and inconsistent and cause an effect tend to be tangled we find someone who has dyspiosis which really just means we don't like what we see it's not the typical pattern did the dyspiosis cause their health problems are their health problems causing the dyspiosis is it both because imagine you had health problems that caused your gut bacteria to be dyspiotic or out of whack and we fixed your gut bacteria well now hold on a second that doesn't fix the actual problem is it imagine you found liver king and due to his you know interesting use of steroids he's beat red and you're like oh we can fix the redness and so you just give him a cream to rub on a skin that makes his skin looks like a normal you know Caucasian color person well you're like hey we did it his skin is fine like this but the skin was being caused by high blood pressure and various androgen effects that's what's actually killing him the dyspiotic bacteria could be a result of your health or a cause or both and a lot of that we just don't know what we can't be sure of them is that specific strain of your you know of bacteria is causing your specific issue and if we fix it is that going to be a thing that fixes it or do the effects just come back months later what is still true what we know for sure in the microbiota world and the gut bacteria world is that better diet quality which in this case means more plants more minimally processed foods more fiber comes with more plants and some fermented foods not like crazy white woman and whole foods everything is fermented kind of energy not just the gut in a generally a you buy adic situation where we don't think anything's thrown off the effects are typically modest they're not magical here's how not to get ripped off and this is a big one this is something I actually learned doing the research for this I didn't know this is a big deal probiotics are often strain specific so if you're taking a probiotic certain kind of bacteria will enhance itself in your gut but how do you know how those puzzle pieces fit together probiotics most people just take they're like probiotics they're good for your gut they're like how they're like they help the good bacteria like how do you know it's good bacteria how do you know you don't have too much good bacteria and now it's bad bacteria like I don't know any of those things I actually which is still by that shit right right but but Scott but the heroin grocery store packages the probiotics and such a nice package of course they do and that it's cheap as well in no no it's expensive which tells me it really works oh yeah what you think they'd really charge me a lot of money for something to do oh yeah here's the thing there's only one real thing and that's your condition that you have with your actual strain that's dysbiotic how you control that strain that's an individual case and general stuff doesn't really apply it if a label on a gut product promises effort with effortless weight loss decrease inflammation blah blah blah you can gently put it back and walk away it's almost certainly doesn't do that now how do you fix the science really just need more science here standard lab methods across sites track exact strains instead of just like all there's more less bacteria share data and code run bigger longer trials a lot of these things are the same we just need more and better science luckily ayes here to come help us with that but we need a lot more science until we can make it very precise recommendation lastly number five flashy gym extras like timing various powders and other we can call unicorns take this and it'll be amazing what this is is trying to give you kind of tiny edge tactics perfecting your meal timing and citing studies branch chanamine o acids exotic boosters that promise you a new you by while Thursday of the latest what the studies here should tell us in nutritional science ideally they don't is they should give a small reliable benefits once total protein total calories and training are equated that means we know it's the supplement causing you problem here's where the breaking points are when daily protein is matched timing mostly fades away it's still like 10% of the equation but 10% sure it should not 50% it turns out that if you eat enough daily protein how often you need to eat protein is much more of a while just get it all in for the day and you're pretty much good if you want to optimize that's there for you that if you're under eating protein timing matters a lot because your body's running an empty here here's a great way to put this analogy if you only get to fill up your car with a gallon of fuel at a time or you know 5% charge on your electric car timing the gas stations or charging stations is critical so you're not left out in the middle of the road with no charge or no fuel but if you get full tank or full battery charge you know you're driving for hundreds of miles it doesn't matter same goes for protein most studies do not account for that here's another interesting insight branch chain amino acids don't be simply eating enough complete protein so why would you be say is if a way protein is just better way protein not only gives you the branch chain amino acids it also gives you all the other amino acids not to just stimulate the construction not to just be anti-catabolic but be pro-anabolic as well it's just better period it's like you get a 200 you pay you pay a 500 hours for a computer one of them is just the CPU and one of them is the same CPU plus a really awesome monitor where you're going to spend your 500 dollars it's ridiculous to get another whole thing for it and arguably protein is a usually cheaper than BCA's so figure that one out you're really really getting screwed up for the money thing and very often popular powders for example glutamine which Scott people actually still buy remember we did that um yes thing if you want to go and it was like hundreds of millions of dollars a year spent in glutamine guys glutamine never did anything except for people who are really really sick with intestinal problems and their immune system was stopped that's the only way glutamine helps you that's it all right so everyone is is getting it ripped off with glutamine and it's a little pixie dust bullshit doesn't work now what we can't be sure of is that these kinds of general eat enough protein things wipe away everything for example under conditions of very low calories you may need more protein and timing might matter more extreme training loads might also modify that and for older lifters we know that timing and protein amount is more important so we can't just say all nothing matters because that that's the other tempting thing to do is really just get enough protein you could go like that's not it that's not it by long shot it's a better approximation than timing matters a ton but you can say hey look getting enough proteins the most important thing timing makes the difference but if you get it remotely correct it's most of the batter right there what's still true is the big rocks still win enough protein calories match to your goal progressive training solid sleep and if you want to take supplements there's a few that are good to examples of creatine and caffeine they work damn near every single time how to not get ripped off is by asking questions like okay so when you've got you're saying this supplement helped was protein and take match between groups was where the groups both training with these weight trained populations you can't answer those it's not a good idea to take the supplements because you just don't know other things you want is multi week studies and trained lifters with the real outcomes strength muscle size performance measures of various kinds body fats not single session blips if you show that you take a supplement in all the sudden that triggers antibiotic machinery that in many studies has shown to actually cause long-term growth but in many studies a little blip on the antibiotic machinery does nothing for the overall long-term because your body instantly descents the ties is to it and the next time you take the supplement nothing happened and you've only had enough area under the curve for growth for like 30 minutes at a time out of 24 hour day you're growing extra for 30 minutes by 5% and so and that mutes itself after a while because your body's just like I had I've seen the supplement before doesn't work and so how do you know that a supplement causes muscle gain man ideally you have a study where two groups double wine one takes the supplement one doesn't in the other group actually gain substantially more muscle or at least more rep strength or something like that any kind of real outcome data is really good acute studies they're not so awesome in this regard how to fix the science again bigger longer trials on trained people changing one conditions at a time no no opaque methods everything very transparent and publishing the results were nothing happened because a lot of times nothing happens in supplement companies are like I don't know about this you know supplements like tricastron for example basically have like one and a half studies on them and the one and a half studies done do anything and then the other studies are unrelated molecules that say also they don't do anything one study says it does something but it doesn't ever never got replicated that's exactly the kind of shit you want to stay the way from subprobability that it works well is a very very low it's almost random chance guys that's the situation in summary nutrition science isn't useless it's just better at minimums maximums and general patterns than at tiny personal optimizations for you use the studies that replicate really sound research that over decades has shown this actually works largely ignore the hype and track your own results your weight trends your performance your sleep your blood work stick to very similar diet change one or two things at a time and over the long term combining that with good data you can have a better and better diet and better results but if you think like oh I'm gonna take this one supplement or all everyone's eating too many eggs including me you've got another thing coming folks if you need help with your diet the RP diet coach app something I use every single day it is just absolutely wonderful for me in my prep even in my office season I use it all the time so I can hit my exact macros my exact calories log everything I need and be 100% certain that I'm leaving nothing chance if that's something you're interested in link in description go buy stuff click around it's on the iTunes store and google play and i'm gonna go play with myself now what no i'm not gonna do that now maybe later maybe later what see you next time