Folks, we have five abs exercises shared with you, but Jared and I don't actually have abs. Literally, we just physically don't have that muscle. But Miss Brihoney Terry has more abs than she knows what to do with the she was like, hey, let's make an ab video and I was like, all right, fine. So here we are. Let's get started. The decline set up bench is something you're going to find in a ton of gyms all across the world. Really simple piece of equipment. This exercises performed in the usual RP style which is basic common logic of training at this point through science. You're going to control the center get a nice full stretch and athletically come back to the starting position. Here's the thing. There are a few common ideas about this exercise. Some of them are right on. Some of them are a little off-base. I used to think, the higher you put the incline or decline, the better the exercises for you. It does make it harder. But actually, if you put the incline really high, it creates minimal tension at the bottom and maximum tension at the top, which reverses the force curve we want ideally for muscle growth, which is a ton of tension at the bottom and a little bit at the top. This is nothing wrong with doing a barely there decline, just doing more reps. If you are doing way more than 30 reps per set, which would be honestly really impressive, no worries. You have two options. One is just hold a weight plate over your chest and voila extra resistance which you can add five pounds over time every few weeks and there you go. There's a progression. The other thing you could do is reach your hands up over your head. And if you reach your hands up over your head, it extends the lever arm like crazy and makes the exercise very difficult. This is especially true. If as you come up, you don't swing your hands forward to make it easier. You keep your hands over your head the entire time and lever all the way up. For all these variations, if you want to make it as a tad bit harder, really controlling the Eastern trick. A big Q that you always hear is give to people is lean into the stretch, slow it down in the deepest portion of the stretch. So for this, what I'm going to tell you next is basically give a light, light, light tap of the scapula before coming right back up and you're going to notice she's probably going to get a little shaky whenever she comes up. So what that does is it kind of keeps you're already fully extended when you get to here. So going back and lying down on the scapula is really just kind of a resting portion. It's kind of like whenever you're in lateral raises and you have the lateral right here. Nothing's really happening. That's why you like machine variations usually. So when you come up to here and you can stop those about right here, I mean gravity is your done. Gravity is force completely straight down, up and down. Same thing with this declin. So though, instead of extending all the way and lying back on that machine, what you're going to do is slightly tap the scapula and right when you feel it, you're going to come right back up. Again, as always, give it a try. Whatever fits for you, whatever you like, whatever your level of advancement is, don't go beyond that until you're ready to do the next variation, but they're all great variations. Give them a try. Let's know what you think. Oh, that's very heavy. Yeah, people should do it. What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you stretching for? You're not doing that stretching. I'm not stretching. I'm showing off. Showing off what? Which time are you? If you're raising your knees all the way up as high as you can, ideally to your face, you're getting a curvature in the spine. That curvature is literally generated. That flexion by the shortening of your abs. So it's an amazing exercise. But because your knees only poke out so far, the lever arm is actually quite short. Let me tell you, I know a lot about short lever arms. In any case, if you get really advanced and you can do sets of 20 or more hanging knee raises, you can start to escalate the situation by straightening out your leg. And if you can do hanging straight leg raises, where you take your toes and push them up to the bar, then you're really advanced and your abs are really strong. So if you're not used to training abs, like me, I don't have very super strong abs in that position. So I do hanging knee raises for now in my development. I just started training hams a little while ago. Eventually, hopefully I can transition to hanging leg raises. You can also do a really cool thing where you do, as many hanging leg raises as you can, straight leg. And then you transition to hanging knee raises when you get too tired to do a full range of motion hanging leg raises. That's going to be awesome because it's a mini built in super set. One more thing, make sure good technique is always it thing here, which means push your hips all the way back at the bottom, tilt and tuck your pelvis forward as if you're having per 10 sex with a per 10 person with per 10 hanging in the middle of the room. Sure, Mike, or they're just really tall, like really tall. And you're hanging by a house and just getting quite hot. In any case, what I want you guys to really focus on is an athletic, concentric movement, really getting an ease up in the best situation. Gently pause and get the top or just briefly just getting to the top and then here's the important part. Control that descent, control that eccentric. As your abs lengthen, you're going to be providing tension, which is going to provide hypertrophy, which is going to make you look exactly like re and then you will be a literal goddess who smites all of mankind per her wish. Okay. Is that true? Everything you tell is true, obviously. Our next exercise is the roller roller. I just made it up. Not the exercise. Our friends are mon and Dylan. Respectively, please link their instas below, show us how to do this exercise. It's an excellent exercise that allows for a ton of gradation. What it does is you put your feet or your knees, dealers choice, or even your shins on top of the roller. You have your hands out somewhere in front of you. Again, dealers choice, lots of adjustment based on strength and preference. And what you do is basically raise your knees up and then lower your knees down. Raise your knees up and lower down. You're going to raise up athletically. You're going to lower down under slow control with a little pause at the bottom. This is kind of replicating in some sense a hanging knee raise, but with a better force curve. And it's very gratable. You can do partial reps if you like. Where you're putting your hands in feet makes the exercise harder or easier. This is an amazing exercise and because you have a lot of access to rollers and gyms all across America and the world. This is kind of one of these things where it's an extra variation. It's an extra machine that wasn't designed for abs, but co-opted for abs. It's like, you know what I'm saying? I wasn't designed to be making sweet love to guys, but I like doing it. Gentlemen, hello. You're going to notice on this list, we don't necessarily have any oblique emphasis exercises. Obviously, when you're training most muscle achaire, you're going to have other muscles involved. So when you are doing ab growth training, so I purchase for the abs, you're trying not to really grow those obliques too much. Everybody wants that nice, like, broad look, small ways, especially on stage if it's body-belief specific. And just to look good naked, that's what you want. You kind of just want a slim look all the way down into the hip. So not really training the obliques too heavily here. If you want that really cool shape, the shape everybody kind of goes for whenever you're on stage. Try not to train the oblique too heavily. That's not the same. You're not going to have some in there anyway. Just no twisting motions or anything like that. If you're a fighter or you're an athlete, you might incorporate some of that stuff into your training at some point in time. But really it's all programming dependent based on what your outcome is. Folks, our next exercise is the lying elset. The lying elset is a really cool exercise because just like many of the other ones here, it accentuates the tension on the abs at their length and position, which is good for muscle growth. So what you're going to do is you're going to start in a position where your knees are tucked completely up. Just super easy, everyone can kind of just chill there. You're going to have your hands on the ground. You can even have your hands underneath your butt all for comfort. And then you're going to extend your legs just to one inch above the ground the entire time. You essentially hover your heels all the way from when your knees are tucked to where your legs are completely straight out in front of you. And you come back that basically activates the abs and then relaxes them, activates the abs and then relaxes them. There are so many different ways to scale this exercise. One of the ways to scale it is just don't kick all the way out. Kick halfway, come back, kick halfway, come back. Another thing about that is you can flip the order if you're pretty strong and you can do a legit elset. Do as many reps as all of these el sets as you can until you get close to failure. And then start doing a mechanical drop set by only coming out three quarters, coming back. Only coming out three quarters, coming back where you can't do that. Come out halfway, come back halfway, come back. One set of these things for a total of 25 or 30 reps where at the end you're doing very slight top end partials. Your abs will be cooked. Compress as the amount of time you're training expands the stimulus stimulus to time ratios awesome. And then you're really winning. Then you can go outside of the gym. You can do tons of activities with your friends like and our stuff like that. The RP hypertrophy app comes with dozens of pre-made programs from two days of training per week all the way up to six days of training with specialized programs included for shoulders, arms, chest, back, legs, abs and glutes. Each one with male and female options. You get them all and can use them as often as you like, even building off of them to make your own customized versions for only about a dollar a day. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. The Abroller is a piece of equipment that is guaranteed to humble you unless you already have exceptionally well developed abs. And then are you just watching this video for vibes? If so, hello, back to the Abroller. The Abroller is an amazing exercise because as the movement lengthens the forces apply due to the lever arm and relations or gravity increase radically, which means at the peak contraction there's a minimal amount of force, kind of zero. At the most lengthened part of the exercise when you're all the way on the ground, the force is maximum. This is a crazy ab exercise that you may start by doing like one or two reps with and looking around the room being like, I'm like, if I do in this right, you are, it's brutal. If you can get up to sets of 10 on this and you're kind of done with ab development to be completely honest. I'm kidding, but not entirely. This is an amazing exercise. Lease warm up for it by doing a few sets of crunches. That's a 10. Really warm up. You're lats and your shoulders if you happen to be older or have an injury history. This exercise is really, really, really intense. And make sure that when you're doing it, you're controlling slow on the way down, pausing a little bit at the very end and coming all the way back up. The one final cue I was giving her there at the end was keep your hips up. So kind of like when you see this, the deficit pushups, we're going here. And the first thing people do is they give out, you start to see the stomachache closer to the ground. Because you want to really use the abs, hips up as you're rolling out. It's really going to force your usual abs on the way back up. So we put those there for a slight elevation, but you know, that cue itself as well is going to make even the other variations on this exercise hard. Another cool thing to say about this exercise is that if you're doing it, you may be able only to do three or four reps at a time. That's okay, you don't need to do three or four reps sets. What you can do is my reps, do three or four reps come back all the way into the curl position and just chill for like five seconds. Another one or two reps, chill for five seconds. Another one or two reps, if you can bank eight reps, nine reps, ten reps all the way to 15 reps in a single workout, slowly adding reps over time, is 100% where you want to be. Exercise, the exercise is awesome. I'm just sure she'll let, I'm not the person down my way into there. A very wise philosopher, one set, I'm not a girl, but I'm not yet a woman. It was Britney Spears. Britney Spears also said something very similar. She said if you use these five ab exercises progressively in your routine, not at the same time, pick two or a week, any two, run them for four to 12 weeks, progressing in reps or load, switching out the exercises once you get a little stay on you, you can have chiseled abs underneath the fat, use the RP diet coach app to get the fat off or whatever diet app choice you like, get the steps in, RP high perch of fat for the gains and there is a 100% corporate guarantee that you will look exactly like Breyani Terry who you should be following on the internet anyway. She was at a virtual war. Britney Spears has a had a wartime. Britney Spears has had a wartime. Britney Spears has a wise one. Max, we've all been all of us and we'll see you next time. We're going to train you to box. You're a box? No. Good. Good. Tighten your abs. You're going to shoot unbelievable. One, two. Yeah, that You're a fucking champ.