This is not a thing where they hit us up and they're like, here's $10,000. Just go say nice things, you don't mean we don't do that and we never will do that. Every video you'll ever see us in door machines, we mean everything we say. There's tons of machines I ate. You won't see them on this series. There's a hate them. YouTube, what up? You guys remember the story of Goldilocks and the three bears and they were trying some stuff and she was trying their porridge and she got the middle one just right. Well, if porridge was rolling machines, the prime seated row is that good. In my opinion, this is the best rolling machine money can buy and it's also profoundly simple. This is where engineering needs art. Folks, the prime seated row, let me tell you about it. What is it that makes the prime seated row so special? Here's the deal. First of all, disclosure, prime did not contact us to do this video. We just did it. The prime seated row, I mean clearly, I can explain to you the basic function. It is a seated row machine where you get the handles and then you row. Awesome. But so many other machines on which you can do this basic movement. What makes this one so special? Let's walk around to the backside and show you where the money is. This fundamental feature which I'm about to subscribe to you is what makes the prime row and in fact many prime machines super super special. It's their three peg system. Depending on which peg you put more or less weight on is where the machine leverages to make it harder or easier in your range of motion. Generally speaking, if you put weight on this first peg as far as order as concerned, they name to peg number two. I'm not really sure why, but I'm sure that had a great reason. If you use this peg right here and you put all the weight on this peg, the beginning of the movement is going to be really easy. The end is going to be really hard. So if you're working on an exercise or a group of muscles or an exercise that's specific to something else, it really a grapple of tension here. This is where you are going to be putting most of your weight. There are absolutely applications for this. They're not insanely high. There's a peg here. I'll talk about it just a sec which you'll use much more often. But for example, if you are in the very, uh, in the sport in which there's not a lot of people left, sure to bench pressing, your ability to pull from here to here is huge for being able to touch in your bench. This peg right here replicates exactly that without hardly any tension at the other end. The middle peg generally gives you a feel that replicates something like a barbell row. It's just going to be pretty even beginning to end no big difference. Real good place to start for many people. This top peg, which I like to call the money peg, and sounds like money penny from James Bond. I always hate that name. But like you work for me, change that name, anything else, in any case. This peg is super, super interesting because the way training on this machine works is that if you put a ton of weight on this peg, the bottom part of the machine is super highly loaded at that deep stretch. And then the top part gets progressively less loaded as you pull so that you experience essentially no load at the very top. The really cool thing about that is that a body of research that's pretty old, but is accumulating in how much confirmatory research that is about this, is showing us that a lot more hypertrophy by a decent margin is caused by taxing the loaded stretch at the bottom of most muscle groups, and much less is caused at the top. Here's the thing, if you were to do a traditional barbell row, you may be able to get quite a few more reps at that bottom range, but you won't be able to touch your tummy after a while because it's much harder up here than it is down here. Thus, when you reach failure on Metros, yes, technically you reach failure, but that most productive bottom and range could have gotten you more reps and more stimulus. Should you do partial rep rows maybe, but it's really hard to see if you're like, am I stopping just short or how many inches away do I stop? What's considered failure? Can I tell a fine five or six inches away from my tummy? It's no gain you want to play. With this machine, what you can do is put a majority of the weight here. Some of the weight here, what you get is a super good, but not challenging T-contraction, you can still feel all of the muscles crunch, and then as you descend, your back gets ripped apart more and more for that psychotic deep stretch at the bottom. And that essentially can give you, oh damn near the optimal force curve for high-perature. This is amazing and very few machines on the market have anything that looks remotely like this, and as far as I know, no machine comes close to replicating this level of feel, this is the ultimate and I can't recommend it enough. But wait, there's no. Very, very cool part of this machine setup is there essentially four ways you can use this machine and probably a few ways I haven't thought of. Way number one is the traditional row where you would roll with your spine held relatively straight, your elbows and shoulders do the movement, you're sitting very upright and it's very good for back hypertrophy, specifically if you're targeting the lats and some of the muscles back there, very awesome stuff, doesn't fatigue the spinal directors and the lower back much, basically replicating something like a chest-supported row you would see in most other contexts. Another way to roll on this is to essentially do something similar, but lower the seat substantially, pull up and out on the handles which because of the variable handles you are able to do, and then you hit a lot of kind of made and even upper traps and a ton of rear delts. This doubles as maybe the best rear-belt machine you're going to use. Why? Because a lot of times when you're training rear delts with free weights, it's really hard at the top if you do like bent over face pulls or something and at the bottom it's too easy. Here if you put most of your weight on the top peg you get an unreal squeeze-mind muscle connection with your rear delts at the top and then at the bottom it pulls your rear delts off the bone. This is I would say the best also rear-belt machine so they could easily say seated row and rear-belt machine and make double the money. Prime call me. We'll get you loaded. We'll get you rich. How many lambs do you guys have at your HQ? In any case. Another way to use this is something that Coach Kasim has made pretty popular. It's when you lean into the chest pad and the way we like to do it here is actually putting our legs back and then you grab the handles and you're going to do a row that really looks like a hybrid angle-wise between a pull-up and a row and thus it hits the lats much more and all of the other muscles much less. Rowing for the lats isn't I would say the number one choice there are many other exercises for the lats but as a variation of rolling that bias is the lats more that's an incredible incredible movement and a great idea and that's the third literally different exercise that you can use this machine for. The fourth my personal favorite and something we've popularized here through RP is the flexion rule of course and that's when you go all the way down with a super flex spine everything around it all the back muscles at your pull-up part and then as you come up your tummy continues to hit the pad but your chest comes up and your chest points to the sky and you try to take your elbows put them behind to touch your spine while you drive your chest as high as it goes. It's like arching up a ton, crunching hold for a second and then slowly lower and let your entire back lats, rhombides, irractors, traps, everything come all the way get super stretched rounded over and then up again. The really awesome thing is because of the chest support or in that case tummy support there's not a ton of the kind of forces through the lower back that are likely to cause some irritation or potentially increase injury by tiny bit. This is like maybe one of the safest ways to get juicy gigantic spinal arrectors that just saved you seeing arrectors at the same time. Yes. That would be my recommendation for the kind of wrong movement to really get into to see overall back rows but essentially we have four potential exercises to do here no doubt others of course if you wanted you can absolutely do a situation where you grab the support here pull out the chest pad a ton. Get your versic rip in there and you can do one arm at a time no problem. So in reality, which is that's at least five exercises. So this is just a piece of equipment by the way we're filming here at our jam here, Renaissance Gym and I just had to have, right? It's like me with Lamborghini's. I show up to the dealership and I see that blueish. I don't know what it's called, I don't care. Get it and the botlers that go they get. This is the same way. To me, this is the best back training machine ever made. Are there criticisms of it? Are there some detractions? I can think of one but it's a real scuzzy detraction. Here's what it is. Critiques. Because we're being honest with you guys. I'm not here to sell this machine. Prime doesn't need help selling it. It's the fun greatest back machine in the world. They're selling just fine. If you want to buy one, or bother your whoever owns a gym to buy one, he usually recommended. My overall score for this machine is A+. Okay. Here's why it gets a 98% instead of 100%. This bottom peg here, the one that biases the back at the very top, based on recently increasing revelations from research and tons of personal experience, I would say that peg probably doesn't do a whole lot of good. But I would love to see is them take this peg and just put it onto this one so we can have more potential to load here. Not like most people are going to use five plates on this thing. But some people's 45s that their gyms are thicker. And if you get pretty strong, like I used four of these on here and some change in the middle. Maybe take this peg and put it here and this one is definitely good because it can let you play with how much unloading occurs at the top. If you put all of your weight on this peg, you literally get the sensation at the top at the very top. It's free. It's like unloaded completely. It's like zero gravity. Do you get to hear? And like a good part of rolling, a minor part. But a really good part is to get that crunch against resistance and really sometimes it's cooled like hold for three seconds at the top and then really let it go. If you put all your weight here and none in that middle peg, it's going to be like, okay, I can take one hand off and it could just hold it with one. I can take a hand off. I could take both hands off and put it back on. There's no load up there, which is sweet because it's so long-geniered. Would you definitely need that middle peg and how much load you want to cap off the movement versus how much insanity if the stretch you want? It's nuanced. It's different for each individual. People have different bone lengths, limb lengths, etc. They put the chest pad in different positions. So there has to be that play, which is why I'm not saying just the top peg. That would be that idea. Two pegs is great. That third I think is as a bonus point to nowhere. Super minor critique and I'm probably getting that wrong too. The other critique is this a critique. You have to level it every single machine. So it's just the general everyone. This is why never, there's no machine that scores 100%. This is what if Prime took for me this peg and put it here. It would get up to a 99%. Is that some people will use any and every machine and they'll have machines they really connect with and like and then my muscle connection just tears them to bits and it's almost perfect. And some people have machines that even in the technical sense like this machine are unbelievable. They just I'm there. It's just something I just don't like it that much. They can't put their finger on it. I've met a few folks. Someone near and dear to my heart in fact that has used this machine and they're like, uh, so what I'm saying is if you see one of these in your gym and this is the true for every machine there is. Yes, take this video to heart and get excited. But don't get insanely excited. It's like if someone's like dude you got to go to this new sushi place and to best sushi ever. Is it probably going to be great? Yeah. Is it going to be the best sushi ever for you? Maybe not because we have different tastes and sometimes the way they make the yield at this place is better than that place. Whatever. This machine won't be the ideal fit for everybody. But damn, is it close? My God, is this close? And if I was to build a back machine other than then moving that peg and not knowing enough engineering to build a machine, this is how I would do it. Folks, that's all I have this time for the Prime Seated Roe Machine. I love it. I love it. I love it. It's difficult for me to recommend it anymore highly. I think it's a phenomenal piece of equipment. I think they really thought this through. I'm privileged and honored to use it. And if you have a chance if you're traveling around, the Refrigerum gets one absolutely get out there and here's my biggest tip. Don't just get out in the rain cranks and reps and be like ah, or be like oh wow, this is great. Play with the chess support. Play with the seat. Play with your body positions. Play with your angles that you put your hands and arms at. And you will find in the course of several minutes of warming up almost certainly a few angles that just hit so right and you didn't think it was possible. Best of luck to you out there and joy getting a humongous back through the Prime Seated Roe and hopefully you can still walk through doors and it doesn't destroy your life.