Folks, you are on the go, but you still want to hate your protein. You want good macros, you want healthy food. Where can you go really really quick to get an awesome snack and awesome meal, especially for lunch? Let's find out. I have five places to talk about, and probably have to stop leaning on this person's car. You can eat this with your hands. It's disgusting. Mmm. Smell's like stuff. Huh? No. I'm sorry. Where was I? Six out of five on tape. Super greens are incredible. I don't know why they're called super, but let's find out. It has a shape, I guess. I don't know non-uclidean geometry, so let's go find out if it's still possible. Eat healthy and McDonald's in 2025. All right, folks. We are going to rate every single food today on a one to five rating scale. Three separate scales. One is macros. Doesn't have lots of protein and relatively low calories. Two is what is the cost? Because if it's a zillion dollars, I'm not trying to be finding it very convenient. And three is taste. Well, use my own all of us taste buds to see if it's good that are somewhere between. Let's get to it. Number one on our list is Chick-fil-Aid. Why? Because they have one menu item, which makes them one of the most goded, amazing macros, quick stops if you're on the run and you need food. The grilled chicken nugget, how is this even a real thing? Is that a B attack in me? Oh my God! All right, anyway, these are amazing. Grill chicken nuggets, we just ordered one container of 12 of them, and a little bit of sauce, including almost every kind of sauce, unless you triple quadruple dip, you are looking at 12 grilled chicken nuggets, coming in at just over 35 grams of protein. And under five grams of carbs and fats, respectively, you guys, I don't have to tell you twice. That's a good protein shake. A really good macros protein shake. And they're grilled, they're nuggets, and because Chick-fil-A makes them, you know they're gonna be unbelievably delicious. What's with the cameras, are you guys doing? Um, I wear adult film creators. So it's a porn hub thing. I'm kidding, or it's just YouTube stuff. Okay, okay. You know what can I do? Do you guys have the grilled chicken nuggets? Yeah. I'll take a 12 order of that. Yeah. We are 942 today. Awesome, thank you so much. The pornography jokes, especially funny here. It's just slightly out of reach. Uh, have a great day. Thank you so much, you as well. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Oh. All right, folks. So we chose this honestly because a lot of people said you got a new Chick-fil-A or else we won't watch the episode. I've actually never tried this. This is gonna be a first time. I will say the first rating of price is a bit steep. I'm gonna give it three stars out of five, because it's nine dollars in my 42 cents or some shift for one of these, man. 35 grams of protein for nine dollars. I'm gonna be getting something else, you feel me? I hand job. Is that cool to say? Anyway, let me try this. I'm gonna evaluate taste and macros. Oh, sorry, earlier, we're quite wild eating this. On macros, this is a five out of five. 35 grams of protein, less than five, carbs and fats respectively, it's a knockout. This is gonna be basically the best macros we'll do all day long. This is a winner. Let's try it on taste. Ehh, just kidding, let's do it. Aw, um. You can eat those with your hands, it's disgusting. I thought it was gonna be grabable, but those all are juice on it. Mm. Legit, please don't tell me in the comments. Three out of ten. Not the best chicken ever had, the moral hardiness of foundational Christianity, I do love, like it's a kick set up to three and a half start. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's not, it's not gonna have five. Three out of five, three out of five. Hey, Scott, why don't you shut up? Hey, do you want one of these? I'm confused now. So anyone out of five, right? Out of five. Okay. Ha ha ha. Mmm. Mmm. Yum. You want to get us the camera nod? Yes or no? Sideways nod? Ha ha ha. It's not that great. It's a three out of five. The three out of five. It's a little pricey. Do you have a five price? Five out of five macros. Three out of five. On the taste. Pretty goddamn good. Newtritionally, this is a clear winner. The macros matter. And you have the patient's to stand and check the ley line and pay a thousand dollars. This is your shit. Let's get on to the next restaurant. All right. Next up is subway. Super healthy, super ubiquitous. Everywhere around the United States and mostly the world. Let's get in there. Get something healthy. Come back out and talk about why it's awesome. All right. Folks, check this out. So what we got from subway is a protein bowl, which you can really do. It's got chicken in there. And we asked for double chicken. It's got some veggies. I've got spinach. I've got green peppers. And two crimmers that are tiny a little bit of ranch dressing. This whole thing has fewer than 10 grams of fat, fewer than 10 grams of carbs, and probably, cheeratively, something like 50 grams of protein kind of depending on who's scooping to be honest. That's pretty damn good. So on macros, man, 50, 10 and 10, that's a five out of five on our scale. For cost, this did cost about 10 bucks. However, it's more protein than Chick-fil-A was. And you get veggies for extra health, extra satiety, extra stomach fullness, extra benefits of fiber, micronutrients and stuff like that. So on cost, relative to what we're getting, I would give this a four stars out of five, instead of a three. And then lastly, the taste. Well, let's taste it and find out. Yeah. I think that's a good idea. So I'm going to try to make sure that we're going to have a good time. So I'm going to try to make sure that we're going to have a good time. So I'm going to try to make sure that we're going to have a good time. Mmm, smells like stuff. The veggies are awesome. That's some way. The noise really fresh. The chickens are amazing. What, to me, age? The chicken plus veggies plus ranch, better than Chick-fil-A. Sorry. So I'm going to have to go with a four out of five on this one as well. So the taste is four out of five. The macros are five out of five. And the cost is four out of five. Not bad. Not better at all. Alright, folks. Number three on our list is one of my personal favorites. A jibboat lay, which I think is Italian for a f***ing, though. Anyway, let's get in there and get some food and come back out. So here's the thing. All of these restaurants. I'm trying to get a little something different. But it still fits like macros and healthy. But not like the exact same version of everything. So we could have gotten a salad, naturally, and would have been awesome. But I got a regular burrito bowl. And kind of like I typically do it. I got chicken in there, black beans, white rice, and that Narlie cheese sauce. Oh, wait, wait. No, I'm not thick. K-SOW. Did I pronounce that, you guys? In any case, that gives us roughly 50 grams of protein. Roughly 80 grams of carbs and about 25 grams of fat. I would consider those macros a 3 out of 5. They're good, especially for like a nice filling meal. More calories, a post-workout meal, and a training day. This isn't just some old protein and veggies type of stuff, which we're getting in a lot of the other places. This is like a still a very decent, very healthy meal. I have every kind of autism that people have ever figured out. So I'm not going to do veggies in here because the thinking with the mix all the rice, I don't know. Call me crazy because I am. But for me, this is a great meal, very go-to, very healthy, very sure for good macros, but not great. So it gets a 3 out of 5. Now, on the price situation, it's like 10 bucks. It's like 11 something, but for this many macros, and this many calories and such a high-quality source of really good protein, I'd say that's a 4 out of 5 on price. That's pretty damn good. Maybe even a 5 out of 5. Scott, what do we think in 4 out of 5 or 5 out of 5? Uh, on price, price to macros. I think it's a 5. I don't think anything's in it. Yeah, 5 out of 5. So, so far, we're up to 8 total. Now, here's the thing, taste. This is a personal thing, but it's my personal thing this time. So let's taste it and rate the ship. Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Damn Rob. No. No. Sorry, where was I? Hmm. 6 out of 5 on taste. I'm kidding. The map gets too hard after that. 5 out of 5 on taste. I fucking loved your polka. I don't know what the fuck would sound like. It's amazing. I love the taste. It's my favorite burrito place. Qdoa was great, too. I was going to talk to you about other burrito places. We're trying to be a loving channel. Chipotle is an un-negated god king of taste. It's unbelievable. So we get to full on 5 out of 5 on taste. And I'm sticking with that. Chipotle, you're amazing. Folks, I have a huge problem. I'm always in need of pandas, but they're nowhere to be found, especially fast. I have to go to China to black market, stop the pandas usually arrived at that appendix press. They're alive, amazing pandas. Let's go in there and get us some awesome pandas cuisine. Alright, folks. Panda, I got a chicken teriyaki bowl, which is awesome. And if you're looking for good macros, an amazing taste and low price, this is really the thing to go for. About 35 grams of protein. And right around, oh, give or take 15 grams of fat. More like 10 if I'm being charitable. 15 total with the veggies and about 10 grams of carbs. This gives us a four. I would say macros just because it's a little higher fat than some of the other competitors. And on price, it's actually the only thing we've ordered so far that it's distinctly both. Or that it's distinctly below $10. So it definitely gets a five out of five on price. This is an incredible value for what you're getting. And for taste, the first thing I'm going to do is see what fortune I have. I can't open it. Oh my god, alright, finally. Could you use mythical strength for that one? Now the first thing you do with a fortune cookie? Yeah, I forgot what I'm going to f*** up. Well, for those of us all non-sense anyway. No, kids, I'm kidding. The Santa's Real, too. You have a huge cock. I can't do it, right? I knew these things would fall as shit. I mean, it's because you're going to impact on everybody's nose. What the f***? This is kind of like life advice, really. Very proximate advice. Go for a long walk to clear your mind. Okay. What is heperman in my shit? Ten minute walk after a meal? It does do it the morning. Alright, the arbiter of taste has arrived. And he is eye. Eye as me. Okay, we weren't able to assess the taste, so it's zero out of five so you guys next time. Super greens are incredible. I don't know why they're called super, but let's find out. Mmm. Yeah. MSG. Which actually, believe you're not guys, it's in bad for you. That's a myth. Now, I already know how this tastes because they eat it like, I don't know, twice a month. No contest. It's got to my life of your sixes out. Six out of five on taste. Call the watch this, right? You guys want to see a magic trick? Ow. Now it's gone, we're going to go unbelievable. So we have four on macros, not amazing but pretty good. Five on cost, this is less than ten bucks, six on taste. That is a perfect score of 15 out of 15 on our bullshit rating scale. And the first perfect score we're going to see all day today, maybe not the last definitely the first. Pan-dix presses go to everybody. And yes, I'm going to answer the obvious question. It is made of real pandas. And it's f***ing worth it. Let's get out of here. Folks, our fifth restaurant of today in our attempt to get really quick food is a McDonald's. Let's say in France. And it's an American tradition. Let's go find out if it's still possible to eat healthy in McDonald's in 2025. Alright, folks. I got two snack wraps because we desperately look for grilled chicken items in McDonald's menu. It turns out they just don't exist anymore. But we're like, oh, we'll do a grilled chicken sandwich. Doesn't exist. We'll do grilled chicken on a salad. Doesn't exist. So we're like, all right, snack wrap. Now here's the good news. The snack wrap is incredibly easy to make it super fast. It's pretty damn tasty and it's really affordable. However, the bad news and our number one ranking, macros. Two snack wraps together. Have roughly. This is painful to say, I'll loud. 25 grams of protein. 60 grams of carbs, 30 grams of fat. And my old rule looked back in college. If something is more fat grams than protein grams, you're going to have a bad time if you're trying to do good macros. So on macros, I'd say this gets a one at a five to be completely honest. Now, the good news. Two snack wraps are a sum total with tax and fees of seven dollars, which gives it absolutely a six out of five on price. McDonald's is unbelievable. How do they do it? I have no idea. Now it's for taste. I don't know. But I can tell you one thing. Scott's actually hungry. So he thinks one of these snack wraps is for him. Do you guys think Scott and video that I can take this for me? You guys think they take the ship for me, babe? You'll move nobody playing out here. Hold up, hold up, hold up. Yeah. With that, Scott has a shape, I guess. I don't know, not in the UK, the UK and geometry. So this is quite complex. No. Not bad. 4 out of 5 unchanged. 4 plus 6 is 10. The one on macros really kills us. Total score of 11. That's not great. Got to low score. Now, pretty tasty. Thing is for how much chicken you get. You have to eat through a lot of breading and a lot of wrap. And by the way, those macros are charitable. I asked for less sauce and usual on the auto ordering and computer system. I asked for less cheese than usual. So to be honest, it could have even more fat if I went raw dog. Yeah. Now, don't go to McDonald's if you want to eat healthy. Nothing else. I have folks that shoots been going on too long, so we decided to get drunk. Let's get liquor. Just kidding. We're going to see if the ultimate on the go location of a gas station can measure up to our restaurants. Let's find out. This was easiest. Why? Because I go in. I don't find shit. It's got the video guy smarter than me, so he goes, this is what you want. And I get a core power. Strawberry is a flavor that is literally made of physical goats that will once alive, but our honor to be dead because they're in here. It's go to not check the south. Let's do our algorithm here. On macros, this is over 40 grams of ultra high quality protein. Less than 10 grams of carbohydrates, less than five grams of fat. That is absolutely a five out of five on macros. For the price that we're paying is basically like something like five bucks or so somewhere between four and five, which is honestly like kind of a lot for a protein shake, but for a core power is a great deal. So I'd say that's another five out of five. And on taste, well, don't we have to try it to find out. And if I can open it, I'll try it. Ah, back, back, back, back, back. Ah, I, we're adult film creators. So it's a porn hub thing. Hmm. Imagine a scene that male hero strawberry has his arm just clasping. The desperate frail hand of a female heroine strawberry. And they're on a tower and below the tower, a thousand feet down, it is entire planet of silky, milky white beautiful cream that's so sweet and amazing. And she's like, oh my god, I'm a bad character. I didn't even let me go. And he's like, I never liked you anyway. He's a big girl. Anyway, it's a thousand feet to far away to fall. Yeah. Balls into the shit. You just see the red of strawberry spreading through. And then eagles with golden talons. A huge eagle's like, lower the ring size. They come in. And they have a huge bucket. And that's exactly how fair life strawberry is made. Literally to the teeth. Sorry, Coca-Cola incorporated. I just busted Jal asks for that secret recipe. It's f***ing amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. 5 out of 5. 15 straight up score. Can you get drunk on fair life? Count me in. F***ing flies. I just farted to you. Huh? All right. Anyway, so we got to do a ranking here, right? Because we got to rate the shit. We have a whole rating system. Remember just a quick ratings review. Macros on a 1 to 5 scale, 5 being amazing macros, 1 being McDonalds. And then we have cost 1 to 5 slash price. And then we have taste on a 1 to 5 system. So we added everything up and as expected, right? Imagine imagine in rebel versus empire battle. A dimly lit starship hallway. You can't really see what's back there. And all of a sudden, a panda figure emerges. You know, like I'm like nine, it's an adorable panda. And he goes, pfft, red light. Saber light, let's hope you like it. F***ing. We're all f***ing. Which is exactly how you would be if you were at Panda Express. What I'm trying to say is Panda's goded and undefeated. So Panda gets a 100% on our 15 out of 15 ranking system. It's amazing. You want food that's incredibly well priced, incredibly tasty, and incredibly awesome for you. And it expresses really hard to be. Rank two comes our sleep or category, fair life. Imagine what they're doing right now on the empire. I know exactly what they're doing to like we could build another big battleship or even another Death Star. What we're going to try to do is feed Panda's fair life. Because then I don't even know what's going to happen. It's going to be the most powerful that you ever fare life. Goded again, 100% of the ranking system. Now, we have a tie break situation. Both Chipotle and Subway. And I'm going to have to say from me, if you're looking ultra macros ultra healthy, Subway is it? If you're looking to feel your Tom Tom for a reasonable price. Why did I say Tom Tom? I hate that term. Chipotle is awesome. Because I'm a Chipotle man through and through, I'm going to put Chipotle above somebody. Don't take it personally. And then we have a fight to the death quite literally for last place. And that's between Chick-fil-A and McDonald's. Now look, I'm going to give Chick-fil-A the victory here and by victory, I mean, massive consolation price. So second to last Chick-fil-A, it costs a lot of money. And the chickens kind of weird and not that good. But the macros are dope so it gets the victory. McDonald's tastes are right. It's super cheap. But the macros are just pure dog shit. I'm pretty sure they gave up on healthy food, which they make sense, because who the hell goes to McDonald's for healthy food? Anyway, that's the ranking scale. And listen, pandas aren't just adorable. They're dangerous too. Remember that next time you scroll on TikTok for pandab videos. Midnight because you can't sleep because you scroll on TikTok too much. I'll see you guys next time over in Dr. Mike. Thanks for watching.