Let me talk a lot about the research, but not everyone's convinced. Science-based lifting has lost the plot, because recently every science-based giant creator has been obsessed with the stretch. We already have direct data that the stretch itself actually grows muscle with no concentric action. We don't have to debate. Let's break down each of these critiques one by one. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here, and I'm here with Dr. Milo Wolf, the inventor of the long muscle length training approach, and the stretch itself, he's here to do one of two things, proof-toss that the stretch is actually important or gracefully apologize for his an aptitude. 3, 2, 1, maybe stretch. First off, the stretch does consistently seem to cause more hypertrophy. At this point, we have 35 studies on the concept of the stretch, looking at more stretch forms of training versus less stretch forms of training. In fact, in 2013, I published my own mathematics on topic, finding that the stretch is important. Probably the most important part of any of it. As far as principles go, the stretch of any important hypertrophy has about as much evidence behind it as something like higher volumes causing more growth. That's a lot. It's a lot. At this point, it's one of the most certainly things we know in the research. But with the stretch, there are two components you need to know about. The first one is actually getting in stretch, and the second one is tension in stretch. Among those 35 studies, many have looked at different exercises. For instance, a cable push down versus an overhead extension. We have two studies on that. One found the same growth in the triceps from both, but the other actually found around 40 to 50% more tricep hypertrophy from the overhead extension, which stretches your long head more. We also now have three studies comparing the incline curl to the pre-chal curl, an in general, the incline curl is better for the biceps, because your shoulders behind you causing more stretch on both heads of the biceps. Next, we have two studies looking at the seated hamstring curl. One compared to a lying like curl and found greater hamstring growth during the seated leg curl, because it pre-stresses the hamstrings with your hips flexed. The second study compared the seated leg curl to the Mordic hamstring curl. Again, more stretch of the hips, meant more hamstring growth. We also got two studies comparing the seated calf raise to standing calf raise. Extending in these pre-structures the gastrochnemias. And as you'd expect, the gastrogrimore in both studies from the standing calf raise. We also have one study comparing the hip thrust to the squat for the glutes. This study found the same hypergropy, but the depth of the squat was relatively constrained. But although studies were on more stretched versus last stretch exercises, though we also have studies looking at the concept of resistance or tension in the stretch. Tensing! Let's go back to the three studies that compare the incline curl to the pre-chal curl. For the biceps, the incline curl means more stretch since the shoulders behind you. But for the brachialis and brachioratialis, those only insert at the elbow. So the exercise that places more tension in the stretch for them, creature curl, actually grew those a little bit more. Likewise, in that study we just mentioned about the seated hamstring curl versus the only curl, the naughty curl places more tension in the stretch. And as you'd expect, for the short head of the hamstrings, where stretches the same in both exercises, the naughty curl calls more growth. From the exercise that places more tension in the stretch. Not every study has positive findings, though. Our own study, comparing with cable batteries, to the dumbbell ladder, is found the same growth in both. Those are all the studies we have on the topic for now. But more coming out, besides comparing different exercises, we also have studies looking at different ranges of motion, specifically we have five studies looking at length and partial versus a four-inch emotion. And those studies, you either see the same growth in both techniques, or actually a bit more growth from length and partial. So based on the available research, whether or not it's choose to include that full peak squeeze is mostly personal preference. The main thing is achieving a full stretch and spending some time. Now, you might be thinking, what if I just took my set past failure during partial's at the end? Well, we actually have two studies on exactly that topic. In the first study, we compared a four-inch emotion approach, simply ending the set at failure to doing those partial's after failure. And as you'd expect, the partial's after failure cost around 40% more growth. The second study, however, compare that technique during partial's past failure during just partial's. And just partial's, it seems to cause a bit more growth. So personally, I'd opt towards just partial's. 40% more growth is a lot, which means maybe a take-home point is like if you have an exercise, maybe at least on the last set, that's conducive to continuing partial's after you've done the full run, because with squats that doesn't work, because then you're going to die. But if you have like calf raises or something, might as well squeeze out all the partial's you can at the end, huh? Yep, I think that a great degree of emphasis on the stretch, whether that's just partial's or kicking the right stretch by as exercise, is pretty much always a good idea. We get to see a case in the research, we're doing more stretch work, cause less growth. But have you considered operationalizing growth as how many people of the gym think I'm impressive, because I'm lifting weights I can't take to a full range of motion? Isn't that the growth that matters? And hey, I'll see you full stack in the chest-pursling partial's. We out here, babe. When you're in the citation, we start. Now we've talked a lot about the research, but not everyone is convinced. And there are reasons to be skeptical of always trying to train the stretch and potentially taking it to a fore. Let's break down each of these critiques one by one. The first one is that the stretch only really lacks in beginners, like in partial's, only really well in beginners. Now, there is some truth to this, in the sense that most studies have looked at beginner populations. There's a reason for this. You see more approach-fing beginners, therefore you can more easily distinguish differences in how well two different training protocols work. You can also recruit beginners easily, there's more of them. Another reason is beginners will let you just train them every one, because they don't care or don't care yet. Advanced lifters are not going to pull out of the regular program and have them do some other wacky stuff. Exactly. And so it's possible that these findings don't generalize to more well trained lifters. But that being said, we do now have around 10 studies in trained lifters, which is a decent amount. It's not beyond all of a but it's something. And generally, of those 10 studies, first of all, zero have found less growth. So at the very least, you're probably not going to miss out on anything by choosing them for such a stretch a bit more. Of those 10 studies though, around half have found more growth when emphasizing the stretch. The other half has found about the same growth. Now, with a relatively small effect, that is the sort of outcome you would expect, because of sampling variants. You would expect some studies to have a roughly no finding. Some studies to have a small but beneficial effect, and some studies to have a relatively larger positive effect. And that's kind of what we see. Just to put this in perspective, another potential retort is like okay, looks so the effect is small, so it cares just train how you like. And it's a very good critique. Unfortunately, it also applies to almost everything else that you do. While E-120 grams of protein, one 80 is almost the same. Why do five meals a day when three meals is just fine? Why train four times a week when you can do two and get great results? It is just a way to try to get into a discussion where you're trying to prove the idea that you just don't want to do length and stuff. Cool. But in reality, it's worth getting an extra 10% of growth. And at the same time, a lot of times it also builds mobility, and makes you more injury resistant. And so it's kind of all good stuff. The only downside is that like, well, G-Wiz, your ego is going to take a hit because just you can't lift as much weight through a full range of motion. They'll be true to cost of training more in the stretch. Is effectively non-existent? Yep. So I don't have a lot of sympathy for that sort of idea. You just don't have a lot of sympathy in general because you're Austrian, right? Professional. Hey, oh, next critique. The next critique is that emphasizing the stretch only works for certain muscles. Often times people claim this is based on the length of tantrum relationship that muscle where it operates in saltwater. Now the truth is, at this point, we have studies in quite a few different muscles. We have studies in the calves, in the hamstrings, in the quads, in the glutes, in the biceps, in the brachios, in the brachioide arms, in the side delts, in the triceps. That's a pretty wide variety of muscles, which muscles did you miss? Chest. So it doesn't work in chest is where you're saying that's exactly what I'm saying. The concept of the generalizable principle doesn't exist. I know. I just made that up on the spot. I am. Yes, but also I agree with you because it defends my very deeply held positions. Hey, there we go. So in science, to an extent, we assume that there is generalizability, whether it's looking at a small subset of population and assuming that generalizability is to that population as well. This also applies to muscles. At some point, you can hypothesize about mechanisms, but if the outcome data seems to consistently apply across different muscles, maybe it's generalizable. In this case, I think it is. Let me talk quickly about another thing as the length-tension relationship. It might be true to say that while you see the exercises in muscles so far studied, they're actually having a better length-tension relationship exposure at the partial ranges. And so that you're really just giving the muscle more load and thus it's benefiting. That might be potentially true, but it takes a bit of a downgrade that critique for two reasons. When you just mentioned, it's like 16 muscles now. It's getting odd when you're picking one or two. The other thing is if we had a supposition that lower loads, grew muscle less than higher loads, we would have some more to stand. But the reality is, anywhere between five and roughly 30 even more repetitions, taken too failure, grow the same set for set. So when we're saying, well, this position just produces more force. The next question to ask is, well, why is more force relevant? I think it's not. Are there complex biomiconic ways in which this can still be true? Yes, but we should consider all hypotheses in a probabilistic spectrum. And thus, if you have to take two caveats to get to your hypothesis, you're down in the less than 2% chance that you're correct about it. And it's just not something to stand on reliably. When you want to go into the gym, use your best bet for how to grow. So Milo and I are all, we're both scientists, so we're only ever about best guesses. And our best guess is it's skipping the length and partial, good God. Our best guess is that skipping the length and part of the exercise, the stretch part, is just probably not your best bet. The next critique is that it's not actually the stretch causing more growth. It's training a muscle where it's strongest, or simply put the concept of new mechanical matching. The principle of new mechanical matching simply states that you're bought in, or recruit the muscles that are best internally leveraged before an action. If, for example, your biceps are scrolling down here, it will recruit at the biceps all over the brachialis and brachioratialis for curling in this range of motion. Now, it's important to understand where this principle comes from and what is supposed to replace? It's supposed to replace hennaman's size principle, which dictates that your body will first recruit the smaller marines, the smaller muscle fibers, the full action, and then it's fatigue sets in, or as force production requirements increase, and then it will start recruiting larger threshold motor units, larger muscle fibers, faster twitch muscle fibers. The theory of new mechanical matching actually stems from something completely unrelated to hypertrophy, which is specifically inspiration, so actually breathing in, and two, engage muscles, specifically during very submax more walking. How this relates to hypertrophy is relatively unclear, and that's why for the time being, I'm not really convinced that new mechanical matching can explain why we see more hypertrophy from training muscles in the stretch. To be perfectly transparent, there is not a single study yet, but as specifically sought out to test the concept of new mechanical matching as it applies to hypertrophy. People will try and apply this principle to already existing findings, oftentimes the challenge is the stretch is actually more important, or we now have 35 studies specifically seeking to examine the stretch. I'm personally not convinced, what are your thoughts? I mean, I'm not convinced either for another additional layer of ground. We already have from static in position over months and months, air accounts was involved in one of those studies, direct data, and from animal studies, direct data that the stretch itself actually grows muscle with no concentric action. We know mechanistically the stretch grows muscle. We don't have to debate if it's not the stretch and just neuro mechanical matching. Neur mechanical matching needs substantial more work to develop it even into a model. It's currently hypothesis, but maybe it's true, but it would be true potentially on top of stretching and lawn muscle lengths as an idea. It doesn't refute it. It's a cool addition, but I wouldn't exactly go and say, this is evidence for stretching not being a thing because we have direct evidence of stretching and hypertrophy when you're not even lifting. There's an additional layer of, I mentioned earlier, that we generally assume things will generalize. But in this context, the research from which this principle stems is in the context of submaximal tasks, highly submaximal, inspiration, walking. Those are quite distinct from maximal tasks like taking a set to failure. It's really unclear whether those tasks would be governed by a similar principle as taking a set to failure. With a set to failure, it may very well be a case of all hands on deck. If a muscle can perform the joint action that is trying to be achieved, like for example, outwexed function during a press. Chance is all it's going to recruit all three heads of the triceps to their fullest, even if they're not internally leveraged to be their strongest because you are going to failure. It will get all hands on deck to perform that joint action. The context in which the principle was first hypothesized, whatever, and if now trying to be applied by some people, or quite different. And until we have research on this, I'm personally going to really get it much creative. Sure, you touched my leg. Again, I got it. But seriously, I have an important point. All of what you said I totally agree with. In addition to this, if no mechanical matching passes, multiple filters, multiple studies, the radical basis, and gets accepted as a thing that actually happens when you lift heavy and go close to failure and hypertrophy training, it's something to stack upon when you're training in addition to stretch. We already know stretch works. We already know that long muscle links work independently via their own mechanisms. So if you're looking to do a curl in such a way that both neuromacanically matches bicep involvement and exposes a stretch, that would give you more growth than either one of the other. So the idea that neuromacanical matching is a reputation of stretch literature is a non-starter at this point. The next critique is that people are over-emphasizing the stretch. And I'm relatively sympathetic as a few reasons. One is practicality. Some stretch focused exercises are kind of a pain. The reverse and only curl for example can be uncomfortable for a lot of people who can fall over in tip-overy after kind of set it up and stuff. It's kind of a pain. The second one is actual pain. People tend to experience more pain, more joint discomfort when they're training at the extremes of range of motion. A full stretch or a full contraction. That's where current injuries and pains tend to flare up the most. And the final one is we don't actually have that much research on the extremes of the stretch. Specifically, we have a lot of studies comparing relatively stretch forms of training throughout the training, but about the same super-spreads curl, we don't have many studies yet and we need one. Until we have those studies, you could theoretically overemphasize the stretch and not get any additional benefit or at least the benefit isn't as of yet as sort of it. Translation from science talk to street talk? You can go for all the stretch you like, just not doing anything stupid that's obviously going to get you hurt. The next critique is that science keeps flip flumping. Yes, some studies have found a benefit of the stretch, but others haven't. It's a really used to say whether it works. This stems from misunderstanding of sampling variants and how science works. Let's assume we know for a fact there's an effect size of 0.2. Just because of sampling variants, the observed effect size will cluster around 0.2, but maybe a bit lower sometimes. Or a bit higher. In fact, some studies will find zero effect. Some studies could even find a negative effect. But on average, the effect size is being observed will be around 0.2 for instance. That's exactly what we see with the research. Most studies find a small positive effect. Some find a study a larger effect and some find no effect. But the average effect size is positive and is small but appreciable. And so if you think that science keeps flip flopping, your point letting single studies impact your understanding too much. Look at meta-analysis, look at the totality of the evidence. And when you look at the 35 studies we do have, it does seem pretty clear at this point that stretching or other the stretch is beneficial for growth. Yeah, science is about best guesses and very good guesses, but never perfect analysis. Imagine you had a friend that was just super gorgeous like Scott the video guy. And you said, oh, ladies really like my friend who's named Scott the video guy. And we had Scott come up to one lady who was cramogene and smoking an elongated cigarette. It just didn't have time for anything. And Scott's like, hello, do you think I'm handsome? She's like, get out of here, sugar, I've been through 80 a.m. you wouldn't automatically say, oh, Scott's clearly not handsome because he is. It's just one lady. And if he came up to nine other ladies and that seven children, I was a result of that, which is Scott's real life, you would be who very convinced that he was in fact good looking. Scott are you filming this? Oh, stop. So, he's had to apply this research to your own training to see more hypertrophy. The first point is to pick exercises that stretch the target muscle under a load. You can think of a bench cable GoPro example. Or you can probably achieve the same effect by combining different exercises that achieve different things. For instance, pick exercises that have more tension and stretch like a preacher curl and exercise that emphasize the actual stretch of it more. Like an incline curl where you get more to stretch on your biceps. Combining these different exercises in your program will play lead to about the same outcome as pain the optimal exercise every single time. But your exercise selection should emphasize both the stretch and tension and stretch. Second, length and portions are a great tool. Use them especially on exercise that load the short and position the most. Things like lat-hole-dels, roads, matter raises with dumbbells. All of those can work really well with lat-on-partials because they're cutting out an unproductive bottleneck to the set. You're not going to get that much stimulus up there, but you're going to end the set way before you get any beautiful work done down in this stretch. I just kind of wish gravity pointed in different directions sometimes. We're sweet. Dragon most of. Alternatively, if you don't like length and partials as if from a training it feels awkward what have you, you can do length and supersets. Just pump out some partial reps after you hit four inch of motion failure. Those are still going to be probably more effective than a four inch motion, but they may not be quite as effective as length and partials. Focusing on stretch is a great way to get more out of your training at no additional time cost. There's not really no opportunity cost of pausing on the stretch. Doing some like impartials as opposed to four inch of motion on a shortened bias exercise. We're picking the right exercises. So, if you'd like more growth but with not much additional time, focus on stretch. Likewise, focusing on stretch, play works across all muscle groups at this point and probably also works in advanced lift-ups. Look, we need more research. At this point, it seems like the average effect as observed is small, but appreciable and beneficial. So, focusing on stretch is recommended. But let's not just say the researcher said in stone. And as we have more studies, we might find out the stretch is more important than we have. Or less important. But at this point, I do think the recommendation of focusing on the stretch, like the good balker, might always does makes sense. Folks, that was a lot of fun. My takeaway from all of the stuff I've seen from you, my lawyer in your colleagues so far, is if you're going to skip any part of the range of motion and exercise, probably don't skip the stretch. What's your super quick take on for the folks at home? Find ways to emphasize the stretch. Don't be obsessive over it, but chances are you'll see more growth than before. And you might even see sort of like, notice, I believe, more growth than before. Like, if you've been training for a while, you might see a random sauce. Oh, Robert, make sure to periodize it.