People just say it. They say this machine is bad. Usually they don't even know why. It's just like lame or whatever. And they're like, uh, the Smith machine. It's not hard corner. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSOM's Pre-Dization. And on today's episode of BS, don't worry. I'll get to swearing later, is the idea, the BS idea that the Smith machine is no good. It's no good. Most of this comes from quote-unquote hardcore bros who, uh, they don't know why they say it, but they say stuff like the Smith machine is gh... ghastly. It's just ghastly, darling. They say in other words, it also strikes with a G, which as of the 20, whatever the fuck year, we're not allowed to say. And understandably, to certain extent. And anyways, jokes and jokes people, but I digress. Number two, that was point number one. People just say it. They say this with she is bad. And they usually don't even know why. It's just like lame or whatever. And they're like, uh, the Smith machine. It's not hardcore enough. But that's not really a reason. That's just another word placing them to substitute what would be an explanation. Now, if they were trying to explain themselves and they actually knew things, they would say, maybe something like this, couple things, maybe three. One is some good reason to believe that when you have a frictionless environment roughly so with a free bar at all movement, for example, you get the full e-centric load. And it even concentric load. So e-centric to concentric ratio is the same, same load, same force production requirement. And thus you get the full power of a load of e-centric. If you have a Smith machine, especially when that's a little bit rusty and old, on the way down, the rusty old shit actually decreases how much weight you have to lift because the weight rides the rust. Friction on the way down means you don't have to impart as much force on the the way up you actually have to fight the friction. Which means the e-centric force requirement drops, the concentric lifts, the amount of total weight you have to use matches, the concentric, because if you're concentrically going to do 10 reps, well, you can't use more than that. The load has to drop and thus the e-centric load drops, the concentric is good as it ever was, maybe better, the e-centric drops and that e-centric lowering is probably more growth inducing on average than the concentric. Or at least as good and you're missing some of it. The e-centric growth is super important and on a Smith machine, you probably get less of it by some margin than with free weights. So technically speaking, theoretically you could see a potential reduction in set-for-set weight from weight matched growth, maybe. In addition, another critique is that a Smith machine for athletes or for people interested in real-world strength, wrestlers, people who lift up, like movers or something, people who are trying to lift their groceries and stuff, the lack of free motion means not as much involvement of stability, and that means a lower transfer to real-world strength. The legitimate legitimate critique, absolutely. And then lastly, the lack of free motion means that if you use it wrong, it can really screw up your joints. If you put your feet too far back or too far forward in a Smith machine squat, you can really fuck up your back or really fuck up your knees, as you lose a degree of freedom with how the bar moves, and then like it just puts your back and knees into a shitty position. A position that is almost impossible to get into in a regular squat, that's free weight because if your knees feel weird, just shift your hips back and now it takes the stress off the knees. If the back feels weird, you'll shift your weight forward and the knees take the load. So you get an even distribution of load. You can't really aggravate stuff nearly as easily, but on a Smith machine, your bottom is locked, top is locked, and you could really get into a situation where you expose your joints in a not nice way. And you might not even know you're doing it until three weeks later, you're like, ffff, fucking hell those hurt. This sucks. So if you're using the Smith machine wrong, you might not know about it. It takes a lot of insight to be able to use it properly. It's probably not going to hurt your joints, but it really, really can in a way that free weight auto-corrects. Number three. Here's the real deal. So yes, there are critiques against the Smith machine, but here's the point number three. If you use the Smith machine right, if you use it correctly, it's a fine variation and in effect a great tool because it's like 10 exercises in one. You can do rows on it, you can do deadlifts, you can do inverted rows, you can do pull-ups, you can do flat press, incline press, call crusher, upright row, hold the crap. It's a lot of exercises in one. It's a great tool that you can use. And what do I mean by right? How do you use the Smith machine correctly? That means adjusting your positioning if your joints feel uncomfortable or weird or if they have pain. If you're doing Smith machine, close grip bench, you're like, ow, ow, slide upper down the fucking bench and be like, okay, that feels better. Because with a barbell, everything auto-corrects anyway, so it feels weird on one, you can always move the bar in your own hands. With a Smith machine, that bar only goes up and down. It doesn't do shit else. So it's up to you to get the right settings if you can do that. It doesn't take a ton of insight. If you don't know how to properly position yourself, look at some YouTube videos. Get on the team forearm for them. We'll critique your technique and link down below and have to say it. Or just find someone knowledgeable and ask them to look at your technique and you can work out in this Smith machine in a totally safe, ultra-effective way without having to throw out the baby with the bath water. When people say the Smith machine sucks adding no context or nuance, I get the same face that Arnold did when he rolled down that hill in the Martian landscape and fucking total recall, which is legendary, move. You're not... I really hope you didn't the voice acting for that. That was fucking legendary. disagree with me. Think the Smith machine is terrible on I-vevo. See you in the comments below. See you in the comments.