Some machines aren't hairline more dangerous than most. If you get pinned under a regular bench press, can't lift anymore. You can shimmy it out. You get pinned under a Smith machine. What the hell are you supposed to do about it? I got pinned under a Smith machine once when I was like 16. And it took me like 30 seconds to slide my way out. And I remember Scott, my t-shirt was hanging down to my knees after that, because I had just stretched the whole thing out. People think Smith machines are safer, and they're not. They're actually more dangerous, because it will staple that ass where the hell are you going to go. People will just rack on the hooks. What if you miss the hooks? Look, we'll just rack on them. You can't. You're not strong enough anymore, like it's a really, really bad deal. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength, and I want to tell you about a terror that is threatening our school children. Five of the most dangerous gym machines. Been released from a secret government military testing compound. They are right now on your very streets in your very hometown. Devastating everything in their path. And they're looking for young people first. How do you identify these terrible machines? And either avoid them or better yet use them intelligently in the gym, since you don't get hurt. Tonight, news. At 11. Scott, is it just me or is every other news anchor named Gale? It seems like a common news anchor name. It does. It does. Thank you, Gale. Tonight, gym machines. You can't afford not to be able to afford to afford. In any case, first off, the gym is a very safe place. In absolute terms and relative terms, what I mean by that. In absolute terms, if you take a look at what are the typical risks to humans over the course of their lifetimes, the gym is just not a place where people get hurt very often. People get hurt almost everywhere when they get to the gym. And then relative wise to other types of physical activity that are health promoting, sport related, pick up basketball, volleyball, beach volleyball, topless beach volleyball, Brazilian topless beach volleyball. Scott, what else we got? Serbian, topless and bottomless beach volleyball. Wow. That's especially for you, my friend. The Serbians are an aggressive peoples. Hello, Scott. I love you. Again, Seru, yes. Sounds great. Yes, yes. Where are you? Um, all that kind of stuff, dynamic sports, hockey, basketball, even running. Almost always have vastly higher risk profiles, injury probabilities, then the gym. Why? The gym is a place of new total control of all variables. And the degree of dynamism, how rapidly you're moving, how quickly you're changing direction, how much vertical you get. As soon as you are in a Tossil and basketball and there's a rebound opportunity, jump up to get the ball with other people. The probability that you land weird or hit someone in midair and then land weird and snap your shit up is like low, but notable. In the gym, typically you're not laying up with the leg press or some shit like that. Everything happens slowly in a meticulous control. The gym is one of the safest places in the world period. And it's all due, by the way, Scott, there's a crazy video. I don't know if you can find it for this, but there's a recent video of like a, like, inside the gym and a gym and you crane and like people are working out. And then there's huge, like artillery shell explodes, like real close to the gym and it shakes everything. And a couple people are like, oh, and then they just go back to lifting and you're like, oh my god. The minions are ballers. Dude, I would be screaming and run away forever because I'm a pussy in any case. The gym is an incredibly safe place and of all of the ways you could work out. The gym is super, super duper safe. And the thing is, it doesn't look safe because it looks like these monsters in there and the weights are heavy. A lot of people are like, kind of fear the gym because I don't know. But it turns out like jogging out in the street is usually as dangerous or more dangerous than lifting in a gym. Especially if you know what you're doing and then it's really safe to go into the gym. So I just want to make that very clear. We're not saying the gym is a crazy dangerous place where your children could be taken any time. Although it is true for the purposes of the thumbnail and title that we have. Most of the risk of the gym is in how you use the equipment and not the equipment itself. So let's talk about first, how to use every piece of a gym equipment in a way that maximizes safety and minimize this risk. And then we'll talk about the five gym machines that are a little bit more dangerous than the others and ways to make sure that you can gel with them. Five tips on how to stay low risk on all machines and even adjust with your own body weight with barbells. Number one is have stable technique. Stable technique means that every rep looks just about the same as the as every other rep. I don't mean identical, but I mean very, very similar. Scott, have you ever seen someone lift before and like you look at one rep and then you look at the other and you're like, is this a super set where they're doing every rep like a different exercise or what the fuck is going on? All the time, yeah. All the time. That's going to get your ass up because your body, if it knows the stable technique gets used to the predictable forces and then it's really, really like built to resist them. But if the forces are radically different every single time, the probability that you move a little bit wrong and pay for it with a joint or connective tissue some kind starts to escalate. Stable technique is a real good idea. Number two tip to stay injury free, probably, on almost every lift, is to control your e-centrics and your rebounds. That means if you take out a bench press and you dump it and try to bounce it off of your sternum as fast as possible, you might be doing some time at the hospital. Probably you'll be okay, but you're rolling the dice. If you just control the centric, I don't mean eight seconds slow. I mean, like control, use your muscles to lower the weight, gently pause at the bottom or even don't pause but reverse a little bit more under control and then come back up. You're radically reducing your probabilities of injuries every single time. So first, stable technique. Now, stable technique under control, very good. Point number three, warm up really well. Just mean take 80 hours to roll out, your foam roll, your ass, although that's up seems fun, especially if you turn on the foam roller, well, you guys know the rest. Just doing a like set of whatever you're going to do very like, take your, you know, I don't know, take your 30 rep max and do like a set of 12 with it. Take your 20 rep max after a few minutes, do a set of eight with it, take your 10 rep max and do a set of four with it after that. And then you're ready to go, you can shorten or lengthen that one depending on if it's big lift with lots of weight or little lift with a little bit of weight. Just don't do the cold open. Don't do the cold cold opening is for when you're, you're early into the pickup training of pickup arts and you go to go to shopping malls to talk to people. Scott, you ever do you ever cold open anyone? Not at all, but like, got a par all the time. My man, can I cold open you really quick? Sure. Hey, what's up? Hi. I noticed you have like face, you know. Uh, thanks. I am, you want to go have sex now? You're kind of weird. I'm just here with my friend. I just want to dance. Oh, I'm the worst, which is also a lie. You want to dance until Matt Damon comes up and cold opens your down ass and then you want to dance in this hotel room. Lilěr ladies, stay calm, the three and a half of you, the father's channel, u waaaa you wanna warm up, well, you don't want to come in, you're bench typically you work with two plates on a side, you don't wanna like do one of these kind of move your arms around, get under two plates and go. That's gonna get your ass torn up! Usually it won't, one every 1000 times it will, and that means after a few years of training in the gym, you're gonna get torn up. Don't do it. Warm up, take your time. Number four, increase your weights slowly. Another one of these, if I had a penny for every time this happens, bullshit. People will gain competency. In, let's say, the bench press with a plate on a side. They'll be able to do sets of 12 reps with a plate. Good technique and everything. For some damn reason. The model that humans have in their heads sometimes of how weight productions work, weight Proweight, weight progressions work, is a gokai 135, right? Play it on a side. I'm good with it now. I can do it with it. They skip every number and go straight to 185. In 25s on a side, Scott, in the bro logic of the gym, they're only two types of weights, 45s and 25s. Right? Maybe not even 25s though. Just 45s. Like one plate then two plates. Right. So, like if you've mastered three plates on the lug press, you just go to four plates then actually. It happens all the time. You guys, the Ditioning 3 plates on the lug press and four plates on the lug press, it's just enough force production to get that asked. Stop. It is just much more weight. So, when I say increased weight slowly, I mean get your RP hypertrophy app going and go up by 2.5 to 10 pounds per week per lift. 2.5 pounds if it's a small progression. So, if you're doing assisted pull ups or sorry, if you're doing weighted pull ups, you did 10 pounds this week, 12.5 next week, 15 the week after that, 17.5 the week after. Go to 10 pounds this week and then be like, amen. Scroll plate on there. It's got how many, how many injuries do you think have occurred over time at gyms? Sort of like with the last phrase before the injury. Let's throw a plate on there bro. So, like almost all of them maybe. Let's put another wheel on there brother. That's it. It's an absentee. So, if you're doing leg presses or something, look, if you're, if you're leg pressing four in her pounds, maybe next week you do 420 or 20, or 20, let it up. Then 440, then 460, don't go 400 and then go 500 and then go 600. People do this all the time. That gets you messed up. Slowly progressing weight. Look, progressing. I'm not saying spend five years at 405 mastering technique or whatever, progress for sure. But 2.5 or 10 pound increments. Depending on how big the lift is, the more weight you're lifting, the higher the amount of weight. So, relatively, it's going to be like she was 2 to 4% weight increase on the bar per week is generally good advice. And you can scale that to whatever weight you want. And another one, number five. And this is probably the biggest one. Is avoid yellow, fudge your e. I already swore a few times. I got to bank it. You come in. You're supposed to train biceps. Your buddies are there. That three of those cute girls are using the, Scott, which one are they using? They're good girl machine. They both can kind of go either way. Yeah, how you want to define it. Yeah. They're using the addoctor and addoctor machines, which are directly facing the deadlift platform. And they're doing that one thing that girls do, which gets a lot of males of reproductive age hurt, they're making eye contact and giggling. Your buddies are deadlifting. And you know you are king. You got to crown the whole thing. You got to get in there. Sposed to be bicep day. Your bachelows sore still because you did deadlifts yesterday. But the three nymphs weren't around yesterday. Where they and your friends like, hey man, would you like to demonstrate higher value by becoming the alpha male of our group right here right now? And get us to praise you. And then you're doing a bit of weights and everyone else. So these females, re-bduct of age, can assess your degree of mating status and potentially offer you up some of that sweet, sweet sweetness between their legs. Well, what, gee, whiz, Mr. That sure does sound pretty good. Oh boy, you get in there. You don't warm up. You yolo five plates. One of your vertebrae decides it's going to migrate directly to your asshole. And then all of a sudden, you get to swag it out. How do you swag it? When the paramedics come peel your ass up and put you arm the f***ing stretcher to take you out, you swag in two ways. One, sky you ready for the shit. This is deep game here. One, sympathy swag. The three nymphs are like, oh my god, are you okay? You're just don't worry about me. I die doing what I love. And then I can't just give you a hand job on the way out. Easy. And the other one is when the paramedics are like, do you have insurance? You look, of course, I've got blue cross blue shield, you know, advanced rich guy version. And one of the girls is like, a nurse, she like, no, she's like, oh my god, you guys like, no one has their insurance. They pay like crazy premiums. That guy's the rich. And then actually before you get wheeled out, because you're going to the hospital, you give one of your buddies your keys, right? Then Scott, you know the AMG key, which has the huge AMG logo on it, so that everyone knows that you drive the cheapest version of the AMG in Mercedes that they have. You give him that giant key, so that the girl see, you feel me, so they know. They need to know. I used to go to a bar where the guys would put their luxury car keys on the bar top, just so people can see they drove, whatever, you know, it was a flex. Is it one of those flexes that just guys are dormers? That really work. I think it was definitely an intentional flex, because why would you just put your key on the bar? You know, for no reason. It's just the way to like lose that and walk out without it. It functions the same thing as one of those big face watches, right? Yeah, yeah. Like bitches that know, no, you feel me. Yeah, so look what I'm trying to say is, yellow, yellow, gray 100% can still get you laid if you're really play your cards, right? Matter of fact, you can simply, you have to swag that you have awesome health insurance, you have a great car, you can't drive anymore. When the doctors are trying to, the EMTs are trying to pull open your shirt, because you got so hurt that you need like, you need like electrodes, you're going to be the careful note ribbit, it's our money, like that's another flex, like that's easy. At the same time, you're still hurt. And so bad news is you can't be knowing a lot of pumping with those girls, it's going to have to be passive shit, because you're saying, you're going to take six months of rehab to get you to walk again. Unlikely, but possible. So stable technique, very good technique all the time. Control those eccentric and taking decent re-bound, nothing crazy, no bouncing, no no dive bombing, warming up well, increasing your weight slowly and progressively, and avoiding yellow free. Sorry, I use the whole word, we'll see, maybe we'll bleed that out. That being said, so that's just going to make every machine way safer, every type of lifting way safer. But some machines aren't hairling more dangerous than most. This is not an inclusive list, it's not a complete list, this is just me poking in the dark, but I got to poking some things that I think have some there. Let's look at this list and explain why. First, is the vertical leg press. The machine is quite rare, hopefully the guys can throw up a picture of this, or maybe have even someone using it video, I don't know if there's videos on anyone using the vertical leg press. We have the rock, don't we have the rock, using the vertical leg press, right? It's gone. Here you go. The vertical leg press is specifically more injurious, because it literally provides all-try forces in through your spine and the rounded position. If you used to that sort of thing, there's nothing wrong with it. The problem is most people aren't used to it, because people don't think they're even using their back. They think they're using their legs, but their back rounds like crazy and all the forces transuse through there. My best tip for you is just don't use the vertical leg press. Not because, if after a while getting used to using it, it's totally safe. The problem is the vertical leg press also sucks total balls, because it gives you a tiny range of motion for your quads. Use a 45 degree leg press instead, get you one of them arsenal leg presses, the for real for your leg press, it's going to blast your quads into the moon, vertical leg press is a dog chip piece of equipment. Hands down and more injurious than it should be. Next, the Smith machine. Why? I thought it was safer. It's not safer. It's not safer than a regular bar in here, it's why. The Smith machine can allow you to lift significantly off-center in a way that you can't do with a normal bar ball, because you would simply follow over, for example. The Smith machine can allow you to push your feet, let's say, in a squat. Smith machine squat. You can push your feet so far ahead of yourself with decent amount of weight that you end up tip-y toe unstable squatting it, because otherwise you would just like fall back through the machine. That much strain on your knees when you're not used to it, can mess you up. And it's something you would never be able to literally do with a regular weight because you would just fall right away, but Smith machine staples you in place and allows you to get really crazy forces in your knees. The other hand, if you squat on such a way that you didn't step through enough forward into the machine and your feet are too far back, that squat ends up leveraging your back. And you're in your hips and your spine at ton, and that it puts way more stress in that area. And it's not like stress in that area as bad. If you used to doing regular free squats and then you go to the Smith machine, even if you used to do in good Smith machine squat, but you miscalculate and you step a little bit too far forward or too far back, it's way higher forces than you would ever experience normally on that particular part of your body. And that can be no good. Another one, this one is crazy that most people don't think of it to me, but it's a thing. If you get pinned under a regular bench press, you can't lift anymore. You can shimmy it out, or if you don't have your clips on it, you can just dump the weights off one side, dump off the other, you good. If you get pinned under a Smith machine, what the hell are you supposed to do about it? I got pinned under a Smith machine once when I was 16. And it took me like 30 seconds to slide my way out, and I remember Scott, my t-shirt was hanging down to my knees after that, because I had just stretched the whole thing out. And I was like, oh my God, thank God, people think Smith machines are safer for pressing than on then freeweight pressing setups, inclines or flat bench, and they're not. They're actually more dangerous, because it will staple that ass where the hell are you gonna go? People will just rack on the hooks. What if you missed the hooks? Look, we'll just rack on them. You can't, you're not strong enough anymore. Like it's a really, really bad deal. So, how do you solve these problems? How do you still use a Smith machine? Four benefit, because it's a great machine. First, make sure you're centered side to side, and front to back before you start lifting. I have a Smith machine at home, so I actually mark off with chalk, where I put my feet. Can't do that at a commercial gym. Maybe remember like, gym mats typically have like, and there's lines in between the mats. They're like, okay, I put my feet three inches behind the line. You get your RPI purtrophy up out. In the Smith machine squats for Monday, you know, second, second exercise of the day, you put a note, you pin a note there that says, feet three inches behind the line. You look at it in the next Monday and you're like, oh, hell yeah, boom, and it fits perfectly. So make sure to do that, make sure it's centered side to side, so you don't do this crazy asymmetrical loading. Another one, even on the Smith machine, especially on the Smith machine, make sure to have a spotter, because somebody's got a drag or dumb ass out of there when you fail. And with a regular bench, you might be able to just get out yourself with a Smith machine, bad bad news can happen. So make sure to have a spotter, and that's a big deal. Another machine that we see a little bit more danger with than many others is the Hacksquat. Why? The Hacksquat is one of those machines that is a way harder at the bottom than at the top, which means it's a really good pie purtrophy. Like it's optimally angled to make you get really, really, really, really, gyanquat. Huge tension at the stretch, minimal tension at the top. But if you can't get out of the bottom, you're kind of stuck. And a lot of Hacksquat's go pretty deep, and so if you're stuck there for long enough, you know, I'm not going to get rotest-care, but not so great things can happen. All sorts of really messed up. Neonjuries hit injury, spine injury, so on and so forth. The solution here is to have a spotter or two for heavy low RAR sets. You might be able to do most of your sets for the day, totally fine on your own, especially if you know what you're doing. But that one set at the end where you're like, I'm really going to push it, I got eight reps last time, I want nine reps and it's more weight. Just get two relatively competent, relatively jack-looking people to just stand on the sides. And really, hey fellas, if I don't come up, just drag the weight up. Not hard. Also, the good news is spotters for free weights have to be pretty technical and pretty apt because they can grab the weight asymmetrically and really f***ing up. If you're in the Smith machine, or sorry, if you're in a hack squat, just doesn't really matter as long as they pull up on the weight part on the bar, you're going to be good to go. So have a spotter, it's really really good. It's kind of strange when people ask for spots on machines, but it's smart because, again, with barbells, weight lifters, Olympic weight lifters, they don't get spotter or anything. Because they can always just get out of it. So they can throw it back behind them, or they can just dump it. In a hack squat, you can't, no, it's got to be ever seen someone dump a hack squat. But even, has it in your life? How the hell are you supposed to get out? You're self-taught. Maybe if you don't manage to get out, then like one of your shoulders gets capped off or something, it's gnarly. So a hack squat, when push comes to shove, make sure you have a spotter or two. Number four, is a gym machine you might not see very often. It comes from the world of equipped powerlifting, but it does have its place in hardcore gyms, across the country, and sometimes people use it wrong, you get into some shit. It's called the monolith. It's a machine that has these hooks that hang down and hold the bar. And then you unwrapped the bar, you don't move anywhere, your buddy hits the lever for the monolith. The hooks swing out, you do your squats, you come back off, you go, okay, I'm good, rack, and then the hooks swing back in, and then you just put the weight down. It's great for squat weights in good morning weights that are so heavy, you don't even want to piss away energy walking them out. The problem with that machine is, once the rack swings out, you're on your own, and unwraking it can feel really weird if you're used to walking it out. Just standing there and you're like, oh shit. And if you want to walk it back in, once you put the bar back in, the hooks a lot of times will shake, and sometimes the weight will pop back out of it. So if you're not used to using a monolith, don't just go in there and use it, just be like, oh, it's fine, it's just like any other piece of equipment. Half some respect, because a monolith can put you into the ground. There are solutions to this. A lot of really good monoliths nowadays, will have chains or belts that catch the weight. So if you have to dump, it's possible to dump her, if you just sit down the weights will catch no problem. Another thing is almost every time that you use a monolith, you need at least two, possibly three technical spotters that are competitive power lifters have been around a long time, they know how to spot the monolith. Because the amount of weight you can lift out of a monolith is really high. The amount of things you can go wrong is really impressive, and so you want spotters and supportive chains or supportive belts to make sure that if you do go south, things happen. Learning how to use a monolith properly from really good power lifters, before going heavy and hard on it, is a really, really good idea. It's one of those things that you need, probably to be associated with a lifting crew for, and not just do by yourself. Lastly, I'm going to get some shit for this, but this is a true fact. The fifth machine on our list, and the last one for machines that are a bit more dangerous than the gym, is the power rack. That's right, regular old power rack, squat rack, whatever you like to call it, why? Doing barbell lifts in a rack, rack dead lifts, squats, so on and so forth, can let you put a lot of force into a ton of weight, even if you don't really know what you're doing. And the rack can't track the weight for you, so you can get real off center and do some real, not only stuff. The thing with a chest press machine, is it's really a kind of only one way to do it. The machine does the whole arc for you. But with a rack, you take that weight out, you walk out the squat and just all you, and you can really mess up if you don't have good technique. So the solution to using the squat rack effectively is to know your technique well, and to have a spotter or spotter is when needed, and then the rack is perfectly safe. But the rack isn't super safe for many people, because people don't are not interested in good technique, and they're interested in impressing themselves and others, by using a lot of weight, the power acts where you do that, and it just happens to be a place where people don't know technique, they don't care, they use a lot of weight, and they get hurt. There's a link especially about the rack, it's just kind of like, it's like, a fly to shit. It's a place where you are unrestricted to move, and you can put a lot of weight on the bar, you're gonna bet people are getting hurt there. So if you know good technique, you can use it, and you have a spotter, the rack is perfectly safe, but those are two things that are very, very important. All right, final insights here. To be totally honest, you can use all of these machines, and all the machines in the gym very safely. And you can get hurt in like 500 different ways in the gym, and like a trillion different ways outside of the gym. So now this is meant to scare tactic. Staying very low in your probability of injury. Comes down to not ramping up your load super fast, warming up having good, stable, control technique, and not doing anything stupid. You know while you're doing it or just before you're doing it, you're just doing it to show off, and it'll probably get you hurt. This does not mean that you won't get hurt. If you're pushing it hard, you will inevitably get hurt. Every now and again, it's just gonna happen. But if you do all the good stuff, I'm talking about. Not only is your probability of injury going to go down, so over the 25 years that you lift weights, or the 30 or 40 or 50 or 60 years that you lift weights, hopefully a lifetime. You might experience five pretty decent injuries, versus like 50 if you do this right. And the magnitude of the injuries can fall substantially. It's a difference between tweaking your pack a little bit, and taking two weeks off, working back up over four, and being totally fine, versus having a totally volgion of your pack and never looking or feeling the same again. So if you use good technique, if you use good load progressions, you'll still get pings and dings every now and again, but it will almost certainly not be nearly as bad of injuries, as you would get if you were doing real dumb stuff. Don't do dumb stuff, go in the link, download the RPHP, or check if you really need a lot of coaching and help. We also have the RP coaching, super elite, some of the world's best PhD athlete coaches will get your back, that link in the description as well, give that a look. Coaches will do video calls with you, God you threw everything, and it's really super dope. Yeah, go out there and don't get hurt, but if there are three giggly nymphs, you gotta do what you gotta do, fellas. Peace.