Natural testosterone boosters barely do shit. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Nothing says you're in tune with nature, like taking an exogenous substances to try to you're on a hormones up. But at least they work, right? $3.7 billion in 2024 worldwide sales for testosterone boosters. Scott, you do realize that means there are people walking around, like getting into Ferrari's and like the girl to cafes, like, hey, had you like 60 in life and he's like, selling testosterone supplements and he gets in a rrrr. Drives off just to come my god. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for our piece strength. The year is 2025. Things are good. You're walking down the street at sunny. You wave at one of your neighbors. He typically waves back, but now he looks a little concerned. He's kind of looked up at you, sort of almost wave, and kind of looked away and you're like, what's going on with Bob? You walk up really, hey, Bob! How you doing buddy? He's like, hey, I can't talk right now. And you're like, Bob, what's going on, man? Let me get, are you okay? He's like, she's just not supposed to say this to anyone in his art. His eyes dart back and forth up the street down the street. They are five supplements in 2025. Zitter, they're overrated. You got to tell people, oh god, I've sent too much. And he runs off, leaves his family, his kids his dog, no one ever saw Bob again. So is it dangerous for me to give you this? Presentation this YouTube video, but five supplements in 2025 that are overrated as hell. Quite frankly, yes? Luckily, I have a guardian in the midst. His name is Scott the video guy. Scott, what weapons platform are you not qualified with? I mean, listen, I got it all baby. He is a weapon and he's going to protect me while I give you this wrap of a video. Check this out. Here at RP, we do not like to see you guys get ripped off. Because we're trying to rip you off with hypertrophy out purchases and dieco-chap purchases. And we can't have you be in ripped off. Coming up with no money. I use most of my art shit. But all seriousness, sometimes the hype behind supplements is worth it. There are supplements that actually work really well. But sometimes the hype is anything but worth it and the supplements end up being ineffective. Or kind of the worst of all in my opinion, intellectually is effective enough to technically call effective. But so damn underwhelming that it's just a waste of your time, money, and perhaps worst of all, hopes. Scott, when you take a supplement, don't you like, kind of get that vibe that it's like going to work? That's right, like I expect to be a jack the next. The next day, and when it doesn't happen even 12 weeks later, you're like, oh my god, but stacy, how am I supposed to ask stacy to go to prom with me if I don't have 50 inch arms? No, I said 50 inch, I didn't mean centimeter. So what I did is I took a deep dive into a zilly literature as the French say, and I brought you guys back a data driven list of five of the most overrated supplements in 2025. But how can I say these supplements are the most overrated? What exactly kind of weird math, fuzzy math? Am I doing? Well, here's what I did. I figured out which supplements are the most popular in a few ways. One is purchasing data, because you can actually nominally look up how much money each supplement category makes. Another one is search data, you can nominally look up like what the most popular searches are for supplements. And another one is discussion board volumes. Scott, can you believe I looked into that shit, man? Wow, like reddit. Don't say that word here. Excuse me. Good people. Believe that out. But, um, every funny, if we had a bleep version of people, like man, they must have said fortune. They go to our bleep, like reddit. They just read it. We're not allowed to say it right now. So did all that. And found out basically the kind of integrated list of the 10 most popular supplements from a combination of those criteria. So how much people buy them, how much people search for them, how much people talk about them. And ranked order these in magnitude of effect from most effective in that top 10 popular list all the way least effective. I took the bottom five of that list. The five least effective supplements of the top 10 most popular supplements. There's a bunch of supplements that don't do anything that know whenever here's about. I took that bottom five of the top 10 most popular supplements, the bottom five in effect. And I put together a list. I didn't stop there. I took the effect on both muscle gain and fat loss. So we're going to be able to rate every supplement on how effective it is. Not just effect. I don't know what that means. How much muscle is it going to give you? How much fat is it going to lose you? And the way that I did this analysis, I'll talk about an insect. But before I went on, I consulted with opening eyes O3 model, which is the smartest thing you're going to talk to. The as of this recording. And asked to turn its own analysis to see how our analysis compared. And we were only off by one. We had the same more or less top 10 list. The one of the five was different. And I looked into it and it turns out like, yeah, O3 beat me on this one. And it is worth mentioning. Because Scott, you love it. It's our last supplement for the list today. I still can't believe it makes the list at all. But it does. It's been generations, you guys. That's your preview of the supplement doing nothing. And people still consume it. And spend literally millions of dollars. So O3 and I compared notes. We took the final situation. And then checked this out. What we did was we ranked the supplements. We indexed them on effect. On proportionality of muscle growth as compared to the goal standard of supplements, which is five grams of creatine, amount of hydrate daily for 12 weeks. So each supplement is rated on like, okay. So if I take the supplement at its, and I actually prompted O3 to say high average dose of the supplements. So we're trying to cut these supplements as a much slack as possible. We're not low dose of them. With a high average dose of this supplement for 12 weeks, how much muscle do we grow compared to how much muscle you would grow on five grams of creatine a day for 12 weeks? That's the muscle gain one. On the fat loss situation, we used to turn's appetite. Turn's appetite is currently the most advanced fat loss weight loss drug that you can get on the open market. And it's radically effective. And so 12 weeks of five milligrams per week of tersepotide, which is actually a low dose for tersepotide, is our gold standard. And all the supplements were compared to that against fat loss. So we're not just vibing here. We're doing quantitative analysis and see, like how much muscle are you really going to grow from these? How much fat are you really going to lose? And what's the proportionality compared to the gold standard of supplementation and pharmaceutical intervention? So that's the situation. We had five total supplements. And here we go. Without further ado, number one is, Scott, the reigning defending BCA's. Oh my God, still. The shit comes out. The crowds are like, boo, one bro in the back. Like, woo, no, no, no, I take it every day. It's the blue and it tastes nice. And I mix it in my shake. Here's the deal. BCA's allegedly simulate muscle growth by directly targeting the M-Tor C1 complex, which is one of the central regulators of muscle growth in the cell. So far so good. But it turns out that BCA's, specifically, loose-seeing, which is the most powerful of them, really only marginally affect muscle growth if you're eating not enough protein. And as soon as if you weigh 200 pounds, and you're consuming at least 160 grams of protein, or if you weigh 100 pounds, at least 80 grams of protein per day, added loose-seeing has functionally no detectable effect on muscle growth. Almost all of you, watching this, had to better. I know you guys are eating like a gram of protein per pound a day or something close. And 1.6 is a real goddamn close. It would be like 1.5, God, what am I saying? It would be like 0.75, right? 0.75 grams of protein per pound of body weight per day. If you're eating any more than that, which you almost certainly are, you do not benefit in almost any measurable extent from BCA supplementation. You say, okay, like science knows this, but people still buy this? Oh, God, yeah. 1.8 billion dollars in 2024 annual sales for BCA's. Second, only to protein and creatine in the specialty amino acid aisle, which is one hell of an aisle. Scott, you are on a specialty amino acid aisle at your local store. Actually, there's a couple of really awesome supplement stores and vagus that have dedicated oils for very, very specific supplements. It's awesome and getting anything you want. So don't go into that aisle, specifically, there's other better oils. Here's the reality. Let's go right to our fact checker to our metric to see how much BCA is actually due. Over the course of a 12 week phase of taking very robust dose of BCA's. You can expect to add approximately 0.3 pounds of muscle, which is 12% or so of creatine's expected effect. Guys, remember, creatine is a supplement that when you take in most cases, you're a liquid AM, I'm like 12 weeks later, feel a little bigger, old, jack, it's nothing crazy. You take nothing crazy, you take 12% of that, what does that leave you with? Probably disappointment. And since BCA's don't burn any fat, this supplement scores 0% of terzepotides fat loss punch. So we're talking about 12% of the effect of creatine. For probably even higher the price. And if you're eating enough protein, that effect dwindles down to pretty much 0. Yeah, yeah, $1.8 billion for that sign me up. Number two, a best biggest offender is conjugated Linnoleic acid, which is a good street wrapper. Scott, remember you had an arc in your life where you were kind of like, I want to say, hood, but you were kind of like a hood wrapper and your name was a vacogator. That's what I lived in Philly, you know, we all go through a phase. Was it phase? I remember that, remember that silver glock you carried around, you would pull out during like platinum, like platinum. Oh, it was platinum. Yeah, that's why they called you a.k.a platinum glock, right? Platinum glock is a great wrapper, right? It's a pretty wrap right? They used to call them the conjugator, but when he shoot them up, because they started anyway. So Scott's wrap history aside, conjugated Linnoleic acid, allegedly, though the police cannot confirm, is a PPAR, alpha activator, to boost beta oxidation, which is a phase of the fat loss process, and it's supposed to make you lose fat. But unfortunately, conjugated Linnoleic acid looks really good when it's used in rodents, the mice love it. They get all weird and their noses get all rather, and then, and then, you got CLA, you're like, I don't Mr. Mouse, I have cheese, I don't with cheese anymore, man. Let me see, LA. It's got really bad in the labs. So in mice amazing, in humans, very, very weak outcomes. There's not stop people from charging money for it, $231 million in 2024 sales. Scott, that's how much I spent on planning vacations last year. Oh wow. Yeah, vacation planners cost a lot of money it turns out. And here's the thing. Okay, so, okay, but how effective is it? CLA, in the research delivers approximately zero kilograms of muscle, and about 0.7 kilograms or 1.5 pounds of extra fat loss over 12 weeks, which rises up to 14 percent of terzepotides effect, often at those effective doses with a good deal of GI upset. So CLA does work for fat loss, but in, like, the most disappointing way imaginable, short of not working at all. And remember, terzepotide is a drug that is legal. Your doctor can prescribe it to you if you qualify, and often if you don't, you didn't hear that here. And so, it's also a net health booster and a way CLA isn't ever going to be. And so, like, if you got the real thing, that you need CLA for. And the answer is probably not. Next up is one of my favorite words in the world. Scottie ready for it. Okay. Oral. Oh, Al Karna team. I thought it was going to be shuckle. You son of a bitch. Hey, it's not a cateau. I was going to go on a rant, uh, or, hey, Scott, like you can't joke about us. Oh, sorry. God, that's so awkward. Oh, I hate you. I hate you. Guys, if you ever see me in real life, you make any jokes about the Jews you want. I'll double up on your shit. You've never heard Jewish jokes as offensive as I can put them out. I promise you. And if you can do more offensive than me, uh, well, I'll shake your hand. My god. All right. This is where all right people get into the comments. Scott. Yeah. And they make like non, non joke, non punchlines. They're like the Jews are seriously degrading the status of Western society. You're like, oh, oh, oh, oh, you're actually really that. Okay. We'll see if that makes the cut. In any case, oral, al Karna team. Al Karna team actually does have fat loss potential. The problem is through the oral absorption route gets highly degraded. You're got bacteria actually, uh, eat the shit out of it, which they love. They're lean. Ripped your gut bacteria. How's like a Mr. Upper Coleman 2025? Like, damn, dude, who's drug testing these bacteria? That's good for them. It's not great for you because you end up almost nothing that going to actual muscles and going to fat loss mechanisms. So that really sucks. The mechanism here is that ostensibly, Al Karna team, when not ostensibly, in reality, transports long chain fatty acids into mitochondria with they would be oxidized burned up and you don't have to have them on your body anymore. But unfortunately, amounts that doesn't get into your actual fat areas. It just stays in your gotten yet. Even by go back to here, you can inject Al Karna team if it's prepared properly. But she's injecting so much anyway. Call that. $220 million and $2024 made from this. It's very popular and shred stacks. Scott, do you think your summer would go better if you shredded for summer? Absolutely. So then you're using the RP DietCo chap, which helps you figure out how much we need and when and keeps you on track and adjusts all of your value so that you get in the shape you want. Not just that. Also the RP had purchased if you had to make sure my programming stays on track as well. My God, you just love success. Don't you? Good God. Here's the deal. Reality wise, oral, Karna team produces about 1.3 pounds of extra fat loss and no reliability mass bumps. It doesn't grow muscle. That's okay. Not every supplement has to try to grow muscle. 1.3 pounds of extra fat loss over 12 weeks is at 12% of terzepotides power. Why are you spending money on that shit folks? You could. You could. But is it a waste of your money? Probably. Next, this is my personal favorite from this list. The last one is just an old enemy that won't die. Scott, you know, like when hero sequels they bring back old enemies that the hero just beat to a pulp last movie. And the guy's underpowered in this current movie. He just kind of pops up in the middle and the hero kills him and you're like, why did you guys bring that guy back? Did you run out of like clever movie ideas? I think that's the main reason for bringing old things back, right? Running out of ideas. Damn Scott, you, oh, you'll you'll move you critical. 100%. You want to have you made a film. Never. Well, remember that that one summer when you and I are doing a lot of home videos? Yeah. I don't know if those are films. Right. I mean, when they're only 43 minutes long, it don't really have a plough so much. All right. My favorite quote unquote natural testosterone booster herb blends because nothing says you're in tune with nature like taking an exogenous substances to try to get on hormones up. I get, I get, I get. But at least they work, right? Scott, the Anakin meme, they work, right? Right? Well, well, well, let's find out. First, what are we dealing with? We are dealing with substances that claim to raise lootinizing hormone or inhibit aromatase, both of which ostensibly would increase the amount of testosterone you have in your blood, making you a man. You say one of these pills and all of a sudden you are driving a truck? shirtless hairy. Scott, how else can we bough for up the man analogy? You have a cigar? I mean, if you're a trucker, I mean, I think you're like using tobacco, like, jaw. You got, you got, you got it. You got it. You got it. And you're, and you're eating a hungry man dinner at the same time. That much masculinity is tough to contain, but somehow you're doing it with the following, I was going to say drugs, maybe these are, I guess they're technically drugs, supplements that you're putting in there, things like fenugreek, tribulus, ashwaganda, deosparac acid, and my favorite, tonkot ali, which sounds like the next opponent you're supposed to fight at that underground Thai MMA place you should never gone to in Bangkok, but instead, you get amazing results. Wait, do you hold on? $3.7 billion in 2024 worldwide sales for testosterone boosters. You had better begin something. Scott, you do realize that means there are people walking around, like, getting into Ferrari's and like the girl to cafes, like, hey, how'd you like 60-idin life? And he's like, selling testosterone supplements and he gets in and drives off just to call my God. Yeah, he's named Tonkot ali, by the way, the back-to-back Bangkok underground MMA champion. That's a sweet name. He deserves success. He deserves success. Yeah, he has this Barna story I didn't say, but she got into the car with him and actually just finger-banged herself while he drove her. Reality time, fellas, all jokes aside, this one, Scott, is going to get a laugh out of you. The muscle growth yield for 12 weeks of taking your typical highly-dose testosterone booster is at 0.07 kilograms of muscle, 0.15, 0.15 pounds of muscle in 12 weeks. Wow, that's, uh, time you know. I mean, if my math isn't too off, you could take it for a year and still be well under a pound of muscle gained. But if I just take 100 times as much, now that's thinking, you'll just get huge and popular and rich. Oh, an handsome, did I mention handsome? So 0.15 pounds of lean muscle, kind of sucks, and 0.1 kilogram, or 0.2 pounds of fat loss in 12 weeks, this gives us about 5% of creatine's muscle effect. Guys, creatine is something you got a really paid attention to notice over 12 weeks. 5% of that is very dust. And that's about 2% of tersepatides fat loss effect. Why are we even talking? 2% is in the margin of error for every drug. Natural testosterone boosters barely do shit. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. If you're hypogonaddle or you're under a ton of stress, Ashwaganda can help. And Ashwaganda has some really cool benefits on your psychology because it distresses you, you're less apt to be all cortisol like, but to be honest, man, like it's bad for this category and three, $0.7 billion later, someone is eating good, probably unadurigible, powered entirely by crude oil. My flying hobby is a side. Last one, sky-rated for this one, this is the one we've been teasing. Okay, hit me. It's back. Glutamine. Oh, yeah. Remember that supplement that never worked, you guys? But people started taking in the 70s and now people still take it. $267 million in sales often bundled to many recovery formulas. And apparently it's supposed to serve as a nitrogen donor. Okay, giving up its nitrogen group to make sure more amino acids retain their continuing defunction. And it's supposed to fuel your gut and the immune system, which it does. The problem is that almost no diet lacks glutamine. glutamine is almost never the limiting amino acid in the any kind of diet or the human body. So remember, limiting factors are important to consider. If you have a billionaire who's stuck in a desert island and you give him an extra ward of cash that doesn't get him off the island. He already has a lot of money. The limiting factor is a fueled airplane with the skids that let you land on water. If you gave him that, he would be able to get off the island. You already have a shitload of glutamine in your food and your body. You do not need more unless you like recovering from some kind of major gastrointestinal surgery and your immune suppressor and you live at the hospital. Then glutamine might be a good idea. But for anabolism, for muscle growth, always lack to direct evidence of muscle protein synthesis. And every time it was studied, it came up with a deadly dick as Dr. James Hoffman of our P likes to say. So here's the reality in why this is like my favorite, or my, my, the ban of my existence, no statistically meaningful muscle or fat loss change over 12 weeks, 0% of creatine enters up a tights effect. Scott, think about that. 267 million dollars for nothing. That's insane. Okay, but here I have a possible solution. I found a supplement while you were talking. Okay. BCA and Rich with glutamine. Oh, but someone, a brand I will not name a selling that. But that just needs to work. It's like, alchemy, you know, if you combine two things that don't do, maybe one of them will do something to hope and be young. Folks, be young. Hope. Put Bob on some mill cartons. So we find a ask. Why did you run away from his family? It's just news about supplements that don't work. And try not to get ripped off. There are supplements that are effective. Creatines great protein is great. They're called a hydrate supplements that are awesome. Vitamin D is awesome. Magnezium from when you go to sleep. The list is quite long of effective supplements. But the ones that are worth it, they didn't make the list. Anyway, I have an Dr. Mike. Stay safe. Stay clean. Drink your school. Go to milk. And I'll see you next time.