Almost ever in ever talk to says two things about it. One, it's amazing. And two, you legit feel like you're gonna have a heart attack. With this particular supplement, folks were hospitalized and required liver transplants. You guys, the liver is one of the most regeneratable organs in the human body. And you can lose like half of your shit and still grow it back without a transplant. So, all we're talking transplants, this stuff is as liver toxic as it gets. Hey guys, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength and there are supplements and drugs that were previously released. That were so dangerous. Even almost every single one, if not every single, heart core, high risk drug user stopped using them. Because there's dangerous drugs like trans really bad for you, for example. Halo is another stare that's really bad for you. And it's got tons of side effects. These drugs we're gonna talk about today are a whole level beyond that. If when even the skeesy guy at the gym that's not every steroid for his whole life is like, oh, you're taking that, I wouldn't take that. The first is cardering. Otherwise known as GW501516. Scott that sounds like a family drug. I want to take something with a nice long technical name. Carverine, otherwise known as Inderable. It's a PPAR agonist. And what it does is it's kind of an exercise magnetic to some extent. It was marketed for fat loss and endurance. And in mice, it had excellent effects. It increased the fraction of oxidative fibers and it increased running times and the super, super famous exercise magnetic result. And you would think, okay, cool. This is like a, look, a wonder drug for athletes. Why don't athletes use it? Because in the multi-site 104 week rat and mouse carcageinicity trials, it ended up displaying tumor creation at all sorts of places in the body. So let me phrase this very clearly. This drug in mice and rats, which have 92% of the same DNA as humans, caused tumors to form everywhere from long-term exposure. Now you guys know, people don't use this drug. It's not a proof for human use. And users said that it worked fine. But when people found out that it caused a shitload of cancer and laboratory animals under very well-controlled conditions, pretty much everyone stopped using, I don't know, a single person uses car green anymore. There are no doubts on people out there that do. But even the hardcore community that would use kind of anything when they find out about these cancer trials, pretty much everyone just put down the drug and never used it again. Though you can still buy it on the internet, believe it or not. Next is a very controversial drug you might have heard of before. It is known as two four, di-neutral phenol, aka DNP. It is technically an explosive, which is kind of neat, and is an used in industrial agriculture, which is also kind of neat. It is not sold for human use or approved for human use. It is literally just an industrial chemical. But because it is an industrial chemical, you can actually acquire it relatively easily because there just nobody thinks you're going to be eating it because you'd have to be insane to do that. You can also go to home deep-o by a bunch of cleaning products and eat those. Do not do that. That's a very bad idea. Now DNP is what's called a mitochondrial uncopler. Your mitochondria basically take ADP and a phosphate clip it together to make ATP, a denocene triphosphate, and that adenocene triphosphate goes all over the cell and powers all the cell stuff that you need. In that process of making ATP makes plenty of energy through ATP and throws off some waste as heat just in the imperfect process of making ATP. The coupling of energy to the creation of ATP is the big part of that process. Energy is coupled in to make ATP. It's not coupled perfectly because we still have some energy that goes off and just makes heat. DNP is an uncopler which means the more DNP you take, the more you're mitochondria keep turning and the less ATP they put out. But since your body is incredibly incredibly adept at detecting how much ATP it has, if it doesn't get enough ATP because of the uncopler it looks the mitochondria and it goes a work faster. So the mitochondria end up burning fuccload of calories mostly making heat and not a lot of ATP. And they end up getting up to a level where they making a normal amount of ATP are pretty close but the amount of energy that consumes is massive and thus that energy is burned and your fat stores are mainly where that comes from. Now of course muscle loss is also a thing. It glycogen loss is a thing but as far as raw potential for calorie burning DNP has few equivalents because of that uncopling process. And it absolutely leads to rapid fat loss if you use it. In some case reports people don't get an increase in hunger but in some they do. So but it doesn't dependably make you much hungrier which is nice but for some people they still get super hungry. Now what are the deleterious effects? There's actually one straightforward way in which almost all the bad stuff of DNP happens and that is you take so much of it that you overheat. And if you overheat you actually put cook yourself from the inside out it just degrades all of your body structures. It's a way to actually die. The thing with DNP is that it has a pretty decent half life of like a day and a half. So if you've taken an excessively high dose for three days and you get real sick on day number four, you're not out of the woods until day number six. And if you don't get to the hospital and get put in an ice bath for 24 hours to cool your dumb ass down because of what you did, you have a very high risk of death if you go way overboard on the dosage, which typically occurs in that like thousand milligram plus range per day. But remember if you take a thousand migs per day for a few days for a day you feel okay the next day you feel really tired and very hot and the day after that if you take it again you could be like really hyperthermic and that causes actually delirium and makes you have a fever like state. So your probability of assessing that oh it's the DNP that caused this and of getting very, very rapid medical care so you don't fry your brain out of your skull is now much lower because you're making really bad decisions at that point. This is a real big problem. So much so that DNP has killed numerous people not hundreds of thousands of some shit like that but the odd death here and there for some reason oftentimes got in the UK in the fitness clubbing scene like oh I've got to get in shape for a rave coming up. I've got the the cream room in London. Liverpool. Yeah. Well you know, he did he parties and so these folks will take a thousand migs of DNP every day for seven days you can potentially lose like four pounds of fat per week doing that if you don't croak or get such a high fever that if the doctor's managed to bring it down your intelligence is permanently lower for the rest of your life because you fried a bunch of your brain out. Bad deal. Very, very bad deal. Even so there's not a proof of human use band in every sport Federation. The thing with DNP in the real world community of drug derelicts that use risky drugs is nuanced. The people that use DNP at 600 milligrams plus a thousand milligrams plus are very few and far between. They're just the people that did something stupid and then paid often with their lives. There is a group of people that will use DNP in the 50 to 100 milligrams per day range for several weeks on end. They absolutely get an enhanced fat burning effect. So there are people that still use DNP. Again, if you take 50 to 100 milligrams of DNP the probability you're going to croak from excess heat is almost zero. If you take a thousand milligrams of DNP the probability of croak from too much heat is much, much closer to 100 than it is to zero. So there is a dose dependency here and as a person who is trying to give you guys the real deal and how the real CD drug world actually works, I'm not going to tell you nobody uses DNP as a fucking lie. I want to lie to you today in the last 30 seconds. I have a huge dick. See, totally straight face. Real talk people do use this but they use it at one tenth of the dose at which it kills you. Still risky is, here's one of the reasons it's risky. You get the DNP and it's just a little yellow pill from some kind of box from some kind of farming supply store and you have absolutely no idea on the process control used to make sure it's actually 100 milligrams in there instead of a thousand. See if you've thrown it on a field for the fertilizer effect, you don't really give a shit at those doses and levels. It's a Russian roulette every single time. The big downside with DNP and why actually even almost no hardcore people use it is that it really substantially makes you hotter all the time which kind of sucks if you're trying to sleep and it also really reduces your perceived and actual ability to produce energy. Because remember, it takes a lot of your energy shifts it from making ATP to just making heat. And then you have less ATP than normal. You feel every single bit of that. You all real talk you guys. I've absolutely used DNP and I've used it in a context in which it was helpful but I don't use it anymore because it was like look, I could just do like a couple hundred steps extra cardio, reduce my carbs by 25 grams, get the same effect as from DNP but I'm not nearly as tired in my training isn't nearly as total dog shit because it will rob you of your energy. Like you will not believe. Like a set of five in the squat usually get off that set you're like, I was tough. All right with DNP you're like, really fuck. And it takes a minute to get your fucking mojo back and you just feel weak almost all the time. Not a good thing. Not a great drug is just really not fit for purpose. For that exact effect. There are way better fat loss and weight loss drugs out now. Even better exercise my medics out now. DNP is not something with mostly because it can kill you and kills people all the time. And even if it doesn't kill you it just really like a calorie deficit is a much better way to get to the thing with less energy reduction. 100%. Next, we have a couple of substances that were kind of big deals a few years back. And this is a bit of a cautionary tale about that one cool new supplement people are talking about in general. So in 2013 there was this oxytelite pro-ageline formula. Oxytelite pro had a bunch of different stuff in it. It was marketed as a thermal fat loss supplement. And what it did was supposed to do is help you with energy and help you increase your calorie burning, decrease your weight and potentially a fat loss. All of which it did fairly well. The problem is that some of the stuff they put in there caused a severe outbreak of hepatitis and liver failure. Okay, let me put this into perspective. If you take like 100 milligrams of oxandrolone aka anovar for like six weeks, there is a good probability your liver values will go up a little bit and probably nothing else will happen. In extreme cases they can go really off the charts. But it's very unlikely. And that's a very high dose for very solid duration. When you're talking about acute hepatitis inflammation of the liver and acute liver failure, we're talking about orders of magnitude more liver damage than even regular oral steroids give you. This is not oral steroid liver damage. This is holy shit. I'm in the hospital after taking this pill for a few weeks. The wrong with me and the doctors are like, you don't really have like a liver anymore so much. The space for it is still there. You got plenty of free real estate where your liver used to be. I'll be down and I see you if you ever need me. Typical doctor, what is it? The bedside manner. There's a huge recall. Tons of investigation. And there was lots of people that had injured livers, especially folks who were in the military taking these pills to go go go and a lot of these folks ended up in the hospital. This is a really, really, really big deal. And so this got pulled. You can't find it anymore. Thank God. But it just goes to show you that and it was for a while. It was a really hot new supplement. People are like, you try to get an oxyly pro. Yeah, man, there's something that really gets me going. Well, that turns out that's something particularly the age line stuff in there. Probably causing massive liver injury in a large fraction of its user. So anytime someone's got that new cool super supplement, let a few other people use it for a while before you jump in on the new trend because it could give up. And we don't just have one story of this. We have to because use Nick Asset was in a product called lipo kinetics. Scott, who comes up with these amazing, in terms? I want to take something called lipo kinetics. I want my fat to get moving in an electrical way or some shit like that. It was in a few other products as well. And it is a natural product. Okay. Check this out. So natural doesn't mean shit as far as keeping you safe. Lesson number one. And it has uncopling properties that high doses. So it works in a DNP like matter. But while DNP isn't particularly liver toxic, it just kills you by frying you to death. This shit was severely hepatotoxics. So, severely toxic to liver. There were reports of fulminent liver failure, which I don't know what that is. And I didn't even google it, but it sounds bad. You know, Scott, you know when some shit has like a name before it, like you know it's real bad. Like if that just liver failure, it's like a kind of liver failure, like you're doing some time in the hospital. Here's the really trippy part guys. With this particular supplement, folks were hospitalized and required liver transplants. You guys, the liver is one of the most regeneratable organs in the human body. And you can lose like half of your shit and still grow it back without a transplant. So when we're talking transplants, this stuff is as liver toxic as it gets. It was never an approved drug. The FDA warned people about it, but some people were like yellow and whatever. As soon as it was found out that this stuff was calling causing John Dus, Prytis and a colonistasis and all this other really terrible liver stuff, basically everyone stopped using it. But again, it was accurately marketed as natural and marketed quite well. And a lot of people took it. And a few of those people really really paid a humongous price. Scott, that's dope, right? Like how many people would buy something that was natural, but like literally in their mind is zero risk of harm. Natural. We think sunlight harms human, I guess skin cancer. Water, flood deaths. Squirrels, rabies, berries, poison berries in the forest. Sex, year, an old man. Scott, you've lived a really good life. You are at this following time involved in coitus with a young attractive female. And Scott, she likes you back, not for your money for status. And as soon as you have the nut of your life with her on top of her, you have the world's quickest cardiac death and just croak right there. Is there a better way to go out? No, that's perfect. It sounds like a great way to go. Bye. Will she have trauma after that, maybe? Where is that? She has to throw her cure corpse off her body. Good. You can take it. I'm sure that's she'll be fine. She tries it a couple times you're not moving. She's like, I'm not dying under a dead guy. In any case, at least you wouldn't have died from taking lipo kinetics and getting your liver fried out. So real talk, if it's natural, then I mean shit. And if it's this hot new thing people are taking and it's branded all cool, make sure you do your due diligence before realizing if the shit in there hasn't been tested on humans and it's all about time. Now, if you want to have an also bad time, you could try DMAA, also known as one three die methyl amalamine. Or otherwise also known as methyl hexanamine. Chemists are real people too. So DMAA is like a super stimulant. And it was used as an ingredient in the occasional stimulant. It was actually originally marketed as fourth vein is a nasal decompression in the mid 20th century. But it later appeared in pre-workouts known as Jacked 3D Scottie from Lila Jack 3D. Sure am. Every bro in the broosphere has heard whispers the wind just flutters over the rocks. And it's like Jack 3D. Jack 3D. That's a real thing. And there's two kinds of Jack 3D. There's the DMAA Jack 3D, whichever one loved. And there's the not DMAA Jack 3, whichever one was like why are we still taking Jack 3D. It is an indirect, some patho-mimetic stimulant, similar to caffeine. And it absolutely caused massive boosts and focus. Massive boosts in aggression if you would like to release it. Massive performance boost even thermogenesis. This is legit. This supplement worked like crazy. Just think super caffeine or almost meth. Not so chemically unrelated to Meth interestingly enough. Unfortunately, it caused way disproportionate levels of high blood pressure aka hypertension. Vazo constriction and caused its fair share of cardiovascular events. Mario Cardio and Farkion, AK Heart Attack and Stroke. The FDA, the FDA, DMAA. The FDA ruled at illegal and dietary supplements. And their supplements are considered adultered when it is present. It's illegal in most modern countries. Now here's the interesting part. What did users say when they were taking it? Basically they loved it. DMAA makes caffeine look like child's play. And if you have a hard leg workout to get through, Jack 3D was going to get you through that leg workout. And then another person's leg workout. Then they would catch you in the weight room eating weights or some shit like that. I mean, it is cyborg fuel. The problem is every now and again it causes heart attacks and strokes. And a way higher rate than caffeine dose produced. Which means it's one hell of a dice roll. So today, do people still use it? Some people still do hunt it down for fun and use it every now and again. But most people avoid it because G-Wiz, I just throw the headphones in, turn on the heavy metal, have regular caffeine. And my workout goes just fine. I don't need to exactly think I'm dying. And here's the interesting thing. More than a handful of folks died from or had and survived. Cardiac episodes, heart attack strokes from this drug. And you would think, man, the shit really snuck up on people. But it didn't. Scott, you ever take DMAA before? No. Almost ever and ever talk to us as two things. About it. One, it's amazing. And two, you legit feel like you're going to have a heart attack. Sounds fun. Sounds fun. So if you feel like you're going to have a heart attack with something, the lesson here is probably stay the way for me because heart attacks tend to be really, really bad for training. Because after you have a heart attack, you get back from a hospital. You're like, hey, Doc, what am I allowed to do? They're like cardiac rehab for the next six months and maybe you can be a normal person someday. Not some shit you want to deal with. So DMAA, fun for some, who like really crazy stimulants. But again, very, very risky. Few more of these. We have methasterone. But most people don't call it that. They call it super drawle. And super drawle was sold as like a supplement in the 2000s though it's really just an oral steroid in a very strong oral steroid. Causes radical strength gain, causes radical muscle mass gain. Unfortunately, it causes severe, colostatic liver injury. Well, described in multiple case reports. Now look, half of these case reports just people who just have shitty genetics for the shit or took way too much of it without a break. But the other half are normal people that thought they were okay, took it and had a really, really bad time. The thing is, some people still take super drawle every now and again to get that real, last ditch effort to get their steroid cycle to do what they want. But most people even very hardcore people and almost every pro body builder and pro power just uses other stuff like trend and halo and debaul and adidral that's like a category degree safer than super drawle. So it's still around every now and again. But is one of those things. It's not this situation where it's for sure going to kill you. It absolutely is not good for your liver. But some people respond worse and better to it. It's just that it's one of these things that the risk profile to benefit for profile. There's so many other drugs that most people take that do a better job at that profile. But it's really just not a good idea to go too super draw. But a super drawle is dangerous to some of these other ones. Like the whole, like let's say the oxy-leat stuff or the lipo kinetics, no, not even close. And sure, it doesn't cause cancer all over your body if you take it for a few weeks. But it's absolutely not ideal. A very similar compound or an ex compound of list is methyl trianolone. Also called metropoleone, but nobody calls it that. It's methyl trend is what you call it. And it, like, seems like it's a methylated form of trend. I don't think that's actually exactly what it is. But it sure sounds like it in it. Absolutely has the effects that you would think it does. The cool thing about methyl trend is that it's extremely anabolic and endogenic at very tiny doses. The problem for it is that it is really, really nasty as far as liver toxicity and really nasty as far as psychological effects. It will fuck up your life. Nobody has fun on methyl trend. It's something some power lifters will take, like the morning of their meat. So that by the third deadlift they're like putting indentations into the metal bar with their fucking minds. That's the kind of stuff. It's not something you want to be on for an extended period of time. So generally speaking, most people don't use methyl trend. There's other stuff that's just much more straightforward to use that causes lots of muscle growth and strength gains. And if they do, they use it for like a day or a few days, leading in to a big powerlifting meat or something like that. And in bodybuilding circles, it's almost unheard of because like, why do you need to get that juicy? What effect is that going to have on your physique? The trade-offs are absolutely not worth it. So methyl trend is something that like some people use. Again, often in powerlifting strength sport circles, sometimes in strong manion occasion, very acute dosing for one day of the actual competition day. If you use this regularly for weeks and weeks, you're probably going to have a bad time, but your liver will hate you even more. And lastly is Ramona Bant, aka marketed as a complia. This, when I, you guys here me talk at other times, I call some eggletyde and trisepatide and retatryde modern weight loss drugs. That is to distinguish them from non-modern, older weight loss drugs. And there's a huge category of those. Most of them were flubs in one way or another. It's one as effective. You took them for a few months. They were effective. And after a few months, they were not effective. They lost their power or they ran into some health trouble kind of stuff. And a complia was absolutely one of these things. It's a suspended slash with drawn medication and the EU. You're not allowed to take it anymore. It is a CB1 receptor antagonist. And it works on the end of cannabinoid system. And what it basically does is it reduces your appetite substantially. You will notice that if you agonize the cannabinoid system, like smoking that shit, you get two things, mostly. Hungry and elated in mood. The antagonist, at least this specific CB1 antagonist, made you way less hungry, which was kind of cool. And that's why I actually added to some really good weight loss data in the trials. The problem is that it also did the inverse thing with mood and caused severe adverse psychiatric effects, namely depression, anxiety, and as a signal for on a living or self, which apparently we're not allowed to say that word on YouTube, right? It's got how bad was it? Well, there was a citation that showed that the fraction of psychiatric disorder presentation taking this drug was a double that of placebo. Usually when drugs have psychiatric downsides, it's a fraction of that. This is a real serious stuff. And so you actually can't really get this anywhere nor do you want it because you're going to have a bad time by definition if you have this. Pretty much nobody in the bodybuilding space messed with it because it was kind of designed to treat regular weight loss. And unless it's like a thermogenic bodybuilder's can feel it typically don't take it. Nowadays bodybuilders are on Treasapatide and some agulatide like whoa, but those are way more subtle and way, way, way, way, way safer. And so a lot of people still wish that we had a CB1 modulator that was safe, which is just not around, but pretty much nobody takes the stuff. It's not really produced and there's not really a black market for us. So that's for the best. But it is a cautionary tale for the fact that some drugs are mechanistically very well-vetted, have large trials showing they have a good main effect, but the devil's in the details. And if you have this crazy high degree of psychiatric problems with a drug, and you put that out of the population and someone who's already at risk for maybe harming themselves or something like that, every now and again, that's going to lead to a really, really, really bad time. So guys, overall, this is a grand tour of some of the supplements and drugs that over very recent history, there's all happened in the last 20 years, we're supposed to be things that were awesome and helped you. And they ended up being things that really had negative downsides that just were not worth it. In most cases, even for the most hardcore people that regularly shoot bathtub trend manufacture in China, even for them, almost all the drugs in this list, we're just no go. And some of them, like DMP, were a go and very nuanced, very contextual circles at a very, very tiny doses compared to what's actually bad for you. What this tells us isn't that drugs are bad. It doesn't even tell us that artificial things are bad because one of the worst ones here was a natural substance. What it tells us is, before you go put in the stuff into your bodies that you see advertised or some pro is taking it or you saw it in some peptide shop, do your due diligence, talk to Gemini, talk to Claude, talk to Chashy B.T. Talk to Grock, extensively be like, look, I'm thinking about taking this supplement of this drug. Tell me about the health data, tell me about the downsides, tell me anything that'll keep me from taking it and fully imbibe the knowledge they give you back. Because you can roll the dice and be like, oh, I'm one of the first ones to jump on the XYZ bandwand of this new drug and they're probably going to be fine and jacked and lean. But there is a decent probability that new drugs that haven't been well-vetted that have tons of hype around them are exactly the thing that you should not be taking. So don't you shut yourself out to the world and stop taking drugs altogether? That's totally fine as well. Just be smart. Don't rush in. I'm let some other risk of her folks do the testing for you, read the forums and be like, oh, that guy's dead. I'm not going to take that drug. I'm kidding. Sort of. Now if you want something that's super safe and super effective and will actually potentiate you getting more jacked and more lean, the RP diet coach app is a thing that makes me money and it also makes got the video guy money and listen, we love money. You can spend it all kinds of things. That way me. Don't spend it is not a big thing. But you can invest it to. Guys legit, the RP diet coach app is awesome. I use it every single day, no joke. It's not like I'm pimping someone else's product. The shit is our fucking product. I use it three times a day. Scott used it three times a day, but he only has to look at it once. He's just can't read that good. And so he has to look at it a few more times and he has like a ledger that's A means A sound. Ah, okay. And so he does that. Give it a shot. Let me go to the description. And if you want to take any of these drugs, your boy has got to know. I don't have an online shop where you can buy all these illegal crazy drugs. Scott, do you want to start a supplement company that only sells drugs that really hurt you? I thought people do that already. Yeah, I don't have more or less. Stay safe. Be smart. Don't do anything stupid. And if all your young TikTok or friends are taking this cool new supplement, don't be the first to take it. Don't be the middle to take it. Maybe be the last. Get other gains anyway. See you next time.