We have an announcement. Theoretically, we may have stumbled upon the world's best chest of exercise. Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike, who's your telpharanosontopriorization. And technically, for stronger by science, this is Milo Wolfe. That's me. You're a coach for SBS? I'm a coach for my own company, for SBS. Oh, you've got your own company. My word. Milo is The world expert on a range of motion in training. And that's not an exaggeration because he really is. You are the author of the most preeminent review and your entire doctoral work is essentially on range of motion in training. That's correct. We have an announcement. Theoretically, we may have stumbled upon the world's best chest exercise. Because we are both scientists, we have to make a caveat. Because of individual differences. Because of variation, you can't actually have a world's best anything exercise. Why? An amazing exercise that theoretically checks all the landmarks could for one person be fucking beautiful. And could for another just hurt their shoulders. And or just not give them a big pump or big soreness or big progression or anything. And all of a sudden you're like, okay, well, the theory is theory, but it doesn't factor work. Like if someone says, this is the best restaurant in the world. You can take 100 people to a day level. You can take one guy to it and he's like, I didn't like it. You're like, what are you going to tell them? They're supposed to like it? All right, whatever. It's not for a friend. Variation. Even if you have a king shit exercise. Stainless is real. And at some point nine months into doing an exercise, you're like, you know what? Fuck this. Anything else will be better at this point. Do you try that anything else? It gives you less joint pain irritation, less psychological. I don't want to do this anymore. Bigger pumps, more soreness for less volume. And all of a sudden, even if it's just for a few weeks or a few months, that different exercise is better. There is an analogy to this that I probably shouldn't say, but I'll say anyway, when you don't say in, you do them with the same girl for a long time. Anything else is better. Watermelon, coal cut in it. The world's best chest exercise with the nuanced context that the director of the Yes, of course, there's always nuance. My proposal. And I want to see how my mylo takes to it. Canberd bar bench press. Here are the advantages. Number one, it puts you in an accentuated loaded stretched position, which your research has leaned is probably the most hyper-trophic. Big green chalk mark. Yes, that's a far so good. Second, this imponent allows you this stability, loadability, and small progressive element of a barbell. You can put two and a half pounds on there. You can put five. You can put ten. You have the ability to make it universal for all humans and body sizes, because if you say a machine is the best, you get someone who's five foot one on there, like your girlfriend or whatever, and she's like, I can't use this. And you're like, oh god, damn it. You put someone who's six three on there, and they're like, I can't use this. You're like, okay, fuck, but for most people, the camper bar bench really just accommodates almost everyone unless you're so big. You can't fit through the camper. Only shit. Why the hell are you lifting? You want already. It's got all those benefits. And the barbell tends to be a relatively stable thing with dumbbells. There are some instability that may be a little bit less hypertrophic, because you spend time stabilizing all the research we have on both eyeballs and standing on that. The hypertrophy is really dog shit, because you're just bouncing. Not the same thing with dumbbells, but with a barbell man, you track and you're good to go. So far so good. So far so good. And then lastly, we have the idea that for machines, any time you have a machine, the eccentric is a little bit reduced because of the friction. But the friction is added to the concentric, which means the ratio of concentric eccentric is concentric loading is a bit higher fractionally the eccentric. But from theoretical work, we understand that eccentric is probably really grows a lot of muscle. Maybe a little bit more than concentric, even if it's tied, probably a little bit more in the eccentric realm. So because it's a barbell freeweight movement, you get all the eccentric loading. Is there a chest exercise you can think of that on those or other metrics is theoretically hypothetically superior to the cambered barbench? What do you think? The closest I can get, and again, caveat of individualization, a lot of people, for example, the final exercise that's going to show the shoulders would be the double fly. Yes, double fly is relatively stable, not a stable as the bench, relatively loadable, though you have to grab some points, which is totally fine. And adding reps, I was on that study. I'm sure it felt that about repetition, it works totally great. It's an isolation movement, so it's not compound movement, which isn't a dig at it. But chest is fine for chest, it's totally fine. So the cambered barbench press, I can make another dig at it. It is really the golden fleece. But oh God, damn it, everyone has dumbbells to do presses and flies with. With a fucker, you're going to get a cambered bar. My best recommendation is if you're serious about lifting, honestly, the thing costs like 250 bucks, you can just fucking get a ship to you. As far as barbells go, that's fucking cheap. And if you don't have 250 dollars, just save like $25 a month for 10 months. And then you have 250 dollars. Anytime people say, I don't have that kind of money, I'm like, you just don't want to save money, which is totally cool. But because I'm Jewish, it's not totally cool. And it's an athlete to me and it fends me. If you can't save money, what are you doing? Being that you're Austrian and I'm Jewish, you have a bit of a history, they're don't we? A little bit. Yeah, it's all love. Now, back then, I'm saying, back then, they didn't want me. Now I'm hot, they all want me. So cambered barbench, if you have access to it, if you can talk to Jim owner to buy you one, or if you can get a buyer yourself, big tip is control, any centric. If you can get all the way down amazing, if you can't know where it's just go as deep as you can, pause for one or two seconds at the bottom and makes the exercise safe, it makes the exercise super effective because you spend even more time pulling your muscles into bits. Lockout doesn't have to be full, you can get just to both parallel or something like that. And then come back down or you can do a full lockout or problem. The cambered barbench has a double sticking point. It's really weird. Stick here and then you stick here again. It's the weirdest thing in the world. It's the so challenging. And my last recommendation is load and sets. Take your normal bench press weight, cut it at least in half. Do the normal sets you do for chest, cut those also in half because this is such a stimulative movement and so challenging. It'll fuck you up with almost nothing. Do not put your regular bench press weight on there. As soon as you get down to the bottom, you're like, oh, we should. It's going to be terrible. Lastly. If you really had to think it through. Have you ever considered going to art school in Austria? Yes. And what kept you from art school in Austria? I'm going to get myself cancelled if we keep going down this joke. Because I think I'm allowed to make Jewish jokes, but you never can tell can you. I'm pissed realin' it. And it's a lollipop. Folks, I've talked myself into a whole bunch of nonsense as usual. My lollipop has been more than happy. If people are curious about your body of work, how about your body in general, where can they find you? You can find me on Instagram at Wolfcoach. That's my last name Wolf. Do you actually coach wolves? I don't. You should get into it. I didn't just pick an animal either. It's a national last name. Right. It's just crimps. You have tools inside your A-side. And what are they doing? One of those me, I'm enjoying myself. And the other one is whatever wolf you personally have. Great. Just excellent. At Wolfcoach on Instagram, my wife on YouTube. In my actual body of work, by which I'm even in my studies, that would be, if you go with my little wolf research aid, you'll find it. Excellent. Excellent. Folks, look into that. And my little huge pleasure having you on the channel. Thank you, sir. Try the camera of interest. See you guys next time. Peace. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro body builders? The most effective muscle growth training I've ever made. Get yours now.