A small waste may in large part be attractive because it signals youth in addition to health. And if looking younger and healthier as a thing you're into, having a big gut doesn't line up with either one of them. But I'm probably not going to have to sell you on that, because you're probably clicking on this video, thinking about like, hey, idiot scientist guy, balding, stupid person with ugly face. Why don't you tell me about how to get rid of my belly fat? Like you promised, as sure as she doesn't crunches. You can do a million crunches and basically change just nothing. This thing isn't some bullshit I'm telling you. This is a real thing and it works really well. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. Huge, huge insight for you today about how to take your giant, disgusting, morbid, filthy, hairy, stomach and make it smaller in sexier. Oh, I am talking about myself again. Check this out. Smaller guts generally kind of equal better aesthetics. You specifically and other people liking how you look better. It's a near universe, which means that almost every, maybe every culture ever studied, ever examined. The same person with a smaller waist is 99 times out of 100 going to be praised as more attractive by themselves. And other people, then that same exact person with a bigger waist. Now, what actually makes you have a big gut? There are a few factors, at least about four. One is hip size. If you have very narrow hips, your waist is going to be smaller, usually. If you have very wide hips, your waist is going to be bigger. And that establishes kind of how wide your gut is. If your gut is very wide and very far out, it's going to be way bigger than if it's just very narrow and far out. So that's definitely a thing and you can't really change that with current technology. Scott, would you get a surgery that breaks your hip bones and reconstructs them into smaller ones? Oh, no. That's tough. Another factor is how tight your ab muscles are when you're not contracting them. Ab muscle laxity. Not just the muscles, but the fashile sheath that covers that whole region. And that's just genetic for the most part. Can be fixed with advanced surgery, which I'm probably going to get sooner later because if you're seen any pictures of me, folks who... who's got who's editing this? Alex. Alex. Throw a nice fun picture of me doing a vacuum and of me having my whole like waist out situation. That, you know, I don't actually have a very high body fat in many times in my life. And I still have an enormous gut simply because I have just very high genetic laxity. My parents look like that. Everyone on my family looks that they just have low pop bellies. And that's just a thing. So remember that is a potential way in which like here's actually a really easy test. If you can suck in, do a vacuum and get your waist to come down really small. And then we just relax it blows out really big. It's just the abdominal wall laxity. If you have a big gut and you try to suck in and nothing really happens or goes in by an inch and nothing happens, like it's not abdominal laxity. It could also be that, but really you just have a lot of stuff in there. Let's talk about the stuff in there. These next two factors. One is subcutaneous belly, side and back fat. If you have a ton of fat and your lower back under your skin, you have a ton of fat under your skin, on your sides and you have a ton of fat under your skin, on the front of your stomach, you're going to have a big belly. And it's not because anything inside your abdominal wall is big. It's just because you're really storing a lot of fat just in our teeth. And here's a huge reminder for you guys. Because this video is about what massively targets belly fat in a way that nothing else does. As sure as shit isn't crunches, you can do a million crunches and basically change just nothing. You cannot spot reduced fat as far as we can tell. Don't bother with it. And lastly, this is very, very important. Is visceral fat. Visceral fat is the fat that's located between your organs that are inside your abdominal wall. And if you are one of these folks that has actually quite ripped abs, but still have a bit of a pooch belly and you can't suck it in, there's a high probability you have a higher than average amount of visceral fat. This can give you a belly even if you have ripped abs. If you guys know like that old man lean, where the guy shredded, but as stomach is kind of poochy, sometimes that's because of how degrees of visceral fat. Here's the thing with visceral fat. It is hugely contributive to having a big belly. But it has way bigger problems than that. And say, what could be bigger problem than being aesthetically unappealing? Well, try these on for size. Having a high degree of visceral fat contributes to system-wide inflammation that really just degenerates your health and makes you age faster and almost every way we can measure. It contributes to much poor cholesterol and triglyceride values, which kills you faster and gives you heart disease more quickly. But don't worry, you're also getting some diabetes action in there because having higher visceral fat actually seems to positively contribute to higher increase of insulin resistance and eventually type two diabetes, which are real bad for gains and just about the rest of your life. And in fact, one of the reasons evolutionary psychologists suppose that smaller weights are attractive on people is they actually signal health. Look, if you have a really big waist, there's a chance you're very healthy, but that chance is lower. And so we're dealing with very low information environments in our evolved ancestry, which are brain evolved into try to figure out who's attractive, who am I going to try to ski into and who not. Then I said that too curt to say. I'm going to really what we're talking about. If they have a smaller waist, your brains like, they're probably healthier than average, focus on them. Now visceral fat is gnarly because the older you get just with age, the more visceral fat you accumulate. And so a smaller waist is also the hallmark of youth in a big way. And in fact, a small waist may in large part be attractive because it signals youth in addition to health. So that's the thing. And if looking younger and healthier as a thing you're into, having a big gut, that doesn't line up with either one of those. And I'm probably going to have to sell you on that. Could you probably click on this video, thinking about like, hey, idiot scientist guy, balding, stupid person with ugly face. Why don't you tell me about how to get rid of my belly fat? Like you promised, what I promised is an education with a shitty attempt at humor. It will absolutely get to the main points. Don't you worry because this thing isn't some bullshit. I'm telling you, this is a real thing. And it works really well. But we got to set up the stage and the stage gets worse before it gets better. Here's the big problem. You're saying, okay, look, I don't know what thing you're trying to sell us on. But weight loss in a healthy way, just normal calorie restriction should zap away my visceral fat. And that's true to a point, but there's a problem with that. Weight loss through diet and activity into even drugs like some aglytide, AKO's, M.P. GLP's, help burn loads of fat off your body for sure, especially if you train with weights in the high protein at the same time, it really does burn a lot of fat. But that diet and that activity and even some of those drugs tend to burn the majority of your fat on your way down from your subcutaneous compartment. The fat underneath your skin, not your visceral fat between your organs, the causes, all this health damage, and gives you a big, ugly disgusting terrible gut like I have. And every time you die down, you lose some visceral fat, but a lot of subcutaneous fat hears the screwed up thing. As you regain some weight, even as you go back to maintenance and you continue to age, the visceral fat bumps up a little bit again, maybe a lot of it, and the subcutaneous doesn't bump up as much. So over time, the result is that your visceral fat is still accumulating or kind of going nowhere, and your subcutaneous fat is either falling or neutral or accumulating if you're just getting super, super fat. That ratio of subcutaneous fat to visceral fat continues to get worse and worse and worse in the bad way over time. More visceral fat relative to subcutaneous fat, you want the other way around. The problem is diet and exercise don't target visceral fat as much as they do subcutaneous. And on the regain phase with aging, visceral fat tends to grow disproportionately more than subcutaneous fat. This literally sets you up for even if you're lean. Over time, you redistribute your fat less and less under your skin, more and more you're gut. And you gives you that old man lean or old woman lean look where yeah, you you have a six pack and veins and it may be even, but you have like a round perturbed protruding belly. Scott, does that remind you of liver king? Yeah. With his maybe real, maybe fake apps. You know people see fake apps. I don't see it. Scott, they move like real apps to me. Oh, I'm just stupid person. He doesn't know anything. Scott, you really? Scott, you're going to call me stupid. Your words. Your words, not mine, sir. Not wrong words. That's the thing. And so here's the thing. Yeah, man, we have a big problem because yeah, I know how to get rid of a big belly. It's like, yeah, dive the way off and you're not wrong, but over time, that problem reverses. And then the rest of you super lean and your belly is like kind of like, oh, every time it kind of stays a little bit more or less the same size. Bad news. Bad news for your aesthetics for sure. And really bad news for your health. So how do we combat this? Enter the solution. It's just one thing. It's the drug turns appetite. You guys. Yep. It took me like 15 minutes to get to that one. What the hell is Tras appetite and how does it work? It is a modern dual agonist. It's not just a GLP. It's a GLP GIP dual agonist. It is an agonist for two gut hormones, two in-cryptin hormones. And it reduces your hunger by a ton, which makes fat loss easier shit if you train with weights and you need high protein. Otherwise, you lose a bunch of muscle too. And to Rasepatide, boosts a ton of metabolic factors to improve your health radically. In almost all the ways that high levels of visceral fat make your health worse, systemic inflammation, heart disease risk, diabetes risk, Trasepatide takes them completely in the other direction and wow in a big way. How does Trasepatide do this? In a bunch of different mechanisms, we're actually still learning about but we know one for sure is that it targets visceral fat. It targets inside of your belly gut fat, like nothing else we have ever seen ever in compared to Ozempic, compared to controlling your calories, compared to cardio, there's no comparison. Every other drug in the world, Trasepatide is a rank one for this by a long shot. And this is an out speculation in multiple studies on all sorts of different people. Trasepatide has been shown to reduce visceral fat much more than similar weight loss with diet and cardio alone and even with Ozempic, which doesn't seem to target your visceral fat any more than diet and cardio do, it just takes more fat off your body in general. So the health benefits of Trasepatide are really difficult to overstate. Multiple uses of Trasepatide during fat loss phases and especially lower doses of it on maintenance phases or even slow mass gain phases if you're into that sort of thing can reduce visceral fat stores by huge margins over time because now ever time you lose fat, you lose way more visceral fat than you whatever have lost and you lose a lot of subcutaneous fat but your visceral fat takes a way bigger chunk and then when you're maintaining and especially if you're regaining on muscle gain phases and training really hard you gain subcutaneous fat just because you gain some fat every time you gain some muscle but your visceral fat doesn't really budge or you will gain visceral fat but like much less than you would ever expect. And your next fat loss phase you again lose a bunch of visceral fat. Your visceral fat is like smoking cigarettes in the back room like fellas who are loosening its tie and shit like what are they? We're doing real bad fourth quarter numbers are all those stock markets down really really bad news for your visceral fat incredible news for your health incredible news for your aesthetics huge margins with this drug and the longer you take it for weeks and weeks and months and months and probably years the more profound this effect shows itself because it's over time. Listen if you take your appetite for week and you look at your gut you look in the mirror you look at your gut you look in the mirror and you're going to change we're talking about them like grams of the shit you take turns up a tide regularly once a week with a doctor's prescription for a year or two you are going to see changes and if you resisted train properly using the RPI Pertraphayat if you diet properly using the RPI Kouch app I might add slightly in link in the description you guys and you are really taking care of your health in every other way and your resistance training super hard to make sure you conserve muscle and the employee of protein then you are going to see one interesting asthazic transformation and your health will be better in a humongous way humongous way. After a while you're going to be caring more of your fat your subcutaneous space under the skin and the way less in your gut that will shrink your gut substantially if you have a lot of visceral fat and if you don't have a lot of visceral fat why the fuck are you still watching this go be perfect somewhere else I don't want to hear about you they'll send me a pick to my my DM's or Scotts DM's Scotts DM's are always up Scotts what's your Instagram at I'm not even sure wow I'm a real dedication so I'm eating something else what's your baby what's your at you're like I don't know what an at is my name's god god something or other yeah great you after a few years of take of a stop a few months even will very likely have an objectively better appearance way better health and you will look younger and have the Metabolic profile of a younger person this is a big deal. Trasapatide is legitimately to some real serious extent a partial age reversal drug it really is and here's the best news about Trasapatide it's already here it's not experimental it's already here it's available by prescription and you can get it through insurance companies for like a zillion dollars or you can go to compounding pharmacies which your doctor can probably connect you with for much less money and there's a big competition with weight loss drugs so expect these drugs to become more more cheap over time if you want to use it it's already out there I highly recommend you discuss this with your doctor and if your doctor's really against it a highly recommend you talk to different doctor. The future of waste size reduction is a very very exciting because we have multiple options on that horizon one easy one is retired if you go to PubMed and you type in unleashing the power over a tax retired you literally hit an article that's titled exactly that which is probably the sweetest name I've ever heard for an article um Scott is that what your uh your tender profile used to look like unleashing the power of Scott the video guy they click on it they're like yeah oh yes my my watch out all three and a half inches but then but just you wait he could get hard maybe 50 50 yeah roll the dice you like the casino you love Scott here's the thing about retired retired it already has the fundamental components of trisapotite in it it has a GLP agonist just like those epic it has a GIP agonist so no our integer's appetite and it also has a glue cagan agonist which actually this is really trippy it boosts your metabolic rate it raises your resting metabolic rate without stimulant like effects your body heat just goes up a little bit you feel pretty normal and you don't lose any energy you don't gain any energy just feel kind of normal and it burns fat like crazy retired retired is blowing away almost every other drug and weight loss trials someday soon I'll tell you about drugs that are just starting to test now which are even next level next level they'll be out in a long long time but a retired retired is just like nuts it is demonstrating more weight loss even then turns appetite in similar doses but in like two thirds of the time so if you take it longer you can lose even more weight and it burns off so much intrabdominal fats so much visceral fat and especially so much liver fat which really is bad for your health and also makes your gut look bigger that in one study every subject going into the study had non alcoholic fatty liver disease like they just had fatty liver which is a really bad health diagnosis 85% of the subjects completely eliminated their diagnosis after this study which is lasted like some number of months like mind blowing there is no comparable treatment to fatty liver like this it does not exist this is a category level above everything we've ever seen it is in the final phases of approval in the FDA pipeline it is likely to get approved so around 2027 or so you can expect that this thing is going to come out it's going to have some kind of cool brand red power or true tide it's like a guide a surfboard pointing at your body fat while he's writing a giant wave into your mouth no won't be oral it's injectable in any case retired retired is just the beginning because there are like 10 drugs right now in testing which have results I'm not going to spoil because that'll be another video you do a deep dive later on in this channel history hopefully but like crazy shit is happening drugs are being made now they're truly transformative in a way that we have never had and their side effects are generally just you get way more healthy that's crazy guys this is a new generation new generation you do have surgery options advanced cosmetic surgeries are to here but advanced cosmetic surgeries getting better all the time what are the options for surgery you can get visceral fat liposuction that's when they go in and they rip open your abdominal wall and the lipo at the fat between your organs because they have to fuss with your organs it's really risky I do not recommend the surgery chat GPT does not recommend the surgery and it's going to be safe in the future it'll probably regular thing but like I just wouldn't do it now however they can do abdominal wall tightening because if you happen to have a big gut like your boy because your abdominal wall is just lacks because genetics through your two mental fingers at the same time and even spat on you Jesus genetics you know stay calm um you can get your abdominal wall tightened it's one hell of a procedure it's really intense you can even build they can even do a mesh like a plastic mesh corset around which I'll very likely be getting here and like two years or so that surgery and it'll be cheaper and safer in the future right now it's a big dig there a few doctors in the country to do it really well it's tens and tens of thousands of dollars and months and months of recovery time but we'll absolutely transform how you look if you're already in very good shape if you're not and it's just gonna be like oh like you have a smaller waist and tons of fat and skin over it the skin can be addressed so you can do 360 to relightbow where they lightbow all the way around your waist it's around today it's really expensive it's not ultra ultra super super safe it's safe but nothing crazy it's going to be getting better and safer in the future there's going to be skin tightening connective tissue tightening the whole thing in the future through pharmacology you see you'll be able to take substances probably in about five years that tighten all of your body skin or rub creams on various parts of yourself which they already sell now basically don't do anything these creams in the future will have actual substances in there that are probably AI design drugs that work really well and then it'll be able to if you lose a bunch of fat just have loose skin there like I got to him at like I didn't try to look like this I tried to look all super tight and sexy and yeah yeah TV viewer and if you rub these creams on it'll contract your skin because skin you can't get rid of you just have to either cut it out or have some kind of advance far we're going to have that advance farma we're going to have advanced surgery but for now at the very least if you haven't considered taking turns up a tide talk to your doctor about it because it seems to be like a really really awesome drug that really really works and makes you healthier and remember evolution does not design you to be healthy it's just designed you to be long enough to ski it into somebody so that your kids get a father for long enough until they're independent and then you're good to go or a mother in your case then the skiing works in reverse any case there are no philosophical or scientific objections to drugs making you better than you were without them in the past drugs typically had massive downsides and side effects because we just didn't know a lot about the body and we were shooting into thin air now we're getting better and now the scales are tipping into some drugs are net benefit and they're going to tip all the way to people who don't take drugs are going to be like I just want to live your life like in shitty shape and whatever are good shape but suffering for 10 hours a day to do it cool drugs are coming advanced surgery is coming I say embrace it there will be a time maybe in the next 15 years we're almost all of us if not all of us look exactly like we want I call this the aesthetic revolution I think it's underway give this some thoughts send this video to your friends send it to your grandma translated to chinese posted on chinese youtube take my swearing and dick jokes out and have fun explaining to people why I'm talking at all it's always fun for me see you guys next time