Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Creation. Today's video is the five rules of bicep training, helpful tips to get you the biggest bicep that you can get. They're not hard rules, but give them a try and they'll probably work. Rule number one is to try the free motion bicep curl and or the inclined dumbbell curl. In the way you do the free motion handle, you walk away in front of the machine. So at the bottom your biceps are pre-stretched out like crazy and then you curl from a very stretched position. And of course, this is the same position and up taking on an inclined dumbbell curl where you put the inclined 45 degrees or 60 degrees or so. And at the bottom you're going to have an unreal stretch your biceps attach across your shoulder as well as your elbow. So if you push this upper arm back before you start, it really stretches them out. There's been good deal of research and plenty of theory showing that you get more muscle growth when you stretch the muscle under load versus if you just load without a stretch, these two exercises and there's a few more you could try the stretch of the muscle are really awesome. Up until I tried them, I didn't think there was a great bicep exercise for me, just some good ones and mostly mac and okay ones that I didn't love too much. Now I have go to exercises that are red and butter, gonna mess me up every single time. Rule number two on the front of messing up. A lot of people can even do good technique with curls, but way too many people drop the bar really quick because the eccentric slow control in the way down is two things. Painful and reduces how many reps you could do or how much weight you can do. So that girl who's always looking at you in the gym who you think is maybe single, maybe interested maybe satanic and gonna kill you. She is just not looking as hard anymore because you used to use the 25s but now you're down to tens and change because you're trying to control these centric. But picking up Satanist tricks at the gym aside, it's just better for muscle growth. So when you have the incline dumbbells, you bring up the dumbbells, don't just throw your thrash them back down, bring it up as half the battle, maybe not even half because that's the easy part. The hard part is to take two or three seconds slowly control all the way down at the bottom and then bring back up again. That is critical. Rule number three, especially on dumbbells. You want your pinkies to end up towards the sky. As you curl, I don't mean you have to rotate, but as you curl, think pinkies up. The biceps have two functions. One is for our inflection, and one is supination. Moving a wrist like this. And pinkies up is the supinator cue. It can help you really get in tune with hitting your biceps versus all the other foreign flexors that can do the job instead. Rule number four is to experiment with different rep ranges. There is a huge variation in responses. Some people would do sets of eight in the bicep curls and I don't know, they just hurts my elbows and I don't feel anything. Some people would do sets of eight and say, there is a tension in my biceps. I cannot explain. And if I do higher rep sets of 15 and 20, I just feel tired. How you know which rep range is the right for you and there could be lots of ren answers is, if in the heavy rep range, you feel a ton of tension in the bicep itself. In the lighter rep ranges, you get crazy, crazy burns. If you have a psychotic burn right in the middle of the bicep, you're not doing anything wrong. Whereas if you're doing high reps and it just feels tired, maybe higher reps are not for you in that particular exercise. All of the exercises that you should be doing are the loading ranges should be giving you a gnarly pump. People who respond really well to sets of eight in the bicep. Do if you set of eight and they're like, holy crap, my arms busting through. People who love high reps get a huge pump off of that and so on and so for some pay attention to your body signs, stimulus and fatigue. So if a certain rep range just makes you feel tired and it hurts your elbows where another one makes you feel great and hurts seemingly nothing, make sure you go towards the one with a higher stimulus to fatigue ratio rather than low. Don't just do plug and play into everything sets of 10. Try different rep ranges with different exercise, see what goes best. Another thing to look for is depending on the rep range and how you position and which exercises you're doing. You might get a lot of tension and burn in the forums versus your bicep. If you're trying to look like pop-eye, hey, rock and forums work just great. But if you really want bigger biceps, then what you want to do is pick the rep ranges and the exercises and the techniques that make the maximum out of tension and burn hit your biceps rather than your forums. That's really huge. Lastly, rule number five. If you really are serious about growth and really kind of nothing has worked, try my rep matching that means let's see you get some dumbbell curls and you do a set of 20 real close to failure. I don't want to go through the desk here but for an engine motion, dammit don't just copy me here doing these fake curls. A set of 20 close to failure you put the dumbbells down. Then for the next several sex, let's see have three total plan. That's two more sex. What you're going to do is hit 20 reps, but you're going to be too tired to hit it all in one set each time. So when you get to about 15 and nearly crap out with the dumbbells down for a few seconds, rest a little bit shake out the burn, do another five. So that's 20 of the first one and a straight set. The second is 20 and a two mile reps set, one mile rep break. In the third one, you may get to 12 and then do another four and then do another four after a little bit of rest and then get to 20. That first set, you match and match and match with as many mile reps sets as it takes to match up to that first one. It piles the volume on like crazy and it allows you to take three sets of a bicep workout and get like, gee, three, four, five, seven approaches to failure. Maybe eight. Wow, we know that approaching failure in the last few reps of four and have a mild, be higher effect on muscle growth than just the reps that are easy at the beginning of the set. If you do the my rep matching for biceps, which are often really fatigue resistant, they need a ton of stimulus to grow. If you try to do that with the straight sets, we've got eight straight sets, eight sets of 10 and biceps, I'd rather shoot myself around around the gym. Colour me bored and hurt, but my rep match sets just take a couple seconds break between and go go, holy crap, that can be hugely effective. Don't just do five of these and have your arms fall off, try two of them at first and if it feels great, maybe add three, four, five, et cetera, however many need to get a great stimulus. You're going to cover from next time, come back with bigger arms and as soon as you have big arms, you just say one thing. Satanist chicks, your king has arrived.