Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization, and it turns out that calories in calories out is a myth. This is not how the world works, man. It turns out that hormones and keto and magic. Wait wait, no, no. Kiko's not a myth and the idea that it's a myth is BSL safe swearing for the end of this. So the idea that calories in calories out is a myth is promulgated and propagated by various folks in the fitness industry. And it turns out that it's not a myth. So let's get into the realities. First, calories in calories out is essentially covered in the mass energy conservation principle, aka the first law of thermodynamics. And that first law of thermodynamics to my virgin eyes, perusing the literature, has yet to be broken ever in any system, definitely in a biological system and in all studied systems so far. It just seems to be never ever broke. But a lot of people say what it doesn't apply in biological systems and they're wrong. But how did we get this wrong? It turns out it's pretty tempting to get this wrong because of a couple of, oh, elucary things that can occur. Here are a few of them. First, when people say look, I know Kiko is real, calories in calories out, Kiko. Kiko, it's like guy co except no gecko or you eat the gecko. He's so nice and British and all of a sudden there's a pole through his body and you're rotating him and don't worry, he's already dead, but he's just like just sizzling. He probably tastes pretty good. Any case. People say look, I know Kiko is real, but I like eight, a crap ton of calories for months. I didn't gain weight in another time. I almost nothing in a game weight. And it turns out that people are just really bad on average, tons of exceptions, of course, and you're one of them. Of accounting for diet and activity and they're just really bad at tracking. So they'll think they eat something when reality they forgot it was this much versus that much. They miss measured. They say they did 30 minutes of cardio, but they reduced their daily walking and they didn't even measure that. So because they mistreated it, they say, hey, look, you know, typical thing I'll see on social media is someone will be like, look, I've been in a surplus, but I'm not gaining. How do you know you're a surplus? A assumption, assumption, assumption, incorrect three assumptions, they're not a really a surplus. So that's definitely a thing that happens. Next, people assume a stable metabolic rate when that rate can actually change. For example, if you are low on thyroid hormones, they can look like calories in calories out. Doesn't work. Except the calories out part is way down because your thyroid stopped working. And when you get on thyroid medication, all of a sudden, calories out works again. It was never the calories in calories out. It was the problem. It was the fact that your hormonal systems were no longer pushing up that calories out part of the equation. Water rate, another culprit. Water weight is hue mungus in this case because people will assume that their body weight and tissue is the same thing that their reflexive proxy variables are each other. So what they'll say is, we know, I ate the, this many calories and I just didn't lose weight. All right, but is that because you're storing more body water over time? Because you're eating more salty foods, you're drinking more fluids, time of the month who knows. Or is it because you're just not burning any more tissue? Because it's probably not the burning tissue stuff. When I've had clients in the past, fixed their body water issues, usually by starting to track their fluid and sodium and realizing holy crap, I've just been increasing this for a while. Because I'm so hungry that I just drink a bunch of diet drinks because the sugar rate I want more and I'm eating a bunch of salt because it tastes good and then it turns out I was getting body water this whole time and as soon as that flushed out, hey, at lost five pounds over the past five weeks, just like thermodynamics would have expected. Another thing is assuming a stability in digestion where there's definitely some flux going on. Some foods are harder or easier to digest and there's not a one-to-one pairing of things that go into the mouth and things that end up getting and analyzed into your tissues. And I watched this, this was so painful. My wife and I listened to this podcast. It was like a major news outlet, has like a podcast where a reporter goes out and records herself in the field and like this reporter sounded like the most valley girl vocal fry she was like, and then we went to the like a market. I was like that, damn, get to the point. In any case, she did this thing where she talked to some scientists and they're like, well, you know, like when you eat almonds, some of them made digested a much less and you poop a lot of them out versus fat if presented as an oiler or butter, so when you read the labels in its off and that's why calories and calories out is inaccurate or it doesn't work. And it's like, you know, that's a calorie label problem in a food processing problem. Those calories that didn't mean into your mouth, it means into your system. Most of what you eat in your mouth ends up in the system, a huge fraction of it, but with some foods, it's a little less and more than you would expect. So it turns out that I don't know if anyone that had trouble losing weight because they were eating nuts into no matter something, but on the margins, their R-Lity is a little idiosyncrasies you can point out, they do not refute Kiko, they just say that all calories in means calories in processed by the system, and if you're pooping them out, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out, like, well, yeah, except for the stuff you poop out. So theoretically there's no problem with calories and calories out. And a lot of people will miss construe body composition changes for the first law of thermodynamics violations. Let's say we'll look, your saying calories in calories out works. Explain this. I need a super keto diet tons of veggies and these meats. I start 200 pounds, and I ended at 200 pounds, except it was shredded in more jacked. Like, I got you. Did you start TRT? We all the other. I did. Did you start lifting weights six times a week, man? RPI purge her fiat, like, oh my man, a satisfy customer. Thanks so much, there. You built a bunch of muscle and burnt a bunch of fat. Your mass is still the same because you were eating at maintenance. And I go, yeah, all right. So I guess Kiko really is real, bringing in baby. We hugged it out and then I'll be in like you know when you pull the way from a hug and both you catch ice for a sec and you had the same like, Why we shouldn't kiss? I'm gonna be crazy. I'm gonna be crazy if we just made out right now. You would be crazy if we held each other just for a little second longer than society wants us to, you know? I mean, not why would we do that. So him and I end that little dynamic and it was a good man. Jesus, it was so good. Scott, you remember Frank? They don't call him Scott the video guy for nothing. He was in the video industry a long time. Exercise videos. They've got to press Scott the video guy. He's seen a lot through that lens. In any case, the TLDR of all this is people get the calories inside wrong with bad assumptions. They get the state transformations in the body wrong, muscle, and fat and vice versa and they get the out wrong because they misestimate their activity in thermogenesis and hormonal burning. Kico is as real as it gets. But in the real world of assumption and measurement, sometimes you gotta be patient to see it working out and you have to make sure that your assumptions are what they are. Be patient, plug in the right calories. If after a few weeks you don't see the changes, don't think Kico doesn't work. Just lower or raise your calories to what you think they should be to make your weight go up or down and you've got a winning formula. Hey, before I leave, when you have an opportunity to come in for that second hug and make the grand gesture do it, you can only love truly once in your life. Am I supposed to say something at the end of this video? Oh yeah. Oh yes, Scott, the video guy. Subscribe if you're want to be in our members channel because we got tons of great videos, team full rom for them. That's the thing. And the R.P. high-perature fiat. It's coming. Unless it's already here, Scott, when are we releasing this video? The app will be out. I hope you're enjoying the app. Oh, that's what I was going to say. Bullshit. Lying. See you later.