Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pursation. In today's video, it was about the epic timeless battle of clean-bulking versus dirty-bulking. Oh my god, it's bros versus also bros. Pros versus the in-cells that say, pros are on a ton of drugs and clean-bulking doesn't work? Cup and scum and scum and scum and reddit. What a great time. You will see that the title of the slide is Christina Aguilera. Why? Dirty, it's about back my dirty, it's making me speak my dirty. And I'm at the first of all, that song is Bucket Sweet. Second of all, the dates me like shit because it came out 40-fucking years ago. Third of all, Todd damn Christina Aguilera are a conversable sing, Point 3 sub A and 3 sub E. Why? Because hell girl was up. You don't say, and I'm not famous like you. And I'm also married. But that doesn't mean we can't fantasize. And the fantasy song is one of your shits girl, because you can fucking sing. In any case, what? Clean versus dirty-bulking. Here we go. We have a lot of people who debate this on the internet. So with many things, never really get their definition sort of, and they just talk across currents. So, first definition is junk food. In my view, junk food is food that is often, though not always, very often, high in a few ingredients. Salt, sugar, saturated fat. And it's often, though not always, highly processed. And as always, everywhere, highly palatable, which means it's delicious, and you just can't stop eating it, you want to eat more. No one's ever described something as junk food that tastes like shit. Unless you're like, go to Japan at some expensive restaurant. You're like, okay, it's totally Japanese junk. Like, it's a weird take of Japanese people on junk. It's awful, but it's good, because it's like bad. Shut up, hipster, as you ruined food. In any case, that's junk food. That's junk food. That's junk food. Healthy food is food generally composed of lean meats, veggies, fruits, grains, most often, whole grains, but not always. And healthy fats, fats that are high in poly and monounsaturated sources, like olive oil, can olive oil, yes, canola oil, get in the fucking comments. Or, before you do, just pop med the shit, so you can fuse yourself further. And not, not about our stuff like that. The good stuff. And there's not really much controversy between what is generally healthy food, and generally a junk food. There is some context, there are some nuance, but not a ton. You don't take a tub of fucking Oreo ice cream out of the fridge, or just junk food, or isn't all food good food? You can take that shit to the comments if you like, but try to make some sense of the world all categories, or almost all, are fuzzy sets, and are slightly overlapping. So it's okay that some foods are difficult to identify as junk or as whole food, but, or I was sorry, healthy food, but she was, it's a pretty delineated two set system. Now, a clean bulk, to get really to the definitions we want to understand, a clean bulk can be defined for our purposes as a mass gaining muscle gaining phase of intentional weight gain over some months of time, in which you essentially eat zero junk food. It's all healthy food. A dirty bulk is defined as a same intentional gaining over several months of time, a hypercoloric diet, that meets the protein recommendation, so a gram per pound on average per person, and then the carbs and fat sources to meet your calorie goal come from question mark. Because dirty bulk doesn't mean you can't have, we're a whole grain pasta with peanut sauce and lean chicken, like that actually is healthy, that doesn't mean you can't have it, but if you take that meal and you pop a piece of fucking cheesecake in there, you didn't like the fucking pathetic disgusting animal that you are, your boy, then that's a dirty bulk, right? You can even take the cheesecake out and paint yourself some lipstick with cheesecake, and the waitress walks by and you're like, look at me, and she's like, you're never coming back here. The police beat you in the restaurant and you hadn't coming. That's a dirty bulk. So clean bulk versus dirty bulk. Now we haven't understanding. Basically clean bulk, no junk food, dirty bulk, dirty bulk, junk food optional, but it's called a dirty bulk for a reason, right? You don't go to Las Vegas and be like, we would have a crazy night and just go to the casino and just like do slots for an hour, be like the sucks I'm losing money and go to your hotel and watch the hotel TV channels. That's how my wife and I do Vegas, but if you're saying we're having a crazy party in Vegas, you would at least try to do some crazy shit. You might not die. You might not kill a stripper and have to bear it or exactly 8.2 miles north and west of the strip. But you know, I'm saying you might go to strip club throw up on a stripper and get beat up by the mountains, a typical Vegas kind of stuff. Something fun has to happen. So when people take dirty bulk, then music and at least have a cookie or two. And most of the time, dirty bulk means like, you kind of, you do a lot of that shit. And often it means more than one day, starting more than one meal per day is junk food or at least has lots of junk food in it. All right, two actual comparison. What advantages hypothetically, theoretically and practically does a clean bulk have over a dirty bulk? First, clean bulking is healthier. Yes, the composition of the food that you eat does determine some fraction of your probabilistic health going forward. It's not a huge effect, but it is a notable effect. It has been measured in studies. It's something like, oh, 20% of your total health, which means 80% has didly dick to do with the kind of food that you're eating and really more just amounts and timing and all that other stuff. But food quality does matter. So if you're gaining especially gaining, because you're interdaining your body with excess nutrients, which it doesn't like to begin with a health perspective, if you're gaining on clean foods, quote unquote, clean bulk, healthier foods, that it is actually notably healthier for you than dirty bulk. Absolutely, a little reflected in your blood work by a small margin and in your, your, your, your, after a scorer potential and all those other things. Next. If you have trouble not ballooning up to being a gigantic fat fuck on your bulking phases, which I've done on purpose numerous times in my life, and I still regret it. Then, if you do a clean bulk, the fact that clean foods, healthy foods are just not as palatable. They're not as easy to eat and get a ton of calories from. As junk foods, the fact that that is a thing means that your probability of going off the rails and gaining like five extra pounds of fat over the course of the thing, because you just can't stop eating. And you end up you're shooting for 3500 calories as you're surplus, which end up hitting a bunch of days with 38, 40000. This is a fuck, can stop eating pizza. That's not a thing you didn't want to try. So if you're in that situation. And you end up over doing daily calories with super tasty foods, the probability that you can overdo calories with clean food, his piece is Christ that's much much lower. A lot of times bodybuilders who think that clean bulking is the only way to go will have a huge problem, even trying to gain weight, because it's so hard to eat a ton of healthy food. If you have trouble with gaining weight too quickly and getting too fat, clean bulking is a huge, huge weapon in your arsenal, because if you switch to clean bulking or as we'll talk about later clean or bulking, yeah, like it's very unlikely you're going to be able to overeat like crazy, still possible, but much less likely. Number three advantage of clean bulks versus dirty bulks. This is only I've experienced personally. When you're eating healthier food, your gym performance is better. The lung food is fun to eat and it keeps your gym performance still very high, but I've noticed a significant notable. That's why I noticed it. A amount of performance difference, your cardio is better, your recovery is better, just by small margin if you eat mostly healthy food. Now health notes will be like as soon as I've started eating healthy, I like changed my life, like the next meal, I felt like so better, like just lighter and freer and like I carmic energy with a line, it's shut up. Betty, the fuck up outta here, you made all that shit up in your head. But over days and over weeks, more healthy food versus more junk food, you can feel it and your performance is optimized by a small, notom margin with healthy foods. If you're really serious about massing, if you're really serious about muscle gain, if you're serious about a bodybuilding career, which almost all pro bodybuilders are, which is almost all of them, try to clean bulk as much as possible. It absolutely isn't a fact that you have to watch out for. You eat like 12 boxes of fucking hoes yesterday, you show up to squat high reps today, you may be like, bro, I have a headache and I'm gonna throw up, I have no idea why, like, well, let's examine the evidence. You're a fucking idiot and you shouldn't have eaten 12 fucking packs of hoes, that's right, packs of hoes, not individual hoes. Next, and I think last for the purposes of stuff I could think of, I've had when writing this presentation, advantage of clean bulking, is that it builds better habits for your fat loss phase later. When you do clean bulking, you're eating healthy food all the time. When you switch to fat loss phase, you just take a bit of carbon fat out of each meal, same diet, fat loss phase. If you're doing a dirty bulk, and you're like, yeah, man, mostly my meals are way protein or Oreos, and you have to start doing a fat loss diet where you typically try to eat healthier food, because trying to lose fat on a bunch of Oreos is tough, because producing your calories and ultra-tasty food, is a great way to be miserable and starve. You might just be like, oh fuck, I have to eat chicken and rice, and then like, how to cook it, how to meal prep it, just the habit of the revulsion, you don't have to it for a while. Fuck, man, it's really tough, and all of a sudden you're like more likely to fall off the wagon, or just have a harder time with fat loss phase. But with body builders that are high level that mostly do clean bulking, and of course clean cutting, for them the transition from bulking or cutting, they'll literally post in their Instagram, so like coach pulled back the food today, which starts our prep, and you're like pulled back the food to fuck is that in the curtain you look through, and that fucking thing mean. They're eating the same healthy foods all the time, coach just reduces the food, keeps the protein high, reduces carbs and fats by a bit, and then voila, bulk turns to cut. It's a seamless transition if you don't want that whole transitional bumpy road situation. All right, those are the advantages for clean bulking versus dirty bulking, and that's the end of the video. That's it, go clean bulk. I'm kidding, of course. Dirty bulk has advantages over clean bulking. Some of these will be kind of obvious, the rest will be kind of also obvious. First, it's just more fun, at least at first, how is it more fun? If you have a protein shake and a container of Oreos that you have to eat, and then you do that, and then later you hang out with a friend, and their dad comes downstairs, and he's like, oh, you're the bodybuilder, you're like, do you? He's like, man, I just really respect your dedication. You're like, it's tough to do what I do. Lots of willpower. He's like, you eat in like chicken breast and rice, every day every meal, and you're like, uh, yep. Ugh, shirem. And then your friends are like, pizza's here, and you're like, oh, that one's mine. And the dance is like, you eat pizza, and you're like, my life is easy, it's so fun. This is bodybuilding. I just eat pizza and drink protein shakes. So it's way more fun. I set at first for a reason. Junk food gets fucking old. If you eat it even for a few days straight, I don't guarantee you. Somebody in the comments is going to be like, I've been in Junk food for 47 years straight, and I feel great, and then we check up on that comment a week later, and I like this user has deceased. I wish you two would update about that when that be fucked up. Uh, it's not a sustainable practice for most people. Most people just after a while, you guys know what I'm feeling? I'm reaching here, but you know what I'm feeling? Have eaten junk for a few days, like on a road trip or something, and you're like, I need a vegetable. And something fucking colored green that has fiber that it can feel in my throat scratching the throat, so that when it goes down it scratches the gunk out of my fucking intestines, you know, you need enough candy bars, and you're like, oh, I just feel unclean. Like in a moral religious way, you know, it's so awful. You like it. You feel like you get oilier, and the junk food just doesn't taste as good after a while. It's like having mindless sex with tons of super hot girls after a while. It's all the same. I think that's like a dandel's area in revelation or whatever. In any case, that last part's for sure not true, but junk food can get oil. We'll talk about it a little bit, so I don't want to put too fine at point on its fun way more fun, but at least at first, when do people plan dirty bucks? It's at the end of cuts. Good, oh, I'm going to muck a dandel's cut. Oh, good. They make a fucking list like, where are you going? KFC, okay? They're going to retake about. Okay, so KFC Thursday, talk about Friday like in a different stand. We pick up the KFC. We pull around, and if the combination KFC talk about, we order talk about, in addition to that, and then we go home and we just shower in the fucking shit. Amazing. When you're on a fat loss phase towards the end, such fantasies can be quite appealing. And the first few days of that is like fucking bliss. But later, you will find that the junk food is not as fun. I'll get to why that matters in a bit. Next benefit. There is a near zero chance you won't gain weight. An interesting comment in our YouTube channel. We're talking about like, how to eat more from assing. If people can't gain weight, and a lot of it in the context of if you still keep your food healthy, how do you do it? There's a bunch of different really good strategies making the food tasteier, eating is a higher calorie density foods, timing your foods better. And one guy was like, I don't understand how you could possibly not gain weight. Just eat a bunch of junk food and you'll gain weight. And he's not wrong. Obviously, not ideal for body, but link is of all the health stuff and shit like that. But if you're having trouble gaining weight, the undefeated weight gain tool is the Snickers bar. And if you really have trouble gaining weight, you just go watch a few episodes of the show my 600 pound life. You get the fucking hack for how to get huge. Not the kind of huge you want, but if you meet your protein amounts and your calories are set and you don't go over them, you can actually gain all the weight you need in tons of muscle with a two. Again, not the healthiest way, but even if you just pepper in a bit of junk, you can junk your way up to immense calories. How many of you is a matter of fact? Why don't we do a poll in the comments below? Don't let's just keep the shit truthful. You feel me? We don't know if you're lying. We can be skeptical. God knows. You know, so don't lie. What's the most, what's the highest number of individual order items you've ever purchased at a Taco Bell and successfully eaten? A pup, a pup within one meal cycle, two hours. All right, so you go watch a movie with friends. You go to Taco Bell. How many items did you get that you actually ate within that next few hours? My, my peers probably like ten, you know, but I like that. The beef and potato burrito, the cheesy cheese, gourmet dita crunch supreme. I'll the shit the fucking names are the same. If shit is all the same ingredients, I love it. Let me know. But in any case, there's like everyone can eat at least five things that Taco Bell and then itself has to be like 1500 calories. And you can do that a couple times a week. That's an extra so many fucking calories, cookies and chips and whole milk and fuck. Like if you junk it up, there's no way because people people will complain. Like I'm ultra lean, I'm really active and I can't gain weight. After we've sort of thrown all the darts at the board, none of them stuck. I had to try some junk and they're like, well, like what? Like, by the fuck are like anything that you like to eat? No problem almost everyone can gain. That's a big benefit for those of you struggling to gain. You want to use it judiciously, which we'll talk about in a sec. But nonetheless, it's big ups, right? What people will clean bulk and they think that's the only way to bulk. And they'll be like, I can't get above one 79 man. My body just doesn't want to do it. And it's like a fucking sticker's borrow a push a bitch ass right above one 79. No fucking problem. Arguably, much further above if you keep doing that. Next, the dirty bulk is a great break from the monotony of a fat loss, super healthy food diet. I mean, imagine you transition from fat loss diet to a bulking diet. And then three weeks into the bulking diet, you just look at chicken and rice and you're like, I'm out. How am I to the fucking sport? Cancel me. Fuck that. You burn your posing trunks. You're fucking done. It can be tough. But if it's a Friday night, your friends are going out for all you can eat sushi. And it makes body building a little bit easier. No way, I said that wrong. A lot easier and way more fun and way less monotnas. Because when you can eat some junk and eat some BS, dude, it's just it's a big deal. And it's not to be understated. Lastly, if you dirty bulk, quote unquote, and especially in some context, we'll talk about it in just a bit. I keep saying, just a bit. Let's must be a great thing coming up. You can actually read it on the slide if you pause the video. That's what I'm saying next. It's easier to stick to a dirty bulk when you're at school at work on the road, visiting grandma's house for Thanksgiving. Like, grandma's like, don't you love my mashed potatoes? You're like, good grandma, but mac was so no, I won't eat them because my buy steps. Grandma's the born in the fucking great depression. She's saying I understand every saying shit. The fuckers are all being the motherfucker. I made them shifts with love. You don't love me? And you're like, granted, you just say motherfucker's like, hell yeah, pig. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but the fuckers grandma from New Orleans. In any case, it's so easy to just eat some of the fucking protein at grandma's house. The grandma still makes you make the fried chicken or whatever for the holidays, big old turkey leg, shit. You can even bring a fucking protein shake with you, but then all the goodies, she needs the cakes and the fucking puttings and this and that. Every family occasion, every special dinner. If you're dirty, bulky people really came in, we're gonna go out to eat it like fucking out back or whatever, like, can you go? You're like, how's so fucking moving? I can go, where's if you were like clean bulk only? You be the cow. You know, yeah, I'll just sit this one out, I'm just gonna sit at home and eat my fucking rice and chicken and cry tears of sadness because I fucking died in myself out of having any friends. Way easier to stick to shit, that's a huge green check mark into the column of dirty bulking. So, where's this all going? Who wins? Which, you know, I'm saying, Red team versus blue team who wins? Who wins? What's better? And to ask the question of what's better, clean bulking versus dirty bulking is a matter of fact, but lying our thumbnail entirely is the illustration of a logical fallacy called the false dichotomy fallacy. It is the idea that there are only two choices and you either pick one or the other, right? People ask me like, hey, do you find men or women attractive? I'm like, yes. And no, but I've very few people I find not attractive. I only see one of those and it's in the mirror. Isn't that sad? It's got to be the other guy. What do you think I could do to find myself more attractive? You gotta do it to buffer those little things. Talk my genitals between my thighs. Yeah. Bring your eye on it. Put some nice music on it or you're just like, really feel nice about you. You sure felt his swagged and a bit too much. The problem with that is my quads and my current state are so big. I can barely do that because my testicles become crushed. I just found myself attractive again. Thanks, God's video, guys. That was easy. There is no avoiding hard training if you want to grow. But if you want to grow the most, your training needs to be hard and smart. RP Hiperchography app will make sure you're progressing on track, monitoring, and adjusting your workout at all times. So for all that work you're doing, you can be sure you're getting the best results. All right, false dichotomy. It turns out it's not one or the other. It's not clean versus dirty, but rather how clean versus how dirty because remember, every meal can be analyzed on clean versus dirty, even fractionally, if you have a meal which has whole grain pasta, great super healthy peanut sauce, chicken, a bunch of veggies, and you have like an ice cream cone and that's part of the meal. You don't put the ice cream cone in the shed, just with that meal afterwards. Was that a clean meal? Was that a dirty meal? Well, really, it was a bit of both. So my recommendation to you is not to be dogmatic and say clean only or dirty only, it's to do actually the following. First, after a fat loss face is ended and your bulking face has begun, your muscle growth phase, you probably want for the first two or three weeks to eat exclusively healthy food. Why? Because junk food at that point tastes so fucking good, you are gonna go off the fucking rails and eat way too much of it. It's just painful. You need to re-establish proper hunger signaling after a fat loss diet, bring down that diet fatigue. So for two or three weeks after, I would say 100% clean eating. After that, two to three weeks later, whenever you're feeling like mad, I'm getting really tired of fucking clean food. I'm sure shit not hungry anymore, because this is a lot of clean food. You can put in your schedule or an allotment for one to three cheat meals per week. I like one on Friday, two on Saturday or one each day for the weekend, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. That's right, Friday's part of my weekend, VIP lifestyle. So if you do that, it's dealers choice, the cheat meals we have a cheat meal guide as well, hopefully you can find on YouTube. And that means that your fundamental core is clean, bulking, but on top of a few times a week, you've sprinkled in some dirt, so to speak. And it kinda ticks all the boxes. It's still super healthy, but you don't have trouble gaining weight. It's still very good for performance, but it's not overly monotonous. And you can titrate that amount. If you're like, wow, I really shouldn't be going crazy, just one cheat meal of something not too crazy, couple ice cream cones and a protein shake. And if you're really quite lean and you're gaining weight too slowly and your monotony is just through the roof, then yeah, you can have three cheat meals a week, no problem. And if you're gaining too fast, you can ease up on the cheat meals. And if you're having some snacks, and nuts here, some chocolate covered nuts there, it's all nuts that go into this mouth. Oh, yeah, I meant that. And you know, you just, if you're gaining a little too fast, ease up on the snack. If you're gaining a little too slow, and feel free to include more snacks, if you're kind of done eating as much clean food as you can, as you can, as you can, as you can, as you can, as you can, as you can, as you can, at a certain point, you're like fuck that. I'm not staring at another grain of brown rice, ever fucking again. If on the extreme end, you are lean, your doctor confirmed healthy with blood work, and you are gaining too slowly, and you just can't eat enough. Make sure you stick to a core, 75% of your food or so are of your meals, not food by calories. Still healthy, still clean, still no junk, and then just cheat it up a little bit more, even quite a bit, with no worries at all. Because remember, it's not clean bulk for a sturdy bulk. It's how clean and how dirty. Right now, I just wanna get you guys clue you didn't know what's going on in my head. I always have like a stack of analogies in my brain that I can make, and I kind of select out of it, and they randomly assort, right? No, neural network part of your brain that's throughout our candidate thoughts. Then all of my stack is insane references to mixing sex with physically revolting things, like body-exquent, into trying to make a analogy of clean and dirty, and I'm just gonna spare you guys that shit. But if you want extra shit, we have a member section for the YouTube extra videos every week. They're usually nerdy or more in depth. Check that out, and also in the description, we have a link to the team full-rom forum. We do weekly lives to answer all of your questions, the forum, everyone answers everyone's questions all the time. We leak your technique, just try to see if we can analyze to get your squats better, et cetera. If you post videos, we always analyze them. If that's something that interests you, and you have just a teeny bit more money. Remember, 99% of your money goes to Mr. Neckshaw CEO of our P. But one percent of it goes to my personal Lamborghini collection. I met 48 Lamborghini's currently, and you know what? I thought it would be impressive in my underground garage with also a runway for my stealth jet, but 48, it's like 48 states of the United States. I'm too shy, a feeling complete. So please buy something, so I can get my way to 50 lambs, and then I will first have happiness in my life. See you guys next time.