Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSW Previsation, I'm here to talk to you about a globally important topic in our challenging times. What are the most important muscles to train so that you can look jacked? I know, I know, finally we're discussing the very thing our society has built on how random people in the street perceive you. There is a lot of controversy on this and a lot of people have different opinions. I'm coming at it with my own biases, but also I have PhDs and stuff, so I've got to be correct, dammit, and do you dare get in the comments to debate me? I'm going to tell you this right now. If I see you debating me in the comments, Scott's video, can we block people from our channel? You're getting fucking blocked. I'm then even going to read your shit. One word of disagreement and you're fucking out. You're gone, bro. I don't care if you remember, you should be asking money, you're my close personal friend. Guys, if I comment on the channel and disagree with myself, I'm fucking gone. That's how far I'm taking this. In any case, shoot for sure. Definitely, let us know if you what you agree with his list, ranking order, what you disagree with, questions, comments, etc. We'll see you in the comments. Without further ado, here we go. Rank one, and I do mean rank one. In the muscle, you should be focusing on training the most. If you want to look jacked in close or without, by the way, this is an enclosed and without closeness, same list. Bold move, Dr. Mike, showing up without close to a restaurant, is the bulk move, which I do all the time. My parole officer says this is not wise. Shoulders, with them without clothing, shoulders, set up your V-taper. And a lot of the visual subconscious ways in which people judge how big you are, it's a two-factor model. One is just how broad your shoulders are. That's probably the first thing people subconsciously notice about you. If you see someone that's shoulders are really narrow, but they have like really big arms or something, you could be like, oh, that guy, wow, that guy's got really big arms. Put you're not going to be like that guy's bit. What is the situation in which you see someone with four foot wide fucking shoulders? And you're like, ah, if you see someone who's hugely wide shoulders, big ass delts, the first thing you're going to think of is holy shit. And you could look at the rest of the physique, but like, well, actually not as jacked as they look, they just have a wide frame, but it hits you. That's factor one. Factor two is, how does it relate to the waist? Because if your waist is any size that it is, big, medium, small, however big you get your shoulders will make your waist look smaller. And thus it sets up the V-taper look, which means people don't just think you're big, they think you're jacked. Because a guy with huge shoulders and a huge waist and a huge gut that goes out beyond all those, that's a big person, but not the kind of big person you're probably interested in becoming. If you have big ass shoulders, check your fucking big. And if you have a small waist relative with the bigger your shoulders are the smaller waist as relatively because the typically doesn't grow over time, then you are big and jacked. Mission accomplished. What part of the shoulders? I'll just make the super clear the front part of the shoulders doesn't make you look wider. The back doesn't make you look wider. Makes you look wider from the side like this shit. It's the side delts. Upright rows, ladders, cable work, dildo raises. What I don't judge what you do at home in your own spare time. However you hit your side delts, that's how you should be eating them. Often, two, three or four days a week with tons of volume, they barely get tired. You can train the fuck out of them. Eat plenty. As your shoulders grow, you're going to look wider and wider and wider and that's going to be the biggest possible impact on your physique. If I was training a Hollywood actor, which I'm not qualified to do as you've seen from our many videos of the extreme experts that train those folks. And they're like you got to make the willem to foe look as jacked as possible. We're fucking training delts from don't till dusk. And we're not training anything else. No, I take that back. We're training other stuff. Delts are the most important. I will die on that hill, but it's a delts shaped hill. Sleep on the side, don't. I love you, Hill. How long have you two, Mike? What? It's a talking hill, Delta. Huh? Number two, once you're on track to get big delts, the next most important muscle to be jacked in closer without is arms. And I will not debate you on this. Why? Because you may have a lot of debating. You may be intelligent and you may even be correct. Do you know Mike on argument back to you is big fucking arms. Fuck you. Big arms win every debate, a debate club, like world. The Taiwan brain deal. Does it make sense? And a lot of China's new girlfriend don't care big arms. I won that shit. Give me the fucking debate trophy. Big arms are never the wrong answer to anything in this world. Do you guys know what Thomas Edison was known for? Electricity or something? Maybe I don't know. Big arms. He had fucking huge arms. How do I know that? Because he had big arms. I can close my eyes and all the people that have big arms in the history of the universe. I can see them all. They're still in the ether. They never went anywhere. Rich Piano. The King. You never look at rich Piano's arms. You go, whatever. You're like, holy fucking shit. And let me prove to you the point. But go to the ops. Let's say you fucking see a guy like, where do you see people? I got it. I'll have garden bathroom. That's where you check other guys out. You go in there. You get your dick out. You start peeing. You fucking kind of look around. You know, because I got you fucking big. That guy's a pussy fucking. Yeah, shit like that. And if you're like, especially if you're washing your hands, right? You wash your hands and there's a guy that the two ham stall thing where it's one mirror and the blue little silk square d's and yours doesn't work. You have to go lean over to use his or excuse me. But the way you say excuse me, it depends on what he looks like, which brings me to my point. If he's got like big ass shoulders, like, I respect little waste respect. But then you look at his arms and they're not big. Like, my fuck this clown bro. Hey, the fuck out of my way. Little tiny arm little bitch. I'm gonna take yourself. I'm gonna take everything bro. Where's your girl at? I'm gonna take her to. He's like, I'm actually gay. You're like, I'm gonna take your boy. I don't give a fuck. Because he doesn't have big arms. But if you look over and he's welcome washing like this, he's a fuck. Yeah, he ripped off the soapies drinking the shit. You're like, oh fuck, that's my new king. You take a knee in a bathroom and all of garden front of another man. If he has big arms, you'll understand why it's happening. He's like, my fair subject, you may rise a member of my kingdom. And he fucking flexes the bicep at you. No, sir. Please, big arms are fucking king. There's no argument. If you have a guy who's big and every other respect, but doesn't have big arms, he's a really actually big. I submit that the answer is no. Number three, you got big dealt checked. You got big arms checked. You're well on your way, but something is missing. And that's something is actually two things in the very front and top of your body. It is your chest. The armor plate look. You get from big aspects. It cannot be replicated. It cannot be faked. It's the real deal. And with guys and how they size up each other, if you see a guy with big doubts, you're like, all right, respect. And you see that he is big arms, you're like, okay, fucking respect. But he's got like a bony rib cage like man, I would punch that motherfucker to God damn Mars. Fuck him. Pussy. Your big ass fucking arms and doubts, I'm going to do shit. Those are cosmetic muscles. You got a guy that benches four or five hundred or some shit like that. These pecs look different. They have a hang to him. And they come out way too far. It's like phone book shit. You guys know what a phone book is? You fucking ticked occurs. Don't know what that is. It's when you go on your phone and there's a there can picture a book. In any case, big pecs first thought I have as a dude if I punched that guy, I would hurt my hand. I'll get that again. I'll have garden bathroom go to any find your new king. You guys already know the drill. Big pecs are super fucking important. Now, if you have big pecs, put you got little delts, I thought it was boobs. What are those? No one's going to notice. If you have big pecs and you got little arms again, little arms, sorry, no go. But if you have impressive shoulders and big arms and big pecs as far as flat boys are concerned, you're ready as jacked as can be. So you fucking one, you did it. And the rest is really just bonus points. I don't really mean that, but I really mean that. Shoulders, arms and chest in that order is how you fucking get jacked and look jacked in close or without close. Point number four, fourth muscle group that we want to train. Sometimes this very awkward thing happens, where you have big ass shoulders, big ass arms and big chest, and unfortunately make a critical mistake, whoever does you try and impress, I would just be in a fun way like this. You don't fortunately get turned around and then they see your behind. And then they see that your back is like as jacked as they can open bird cage where there's one dead parrot in it, one flu away. It seems like something's missed. It shouldn't appear. It's being there, wrapping to each other and saying unfortunate things that they learned elsewhere shouldn't be some life back there. And if your back is really small, it's kind of like, oh, and people who were not that they matter because they're so few of us people who are actually jacked and actually strong. If you have a tiny, weak back, they judge the fuck out of you. And then they're like, dude, you're rob's pretty big. Are fuck rob. And they do these right there to like, Rob, come here, fuck you and Rob's like, I'm not going to do anything about it because I don't have a big strong back with which to support my manhood. Rob, it doesn't matter how much he benches, tiny back irrelevant in the grand scheme of life. Like, hey, I want to be president one day, turn around. Nope, you're back too small. I got it here. That's how that shit works. So for the hard core and for people that happen to be behind you instead of in front of you, if you get a big back, if you get a wide back with big ass lats, what it does is it exaggerates that V taper even more in the way or suits, you wear fitted shirts, you look fucking ridiculous. You got a guy turn around and you see his last to his fucking dress shirt or the wedding, you're like, do I want a married that guy? I mean, marry, but certainly I could go to the bathroom and please him orally, it's the least I could do. I mean, what are weddings for anyway? So big back is a big deal and with or without clothes, it establishes that fucking presence. Big back plus big shoulders is like super Mario, more part, look, the shit grows, the bonus points. That is really a fucking look. Now, you can't cheat your way to that look with little tiny arms and little bird packs, that's not going to happen. But a big back, big shoulders is a real good way to start it. Again, if you have small shoulders and a big back, something looks miss, that's why it's not rank one. But if you have all the other stuff, a big back really closes it out and it really really awesome way. And if you want to look big to normal people, that's all he needs is lat width. If you want to look big to big people, thickness, front to back. Like you guys have maybe been on social media, seeing pictures of my spinal directors. You've also been on only fans and seen pictures of my other erect things. And then, if I'm quite as erect as I want, thickness is just like your fucking strong. There's no way around it. And it has this like really masculine energy to it. We're like, if you're a pretty boy, physique model and you have like wide lats, you're like, oh, good, you look awesome. But if you're, if you're front to back, thickness to your back, people who know things and who really give a shit about being jacked. Like all of us watching this channel, they're like, holy fuck, that's for real. You can't deny that shit. The problem with thickness is that in close, it just looks like you're fat. You can't tell a part fat and muscle without clothes at the beach at the gym at picking up your kids from kindergarten, wherever you choose to be naked. You end up having the situation where someone sees a thick back and they know what they're looking for. And then your girlfriend's like, does that kind of big or like, what, you're like, yes, he baby shut up. You'll hear you. Yes, he's fucking huge. I want to be like him. I wish I was him. I hate myself. She's like, oh, fuck. But it's true. Big back's count. Training for muscle growth is never going to be the same. Bonus. That's really it, guys. It's four things. Don't worry. I'll talk about your favorite muscle groups in just a second. Bonus. Traps. I do that backwards. Traps and forearms. Traps and forearms. Why? Here's the thing. Buy themselves. They don't do much. If you just have big traps, but the rest of you skinny, looks confusing or looks like you have some congenital disorder in your neck turned out weird. If you have big traps in addition to some big ass arms and shit like that, it gives you that Tom Hardy brick thick yoke look. Tom Hardy is not only incredibly handsome, but it's those incredibly talented actor. It's also, I just want to meet him. I just want to be around him. I wonder how he smells. Do you guys ever think things like that? I don't. That's sinful. If you want that Tom Hardy look, traps don't lie. But they have to complement a great beer with a super awesome, frothy foam. Amazing. Foam just by itself in a cop. You're like, what the fuck? Did you just what is this foam drink? This is down my pay money for this. Just the same way. Traps complement an already good physique and really accentuated. They don't make the physique. So don't start doing shrugs first because you look fucking ridiculous. What about forms? Or I'm say one of a few things about you. If they're really big, chronic masturbator with serious problems, definitely me. But also big forms, first of all, it's kind of just concerning to you. You're like, oh my god, I'm not really a man. And if you're a woman, I'm going to pretend I know what you think. I have no idea. When you see a man with big forms, don't you just think like, I don't wonder if he could consensually, consensually, I wonder if he could grab me with those. I mean, that literally with his forms, that would be weird. But using his form musculature to frustrate me, I could just, I don't even know what I do with myself, except have 50 trillion orgasms because big forms are hot. That's you. And you know, big forms are dope. And they have a huge advantage of like if you're just wearing a shirt and they can't see the rest of your body. Maybe they can always see your fucking forms. And if you're wearing a sweatshirt and somehow the form part is tight, holy fucking shit. People are like, what the hell's up with that guy? Big forms are again like traps. They really compliment an awesome physique. And if you have big arms, but really big opera arms, but really kind of skinny forms, it looks cool, but it's something's off. Something's missed. If you have big arms and your forms are also huge, oh boy, you really do have big fucking arms in the classic sense. So forms are cool, but again, enhanceers. So once you're well on your way to being jacked in the rest of you that matters, training your forms a bit, training your traps a bit, can go a long way to give you that extra special look, whereas you were just jacked before. Now you're like that one guy that your girlfriend wants to have sex with. I think Mike, you forgot legs. Now I didn't. You guys know me on social media. My legs look at times kind of absurd. There's like four of them and they're supposed to be two. They're quite large. I'm fairly confident saying that. At least compared to the rest of my body, I have big fucking legs. The thing is, nobody gives a shit. I've never been in a situation, you know, there's always, and I know you, bitch, I know you who bought the comment. Facts. Look for it. Once we publish the video and it's out for at least an hour. Just can be at least one girl in the comments. At least one. There's always one. It says, I don't like guys with big upper bodies and actually look at lags. Like a peccoy has big, like, a bit shot the fuck up. Where have you been my whole life to get me laid? No, where? Like, actor, Mike, you. We're not always famous and wealthy and you're really short and ugly. Yeah, I know God damn it, but that whole I like lower bodies bullshit as a fucking lie and look, it's not a lie. It's just statistical irregularity. Most women like the big jacked upper body. If they like muscles at all and the legs, they sit down care enough about. Now, which weird for girls to have you a peg leg weird stick thin ass folding over in and itself dying in the lower body. Look, nobody likes that. So you look athletic in the lower body, but most people look athletic in the lower body anyway, just walking around and moving and being young and healthy. And I do a few squats here and there if you leg presses, it just doesn't fucking matter because nobody ever fucking not nobody, 90 percent of people, including women, ever fucking look at your legs to judge how jacked you are. It's just not a thing that happens. Like if it happened, holy fuck. And the thing is body builders and power lifters and strong men, they look at how jack someone is and if they find that the person makes them uncomfortable because of how jacked the upper body, the last resort is looked down to the legs. And when they see that your legs are small, they go out of fucking, that guy's a clown and they're not wrong. But most people don't ever get to that part. You get to that part because you've been in the strength sport game for too fucking long, just like me. Most people, almost everyone, it's upper body only, nobody gives a flying fuck about your legs. In guys, listen, if I was some skinny leg weirdo, it would be of course Dr. Mike saying this. You guys know me. I'm fucking out of that. And no one cares. I care, you might care. Thank you. But we're tiny, lonely people that no one talks to. Upper body is the only thing that matters. But Dr. Mike, you now say, so by the way, if you're like your only comments, and this is like, yeah, I like legs and not upper body, spare us. Just kidding, get in the comments in comments. We can fucking read it clearly. Just kidding, we're not going to read it clearly. But just know you're irregular. You're unusual. Which I've been told I am before. By liars, neck, what about the neck? Dr. Mike, what about a thick fucking neck? I hear you. neck is like traps and forearms. If you have a thick neck and the rest of you skinny, people suspect that something's when I should have zagged in development. If you have a thick neck, whenever anything else is jacked, it looks fun. Sweet. But here's the kicker. When you train your traps hard and your back hard and your shoulders really hard. The cross activation, you guys know when you're lifting hard and going, it actually does absolutely utilize your neck. When you're squatting, really having your do this and this and that, your neck gets a ton of exposure to growth stimulus indirectly. And thus, if the rest of you is jacked, news flash, your neck is automatically jacked. Like you don't say in your boy here, I got a pretty fucking big neck. And I've never trained neck in my life in Diplode, plan on it. Now I grapple too, so that's plenty of neck training. But my neck would be like maybe half an inch smaller if I didn't grapple. It's still be fucking enormous. Like my neck is maybe like wider than my head. I don't know. People say I look like a thumb. It's not a nice thing to say. It's someone who cries a lot at home. But it's not the last truth. I never fucking train my neck. And if you want your neck to be bigger, even though the rest of you's jacked, dope train your neck. But I got to be honest, one's really looking. I've never seen anyone with a big ass shoulder, a crisp bump step. Crisp bump step does not have a thick neck. That's part of the classic physique look. Is a normal-ish looking neck and big everything else. You ever see, you know, as he crisp bump set on the street and someone's like, wow, he's not really at jack. But what do you got to do fucking mind? We still have one of those jacked people on planet earth. In an sense, the most jacked. Nobody cares about your neck. If you care about your neck, dope, go to Jeff Nippur, he'll teach you all about how to give a thick neck. What I'm saying to you is if you think neck is like number rank one or two or three, it's not. You just get the rest of you jacked. Your neck comes up anyway. And if your neck doesn't come up, it doesn't fucking matter because no very few people care about a bigger neck is and ratio your neck to your size. Again, shoulders, arms, chest, back, and the rest is bonus or irrelevant. If you're curious about it, but Dr. Mike, this is nice, but I don't have any of these things. How do I get more jacked? There's a link in the description to the RPI hypertrophy app where you can do preloaded programs to get you jacked in every way that we just talked about or customize your owner even mix and match. You can do this for OGs like a dollar a day and the program auto-regulates and adapts to your every need and has all these other great things and I made it. So it's got a maybe matte suck a little. Anyway, guys, girls, lemono, you think. Oh, and if you want us to do a video about what muscles make of the female, look the most jacked is that what they're going for? Fuck it. Last and all in the comments will make that video too. All right, time to be a canceled. See you next time.