You're doing a bunch of exercises that suck. We're gonna tell you why they suck, and recommend much better replacements, so you can get rid of the stupid bullshit. Music You'd like to out, you dumb motherfucker. Oh, plus. The Bosuball is number one, worst offender. Why? Well, it's a great exercise modulation, you see. You can use the Bosuball for anything. You can do squats on it, you can do lunges on it, you can do push-ups on it. And you know what's even better is doing all of those things off of the Bosuball. But my, come on man, it's got a teases. That's right, getting flung across the gym, like a stupid Frisbee that it is. Why is the Bosuball really that bad? Because when you're on the ball, you become unstable. Hey, you're unstable. And precisely because your body detects instability, it ramps down your ability to contract the biggest, most growth prone parts of your muscles. And the ones that make you the strongest, they're called fast twitch motor units. And they're basically shut almost completely off when you're on an unstable surface like the Bosuball. So if you want to get them the ball, the way some time, hey, it's awesome for that. If you want actual results, you need to strengthen or have perchrophy, whatever it is you're doing on the ball, get off the ball and do it instead. Music You like my kettle balls. I want to just stroke them and see if you could crush a little bit. Wow, not too much. Anyway, kettlebells, they're great. When I think of kettlebells, I think of very diffuse concepts. Crossfit girl, abs and titties. Scott, you know what I'm talking about? Something to do with that. Joe Rogan, faintly comes to mind and something to do with MMA and athleticism. But the reality is that the kettlebell is an excellent tool for training. But the kettlebell swing is a mysterious exercise which seemingly has no limiting factors and potentially no purpose whatsoever. When are you actually fatigued during the kettlebell swing? And what muscle is fatigued? And how many reps does it take to do that? If you realize that the kettlebell swing is something you can just keep going with. But it's very tough on the cardio situation than kettlebell swings are a wonderful part to include in a circuit for overall general cardiovascular fitness. However, more resistance training for growing the hamstrings, or the glutes, or the lower back, or for sport training, developing strength and power and speed. All of those things, something to kettlebell swing is neither by a mechanically designed to do because most of the forces are horizontal and in real sport, most of the limiting forces are vertical. And so, you just kind of left behind. There's an exercise that looks like you're doing something. But in reality, you just try to show the cross foot girl down at the other end of the gym that you too would like to go down on her because cross foot girls are getting gorgeous. Scott told me to say that. So, the kettlebell is a fine instrument, but kettlebell swings are not ideal. I would highly recommend if you want strength, power, and size to do exercises that are frankly a lot more difficult. The deficit deadlift, the power clean, the mid-theipole, these are going to be the exercises that it looks like the kettlebell swing replicates, but doesn't actually, they're going to make you much bigger, much stronger, much faster, and hey, shit. Why not, much meter as well. How do you get the biggest possible traps? They'll say, heavy carries, like strong men do it. When you ask strong men how to get big traps, they just look at you confused because their traps don't need to be any bigger. And if you ask them, a heavy carries are a good exercise if they, yeah, to beat the shit out of you, here's the deal. Do heavy dumbbell and every other kind of implement carry, actually build your traps, you bet. But what they also do is fatigue living, got to you because heavy carries means if very heavy, it's a lot of pressure on the skeleton, it gives you awesome strong bones, but also saps the fatigue away that you could have dispersed over many other more productive exercises. Not only to hit your traps, but the rest of your body. You got to move around, you got to move your feet. Is it sort of athletic? Kind of, but it's probably one of the least athletic things about strongman sport. So if you want to get into strongman, load some constones or do some shit like that. Heavy carries are like if you want to pretend to be a strongman, get very little out of it, and then just piss away a lot of time. But hey, it's going to get the people staring at the gym, in disdain, so stop doing it. Amen, I had my clients do heavy carries for a core strength and a flow of system. Honestly, that's not that terrible of an idea. If your clients are paying for function, number one carries stone loading, press medley is all really, really good stuff to incorporate. Your clients are probably paying you to be healthy, strong, and look good, which means dynamic movements, not just shuffling your feet along with completely static shoulders, movements like presses, poles, every single kind of very deep knee bend, dead lifts at a deficit. All that stuff is going to give you hypertrophy, and strength, and metabolic adaptation, and what your client's paid for, which is sexiness. Instead of heavy carries, if you really want jack traps, you can try, I don't know, a concentric eccentric and asymmetric, instead of just the isometric component of the traps, the heavy carries train. Now you can do this through dumbbell shrugs, cable shrugs, machine shrugs, and shit, hey between us, any kind of shrug you like. When you're doing shrugs, make sure to come up nice and high, as you pull, stop at the top for a split second. Slowly come all the way down through the eccentric, really milk that stretch, come up again. Set's of 10 to 15 control reps, very short breaks until you get your breath back, go, go, go, get a sum total of about 30 to 50 shrugs in per workout, your traps can be blown up, like you're that one person in the comics with big traps. Yes, the Hulk, why not the Hulk? Bicycle labs are also dumb. Now look, they're not terrible. Be it the cross, your elbow, cross, and touch your opposite knee, and it does something to your abs, but it suffers from a few limitations. One, never stretches your abs a ton, and two, most importantly, how do you progress on it? If you can do bicycle labs for more than about a minute and 30 seconds, you're already in really good shape. Any more time added, it's just going to make your abs have higher endurance. We'll make them any more jacked. Thing we want here is the ability to load the exercise and give it a big stretch, which is why bicycle abs kind of sucks. But instead, we can do things like the decline weighted sit-up, which is goded for ab development. The V-up is another excellent ab exercise that you can do instead of bicycle labs. Again, it allows a huge range of motion, huge stretch, even incorporate some of the musculature of the thighs, and of the lats and triceps to get you an awesome anterior chain workout for being very sciencey about it. Who invented bicycle abs? I think it was one of those things, really, a super hot, 80s, a little bit, constructor girl did it. You don't want it to correct her, because secretly everyone's in the class to try to have sex with her later. Next on our list is the Turkish get-up. The Turkish get-up is better known as a parlor trick. By a mechanism to agree that it's not exactly certain what the hell it is you're either testing or training in the Turkish get-up, but most would say it's probably the ability to keep your shoulder mobile enough to stay totally vertical. And the bare modicum of leg strength and total body coordination it requires to stand up with a mini-insure kettlebell in your hand. Do you guys know what tests like strength the whole shit load better? The deep barbell squat. And do you know what tests your overhead pressing ability and strength and stability better? Any kind of barbell overhead press. Since I've done about a million pounds on the squat and about a trillion pounds the overhead press see the videos playing now on your screen, I should easily be able to do a Turkish get-up right? Let's find out. Okay, start like this. And then you... Ha! Ha! Wait, oh my shoulder. And then thanks. Thanks. Ha, ha, ha. Ha, ha. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Yeah, ha! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! Bullshit. If I can do it, you know damn well it doesn't make your athletic. Because, I think you look at me. Well, Dr. Mike, you didn't do the kettlebell. Getting the Turkish get-up right man. You're supposed to like extend your hips and have one of who gives a shit. It's make-belief nonsense that you do because you're not actually strong. If you could squat a lot and press a lot, you wouldn't have any ego problems. No, you're in the comments section talking about. He can't even do a proper Turkish get-up. I bet he's so un- athletic. Try any mother-for-her. I am the five-time back-to-back world whiff-al-runner-up. The champion was in legend. What the- do you want me to say? Sometimes you just have to be second-best. Would you tell Scotty Pippony sucks if they ask about no, a few? Alright folks, that's our little video for Cheney Look. All Loving Respect, All Funding Games don't take the shit personally. Turkish get-up people, I'll see you in the comments. Check this out. All of these exercises have their place. It's just that in a program designed to build as much muscle as possible and to lose as much fat as possible and to build as much power and strength as possible. None of these exercises are really top tier. As a matter of fact, they're bottom tier barely in the conversation. Just like my seventh grade dance memories were, it's right? Did you get invited to the Sadie Hawkins dance in seventh grade? Well, I sure shit didn't, and I'm pissed about it. And now the popular people are doing these stupid exercises. I'm so ugly, I'm so bald, so I get to have my full time thus on YouTube and say, oh my exercises are better. So, take that. Anyway, if you like this video, like, comment, subscribe, and come up to the algorithm. Just put your finger right in, just put your finger right in, just know the algorithm. And then make out with it. I'll see you guys next time.