I think I'm pretty close to 100% right on this and I do think a lot of people are just straight up wrong. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Anasanspirodization and today's video is about the stiff-legged deadlift, versus the Romanian deadlift. And the fact that this is an illusory dichotomy. In fact, these are basically no. They are the same thing. Controversial, I know. And I know because there are tons of other influencers, most of them very, very sharp and making great videos that have made entire videos talking about what the difference is between an SLDL and an RDL, a stiff-legged deadlift and a Romanian deadlift. And what I'm going to tell you is going to be potentially controversial, but I think I'm pretty close to 100% right on this, and don't worry, I'll support it even with sources, that actually it's the same thing. Weird. And I do think a lot of people are just straight up wrong with all due respect. I've been wrong many times in my life. Here we go. Maybe this is one of them. Let's find out. What is an RDL? I think it's an SLDL. SLDL stiff-legged deadlift. And it is an SLDL as described to the attendees of a weightlifting seminar in San Francisco in 1990 by the Romanian lifter Nicovlad and his coach, Beregamir, Geraslad. That's my best pronunciation of that. I am not Romanian, but close. The Romanian is a bit sweetest name, but I would be good-minded to have my name be Drogamir. That's fucking awesome. You know that, guys, in your way, class you're fucking losing. In any case, this Romanian deadlift was actually named by US Olympic coach at the time, Jim Schmitz, as the Romanian deadlift because he asked during training these folks where Nicov was doing the same thing. He asked him, what is that movement? What do you call that? They didn't really know they said deadlift. They couldn't really explain it. So, Romanian deadlift. So, Jim Schmitz named it right there. How do I know this? It is well described by Jim Schmitz himself in the Iron Mind article that is linked right over here. Maybe Scott will drop this link in the description as well, but you can just look at it. It's written up and just Google it. It comes up really quick. By the way, for serious strength athletes, Iron Mind magazine is the fucking B's knees. It is unbelievable. I used to read it literally 20 years ago, and it was just great. It is great. Amazing. Can't recommend it more than I already have. Now, how did Jim Schmitz himself and this is directly from Iron Mind directly his quote, described the lift. He said, and I'll just read, so forgive me for not looking at the camera. You grab the bar with your clean grip, pull the bar to the tops of your thighs, but don't complete the lift. That is, don't lock out your back. The knees are not locked out. The chest is out. The back is flat. And then lower, sorry, you then lower the bar to about two inches from the platform, keeping her back perfectly flattered arched, and your knees slightly flexed. Then you return to the almost erect position. I've been almost erect a few times. That's me, not him saying that. But it is very critical here, not to fully lock the knees, then repeat. Two very important details are, number one, your back stays flat or arched at all times, and two, your knees stay slightly flexed at all times. This lift is almost all low back, glutes, and hamstrings. Now, callermy fucking completely crazy. But that is the stiff leg of deadlift that lots of lifters have been doing around world for decades, even at that time in 1990. No, well, let's find out. Again, here is Jim Schmitz. Quote, an interesting side note here is that Yoshinobu Miyaki, Japan's 1964 and 1968 Olympic champion in weightlifting, was at the clinic where the remains were, and he said he did the same exercise back in his prime in the 1960s. I let that sink in. I'm calling them Japanese deadlifts from now on. Weird. In addition to this, my PhD chair, Dr. Mike Stone, who's one of America's best ever sports scientist, wasn't his, used to say, very angrily, I might add when you call it an RDL in front of him, we used to do stiff leg of deadlifts before the Romanians visited. They did not invent that exercise. They did it like many, many other people around the world had four decades. Now, let's get into the weeds of the refined technique. Technically speaking, the RDL is a variation of the stiff leg of deadlift. It is a type of stiff leg of deadlift, which is a broader category of potential ways of doing that exercise, but it's actually the most common way of doing that exercise, and it is probably in most cases the most proper technique. The stiff leg of deadlift is designed to hit mostly the hamstrings, and RDL style, which jimsmiths just described for us, is exactly almost exactly how most people would do it. It's nearly ideal. Now, I just said that the RDL is one type of a universe of stiff leg of deadlift, a spectrum of ways you could do that exercise. And so some of the stuff that was said in the way to do it, like stopping a few inches from the ground, we could critique and say, aren't there different ways of doing that? Yes. And here they are. First, all stiff leg of deadlift can vary on the degree of back arch. You can be ultra super archenier low back, or you can be even very rounded. Number two, they can vary in the degree of knee bend. You can have a significant amount of knee bend, or you can do technically speaking a stiff leg of deadlift with completely straight knees and everything in between. Number three, the degree of bar and hip travel, you can keep your hips relatively stationary and let the bar swing out really far. You can try to keep your hips stationary, this is very challenging, and keep the bar super tight to your legs. You can try to push your hips back really far as you descend and have the bar travel very far away from you as well, or most commonly, you have your hips travel really far back, and the bar stays very close to your hips and the rest of your body. Number four, depth differences. You can finish a stiff leg of deadlift at the bottom at just around or below the knees, or generally if you're very flexible, you can do them all the way to below the floor, which means you're standing on a platform or lifting with smaller weights, and those are deficit stiff leg of deadlifts. Number five is the grip. You can have a narrow grip or a wide grip or even a snatch grip. These are all variations on a theme of the stiff leg of deadlift, and the RDL is one subtype of the stiff leg of deadlift more generally. Now, there are a few other minor distinctions, and I'm sure I haven't even covered all of them, but here are some other things to think about. One is the degree of eccentric control. You'll notice that RDLs you descend relatively slowly, hypothetically you could do a stiff leg of deadlift to descend more quickly. Retracted versus rounded shoulders, you could have a stiff leg of deadlift where the shoulders just hang, you could have ones where you arch and pull back your scapulae the entire time. You can choose to pause in the bottom position or not to pause. You can touch the ground or not touch the ground, and about a million other smaller changes you could make. Now, because in my humble view, probably the best use of stiff leg of deadlifts is hamstring training, let's review what the best practices are for using stiff leg of deadlifts to train your hamstrings. How, when we change these variables, we just talked about that could be different between different approaches to the stiff leg of deadlift to actually train our hamstrings the best. Well, here it is. First, you'll see by the way, many of these most almost all overlap with how an RDL is described. First, you want to have anterior pelvic tilt, which means that you have a neutral back or an arch back, your hips are tilted up and back, that pre-stretch is the hamstrings allowing them to get into a more favorable position to be stimulated for growth. To, you have a slight knee bend, it means you're not going to be really uncomfortable with no knee bend at all, and you can produce a high-alotting situation for the hamstrings without concerns for safety. So that's really good. You don't want too much of a knee bend because the users have to move the bar a lot further to get the hamstrings actually stretched out. Number three, you want a slow descent to maximize that nasty eccentric hamstring stimulus and to stay safe. The hamstrings are a finicky muscle. If you guys have ever played sports, you know the hamstrings like to get injured every now and again, and those are really almost always nasty injuries. You don't want their poles, they're this, they're that. You want to go nice and slow because you lose nothing going slow, and you gain an extra margin of safety and even probably a bit of stimulus as well. Another advantage you're going slow on the stiff leg of the deadlift is your knees and hips tend to go off track because they counteract each other. If you go slow, you can always reinforce that you're still using your hamstrings and they're being pulled apart painfully. If you go quickly, you could do a thing where you do a wrap, you come back up and you're like, fuck, I bet my knees too much. But if you're going slowly, you can auto adjust, make micro adjustments, pushing your knees back, keep it in a forward, back and forward to keep the right amount of tension on your hamstrings. Number four, you want to descend deep enough to painfully stretch the hamstrings, which is where that advice for stop two inches above probably isn't the best advice in the world from the RDL proponents. Because if you're really flexible in hamstrings, stopping two inches above the ground can be just not enough of a stretch and you don't get really sore or make a ton of progress. But if you're in that case, you would want to do some deficit work and really go below the floor, so to speak. But if you have very poor flexibility in the hamstrings, then you'd have to round your back a shitload in order to get two inches above the ground. Once you round your back, your posterior pelvis, tilt into posterior tilt. It takes tension off of the hamstrings and then it's just not much of a hamstring exercise anymore. So really what you need to do is the height where you go to is the most auto regulated part of the stiff leg and deadlift and you go until you feel a deep painful stretch in the hamstrings, not much further than that, and definitely don't stop until you feel that deep painful stretch. And tell you guys about the RP Hypertrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app, you can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they were written by a personal. This app programs everything for you. So, to wrap this up, if someone asks you, do you like SLDLs or RDLs, bro? What do you think about RDL versus SLDL? It's tantamount to asking someone, do you like Fedachini Alfredo or the kind of Fedachini Alfredo they make it most Italian restaurants? What? The kind of the same thing, the RDL is the most common and basically the most effective type of stiff leg and deadlift for training hamstrings. So it's just kind of damn near the same thing, or you could think about it as a stiff leg and deadlift is a very large circle. And an RDL is also large, just slightly smaller circle that is entirely enveloped by that large circle. Trying to do a stiff leg and deadlift that is also not cataloged as an RDL. Usually means you're not training the hamstrings anymore, and it's just not really clear what it is you're doing. You can do very bent knee, rounded back, stiff leg and deadlift, really if we're putting a fine plan and it's just a good idea. That's just a fucking deadlift. So again, RDL and SLDL is almost exactly the same thing and in fact the RDL is entirely encompassed by the stiff leg and deadlift category. Instead of asking, do you prefer the RDL or SLDL? And also a lot of people don't know what these two things mean, so they'll just give you wrong answers. They think in RDL as this where it's really not this. It's much more clear to ask things if you want to know how a person trains and what they do and want to try to copy them a little bit to get some similar results. Ask them things like this. Do you like to pause at the bottom of your stiff leg event or RDLs? I don't care which one to use. I'm not a person that gets pissed if you use RDL. It's totally fine. The romanians are sweet. How much do you like to pause at the bottom? Do you like to pause at the bottom? How much need men do you prefer? Very, very straight knees or somewhat more bent knees? How why do you like your grip to be questions like that? Questions that answer where on all of those margins do you prefer to do stuff like a delet? It's an actually. There's no one correct answer because you can use slightly different approaches as new variations. Snatch grip stiff leg event lifts, conventional grip stiff leg event lifts, stiff leg event lift, where you push your butt really far back but bend your knees a little more. Once in which you basically almost bend your knees not at all but you keep your butt relatively stable. Those are all totally fine as long as they are doing the job safely and effectively loading your hamstrings at a stretch. That's the exercise feature that we really really want. And I think one of the reasons why the romanians didn't like to do the lock out portion is because that top end really just doesn't offer whole out of stimulus. And if you get almost all the way up to the top you don't have to re enter anterior pelvic tilt you're already in it. You can simply go right back into the movement and it ends up being a loaded partial and those are showing a literature to be very effective. Why are we saying just ask for variations? Because there is not this contentious battle between SLDL and RDL, the RDL is just a well executed version of a very common type of stiff leg event lift. Which means most physique folks will do something and should do something that looks like an RDL. And if you're stiff leg event lift looks very different than an RDL that will be weight lifters doing. There's more of a chance you're doing it wrong than you're just doing something clever that is not encompassed by the RDL category folks. I know this is going to have a lot of comments. I'll see you in the comments. If you like the video please like it. If you hate it just like it anyway. I want to be your friend. Please, I need any likes. I count all the likes. If I get a thousand likes in a video, I buy myself a cookie and I eat it watching the likes go up. If you like this kind of nerdy stuff, we'll see you in our members area that cost more money because I need Lamborghini's desperately. But there's extra videos there every week for nerd stuff like this. And if you want help with your stiff leg event lift or RDL technique, come join us in the team full rom forum. Well, analyze your technique. We'll make it better over time. We'll give you a ton of programs and a ton of interaction and questions answered ever week and all that good stuff. That's all in the description and I'll see you guys next time.