If you want an amazing workout with just a pair of light dumbbells, you're going to have to get creative. You can make these workouts ultra fast, it will be tough. Let's get to the workout. This whole workout is going to be a sum total of 10 exercises. Two sets each. That is 20 sets. We are going to be able to finish this workout and so will you at home in less than 20 minutes. How is that possible? Science time and taginistic or unrelated supersets. We do a set of an exercise that involves one muscle group. A few muscle groups and then with no rest at all, we transition into the next set of an exercise that uses ideally none of the muscle groups we just use. So while one of your muscle groups or a few of them are really tired and recovering, the other ones are still training at a getting hammer. After those two sets are done right back to back with essentially no rest, we give Nick maybe 30 seconds of a minute rest to catch his breath and then he goes again. It's not going to take long. The only, well, downside like we mentioned before, in so let's get to the first exercise superset that we have. Ready? Let's hit it. Let's go. Let's get to the first exercise superset that we have, which is dumbbell skull crushers, superset it to dumbbell stiff legic deadlift. The stiff legic deadlift is at the glutes, the hamstrings, the lower back, some adactors, basically a huge part of your leg and back. And the skull crushers really just mostly hit your triceps in a little bit of your front delts. There's no interference there so you're going to go right from one to the other. And for some nowhere nuance here, we're doing the skull crushers first because the stiff legic deadlift is harder. We're going to be tired by the time we get to the stiff legic deadlift, then we can get a ton out of skull crushers with the same dumbbells and a ton out of stiff legic up on the foot. Push it there. Let's go finish strong. Excellent. That's slow. Big time. Let's go. And right over the quick transition, stiff legic deadlift is back. Ultra arched. Knees back chest up. Beautiful chest up. Take a nice pause down there when you get there. Looking for that painful tension in the hamstrings. Awesome. Painful tension. Deep stretch. Chest up. Pause. Get it. Awesome. Great. Take 30 seconds and we'll get right back to skull crushers. It's okay to be explosive on the percent of the rep. Kind of a decent the eccentric phase. Slow is good. Good stuff Nick. Finish strong. Let's go. Big moves here. Oh yeah. All right. Right in this stuff like a deadlift again. You guys can tell when this exercise is working when you tilt your hips. Push your butt back. You are going to feel a ton of painful tension in the hamstrings. You want that tension by moving your knees back, not locking them out. Just keep it in a little shy. Of lock out, moving your hips back, keeping your chest up as high as possible with an arched back that'll really target the hamstrings. Oh yeah. All day long. Perfect. Next super set is going to be dumbbell upright rows. Super set of two dumbbell split squats. If you do your split squats it's totally cool to do them on the floor but if you have a little platform for elevation, it could just be you're wearing a bigger shoes or something like that. You step on any kind of mats as long as it's solid. It gives you that big glute stretch that helps you grow your quads, add our turrets, glutes, even a little bit of hamstrings. The upright row hits your side delts, your traps, your biceps, your forms a little bit. Again, whole body but parts of the body that don't interact. So while one muscle is resting the other one is being crushed. When you're doing these folks you want to reach your elbows, sky high and come down nice and slow. Because it's dumbbells, it's very unlikely to irritate your shoulder joint. If you want to go a little wider or a little closer, it's a your call, whatever hits your side delts a ton and allows you to have very comfortable feel for your shoulder joints. Good stuff Nick. Do your best to slow them down. Slow. Yes. Right into split squats. Guys notice he's not slamming his knee on the ground. There's no rush to get down there. You want slow and controlled to get the muscles to work and for it to be nice and safe. Finish up strong Nick. Let's go. Look at that technique. Beautiful. 30 seconds to a minute rest and we're right back in the game. Good. Control that upper body posture. No swinging. Slow. Yes. Finish up strong. Yes. Every set pushed close to failure for the challenge. Beautiful. Excellent. Guys you want just the gentlest little touch at the bottom and if you can hang there for a second or two that's even better. Get you that glute and quad muscle growth that you are looking for. Just with a pair of. 20 pound dumbbells in xk so you can use 5 10s 20s and if you're super strong 30s and 40s. Chest. Yes. Awesome. Go ahead and rack. Let's take a look at what we have next. Nick you're looking a little tired looking like you're working. Almost halfway. Good news. It's time for break. No way they said that wrong. By break and then you're going to superset standing dumbbell curls to dumbbell front squats. Good news. The front squats don't really require anything your arms do and vice versa. But pain. Good. You guys will notice that Nick is curling all the way up to his head. Slash face. It is a way to curl. It is a great way to curl. It is not the only way to curl. He could totally stop. About halfway up and it would be a great exercise. Variation is the main of the game. If you have a few different ways of curling you can use one for a few months, one for another few months, no wrong answers. Come on now. Finish up strong. Excellent. Slow. Great. All right. Let's get your feet on that platform. Folks if you have the ability to squat him heel-choose it's better. If you can do a platform like this that's awesome. Because pointing his toes out a little bit. He's staying as upright as he can. He's only securing the dumbbells on his shoulders. The weight is going through his shoulders entirely. He notices torso as vertical as possible. And the only coming up two thirds of the way that means the tension remains on the quads the entire time. And we get a ton of exposure to that wankened position at the very big stretch at the bottom. These squats are killers. Awesome. Slow on the way down. Big pause at the bottom. Perfect. Good stuff. Mid in or so 30 seconds. We'll be back in action. Excellent. Nice and slow. Full weight your motion. Awesome. We can back at the bottom stretch those thighs. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Gonna shut the strong neck. Let's go. Couple more. Go. Go. And then slow. Isn't it going to do another? Beautiful. Yeah. Oh yeah. Couple more. Oh yeah. Last one. Big chest. Go. Awesome. Amazing. I think I'm going to let my sit up a little bit further. It's really hard not to. Yeah. Number four. Super set coming up. Getting to the end here. It's because nice and tired. But he's still with us. We are going to be doing a dumbbell pullover. Two arm. Super setted to dumbbell chest flies. We're taking care of our lats. Some tricep. Some of the belt muscles as well as of course the pecs. We'll support muscle on the body with a flies. Make you ready to go. Yep. Let's do it. All right. We want to go nice and slow on the way down of a pullover. Really red. Let your rib cage expand. Open up as you go down. You're going to feel it deep stretching the back of your arm and the tricep. The back of your shoulder and swell as your lap muscles on the outside of your back. You'll see Nick is taking a nice long pause at the bottom of the rib wrap. That's where the gross is. If you can take a pause in a muscle stretched position when it's under load, that is going to confer a lot of muscle growth. Slow control. That's it. Come on. All right. Right into flies. Nick is going to have just a slight elbow angle. Very similar angle. The entire time that he's doing these flies. As he goes down, he's going to reach up with his chest. You want to feel a major stress, a major stretch in the pecs. The entire time that you're doing this, you'll notice he goes down slow as usual and takes a nice pause at the bottom. This makes the exercises safer and more effective. Yes. Finish. Awesome. Relax a little bit again. Stop Nick. Yeah. So alive. But barely ready for last combo. Last one. All right. All right. Last few sets here. Nick is going to do pushups and he's going to do as many as he can with good technique, regular pushups hitting the chest, front delts and tri steps. And then he is going to do rows to the hips. Dumbbell bent over, always you can bend over. He's going to have a big stretch at the bottom and he's going to bring the dumbbells up to his hips, hips, activating his last. It's going to be awesome. This rounds out our whole program and it turns out we trained every single muscle in human body except for the caps because who cares about caps and just kidding or not see you guys in the comments. He is pausing gently at the bottom. Only good technique your folks. Save the bad technique for never. More Nick finish up. Yes. Last one. Go. Go finish. Amazing. You guys will want a nice flat lower back here. Next lower back rounds a little bit at the bottom that's totally fine. But at the top it's nice and arched. He's reaching forward a ton and flow-traffing the scapule. There's a ton of back muscle that allow that movement to occur and resist it and that's why they grow bigger if you do it. Excellent. Finish off Nick. Hips. Yes. And then slow. Amazing. Awesome. About a 30 second break here and then we're going to finish off the whole thing. This is tired. I'm just lucky. I didn't have to do this. I could not pretend to be the instructor. Excellent work. How that feel? Very intense. I mean 20 pound dumbbells. You know, thanks you much about it but just go go go go go go go go go. It's a really good way to add intensity without having to get crazy heavy. You only have a few dumbbells at home and a few other things. You can have amazing workouts. You can do this by yourself. No problem. If you download the RPEG.perch or Piat link in the description. It's going to be easier, more effective and you're going to have a total plan. You know exactly what to do with every single time. Folks, thanks so much for tuning in. Best of luck.