I'm sure somebody's out there. A lot of people want to say deadlift. A big debate we've been having lately on the Massomics podcast with several of our more recent guests. If a lifter walks into your gym, you've never seen this lift before. You have no prior knowledge of their lifting ability whatsoever. Your goal is to be able to best gauge their overall strength by watching them perform one day. One lift, one exercise only. You only get to watch them do this one lift. And you want to best gauge their overall strength. Whatever you consider that to be, what lift would you have them do in order for you to take your best guess? That's a really good question. We've had a lot of different answers from some, you know, we talked about that with Dave yesterday. There's been a really, really broad way that people analyze that and think about the way that they would interpret it. The continental clean and press. Well, that's, I think the first time we've gotten that one. Yeah. Yeah. That's like I'm a sports scientist. So you're reasoning. Do you know what that is? The continental clean is where your, there's an extra step of the process where it's, uh, Yeah. We're back and on the belly. Right. You're on the belly. Right. Right. Now all I need to say to justify my opinion is that the person who I believe still owns the record for that lift with the, uh, Axel at the Arnold is the journalist of this goes. I think he got like nine reps with 366 pounds or something insane in the continental clean and press. And because the journalists of this goes is the definition of several things, a grown man, Superman and strength period. I am interested in a debate about it with no one because it's just truth. And so if you say how do you assess general strength, what you're actually asking by the transit of property is, how do you assess someone's proximity to his journalist's viscous inability? And thus we leverage it according to his essentially best lift ever. And it's his best lift ever because he has beaten everyone at everything in strong man at one time or another. But at several Arnolds, and I'm sure you guys have seen all these, there were several times where he just left the entire pack behind by like a factor of two. Like the next best guy got like four reps and he got nine. I remember being at one of the Arnold's live and everyone in the crowd was like 90 seconds. If he got like nine reps and everyone was just like, what the fuck is going on? And a lot of guys like had to do the mixed grip, load, switch. Some guys were too athletic to have guts, which is nonsense. And he just did it like in such a smooth, I remember one time, I think for a few of the reps, the first few reps he loaded it onto his gut. And then the next push he just muscle snatched it. And you're just like, but that is a Coke can size barbell with 300 and some odd pounds on it, 366 or whatever. But it's just pure nonsense. Right. That motherfucker, if you can do that shit, you're strong. And if you're like, but I'm not flexible, I don't give a fuck. Get out of my face. Like, I'm not flexible enough to do that lift anymore because of bodybuilding. I'm not that strong, not in the real world. That's your shit. Like, it's just, that's it. That's the lift. And from an actual answer, sports science perspective, that lift will involve a huge fraction of your muscle mass. And the continental part, I'm just cutting a little slack on because some people, like, a little less technical version, you're testing less speed, less technique. Because so weightlifting will be able to clean and press more than everyone. But they're not actually like as strong as you would expect. Someone that can clean and strict press a lot, you know they're benching a fuckload. You know they're bent rowing a fuckload. There's just no way to get around that lift with leverage. Because if you have short arms, the press is easy, but the pull is hard. If you have long arms, the pull is easy, but the press is hard as fuck. So there's just no way out of it. Because like some guys who, who said deadlift. I'm sure somebody's got that's a lot of people want to say deadlift. Yeah, we agree. Because like some skinny mother fucker pull and say, get out of my face. Like, what do you eventually give the broke 135 less week? Like kilos? Like no pounds. That's the reason to both of us. Why deadlift is not counterintensive. Right answer. It's actually one of the longest answers because the deadlift involves the most trickery of all the lift. We've got to do the death of that. And analyzing that exact thing. It's the easiest one to manipulate in your favor, depending on App Store body type, your different leverage. All body type, I think, is such a huge, yeah. Congratulations. You have long arms. Yeah. And a short torso. Slow fucking clap. Oh, one of everyone who deadlift's a lot is adcon. Anyway, sorry to cut you off. One of the answers that's come up that I've started to kind of like to. People like the idea of maybe like a high handle. Like I liked someone said high handled farmers carry. I kind of start to get behind that. They say high handle, so it like maybe remove some of the, you know, it's a lesser technique. Like we talked about there. There's like judging maybe some grip strength. That I don't know. Grip strength is a weird thing to. But then people say high handle trap bar deadlift. That's one that's come up a decent bit too. So I'll say like that is a good answer. Yeah. My report to that is it. The limiting factor is so much grip strength. That's okay. You have like some arm wrestler could probably do super well at it. You're like not that strong and all the, because like your legs exist. And that lift barely test your legs at all. There is a, you guys are, of course, historians of strength. Yani Viertonan. Yeah. 2000 world strong is about year 2000. Yeah. It, of course, he's the world strong as man. No one can ever take that away. But the events were very favorable to him. He's a tall guy, very lengthy, very strong. It's just like finished people are just nonsense strong for no discernible reason. Literally because you're like, but you're not that jacked. Where is it coming from? But if you put him on a flat press, if you put him in a deep squat, right, it's actually not that strong. Right. And he was just insanely athletic and insanely coordinated and could deadlift and he had these super long arms. He could do stone loading. He could do the carry. He would do amazing at that kind of thing. But overall total body strength is a little bit different than even winning world strongest man. True. But if you think about like, what does it take to do a continental clean and press, you can just start checking things off like, weak back, you're out, weak legs, you're out, weak pushing ability, you're out. That's the three parts of your body generally already. And grip, especially if you do it with an axle, holy fuck. We just know way to get around that. Right. So that's my best answer, I think. Well, regardless if it's the right answer or not, which you might be, you might have the right answer. You have given the most detailed explanation. Also, I would like to score for it. I'd like to analysis of the deadlift, which three to far, so I particularly like to guess. Anyone who agrees with us, we will now air this episode. Someone's like, Strict Curl, you're like, cut the fuck to the camera, that's all right.