Come on, push, push, push, push. Oh, sir. I'm a cast failure. That's hard. Yeah, that's hard. Man says with blood in his face and eyes. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. We have a treat for you. You've seen the targeting the muscle series. Now we're going to be trying to do a variation of that. But live in the gym with actual lifters during actual workouts. Today's video is going to be the Camberd Bar Bench Press. We're going to be taking a jack, super strong power lifter through the Camberd Bar. Multiple sets giving you tons of cues to really figure out how this works. Not just when we talk about it, I'm done when we get in real actual life. Let's get into it. Heck is healthy, but coming off a peck strain, one was your peck strain. Five, six weeks ago. So I'm just going to do a high position. Cool. Yeah, I'm healthy. You just should be. Probably don't want to load that super. Okay. The bad news is you might not have one of these around. The good news is the Bar costs like 250 bucks. So you could easily harass your gym owner and the getting one. Right here's the thing. You may not be flexible enough to go all the way down to touch the Camberd. But that's not the point. The point is to take your peck through as big of a natural stretch as they can under load. Remember, stretch under load has been now illustrated pretty convincingly to be a potent stimulator of hypertrophy, maybe one of the most potent. In a barbell bench press, which is a great lift down here your pecks could be really stretched. But maybe there's one, two or three more inches that they could go lower and stretch. You can do that with dumbbells, but once the dumbbells get big enough, it gets hard to get them out to outside of your chest. For this lift, we can get the combination of the stability and control of a barbell with the depth and stretch of an actual dumbbell or push up or whatever machine variant that you'd go below your chest. This is the killer. It is probably in my view, one of the most stimulating chest exercises of them all, not for everyone, but for most. So this would be really mindful as you approach failure that you're going to have the tendency to kind of cave. That's where the big chest is most important. And the cause, keep it open. Yep, yep. My, under control. Good. Come on. Good. Holy centric. Pause. Good. Come on. My peck. Mmm. Control control control. Pause. Go, pause. Good. Come on, Pete. You got this. Big chest. Chest started to see it like, come on. Good. Make it roll. Come on. I got you. I got you one more. Under control. Under control. Pause. Grab a part. Come on. Push. Push. Push. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. I'm a calf failure. So the thing about the cambered bar bench is in something like a chest machine or a dumbbells, even regular barb of a person to sum extent. You get a really good stimulus. Just by lying down and just kind of bench it. With the cambered bar bench, you want to make sure to milk it out as much as possible. And the best way to milk out an exercise is before you go to the gym. It's before you arrange your technique for that exercise. You have to ask yourself, what is the purpose of the exercise specifically? How is that purpose being accomplished? The purpose of course, estimulating chest muscle growth. How with me and accomplish in the cabbabar bench is to stretch the pecks maximally under load. If that's the purpose, we want to line our docks up in a row to make sure we're attending to that purpose, facilitating to that purpose, and not working with cross it and against it. So if you simply bench like this, that's fine. What you want to do in the cambered bar bench is raise your chest up a little bit. That aligns your strong external fibers into the movement. And you're going to take your scapulae and you're going to slide them back in a little bit down. The down is not as important as the back. Your chest is up. It already look at how much pre-stretching I'm getting in my fibers. Once I do that, not only does this keep my shoulders tucked away and much safer on a cambered bar, which really explosion their high range motion. It allows me to pre-stretch my pecks and then the cambered bar does the rest. All right, good techie care. No worries, no rush. Do you jump? Yes. Little bit longer pause. Do you jump? Yes. Yes. That's up. If you pause, no next rep will feel worse. That's what we want. We want to see. Let it see. Good. I can't look at that range. You know what it's closing on the bottom? He's out. I'm at the bottom. He's out. Yes. One more. One more. Last one. Big stretch. Up. Go. Go. One more. You got another one. One more. Reach. Reach. Up. My part. Go. Go. Go. Go. Lock it. So. Little wiggle never hurt anybody. Good stuff, man. Pumped? Yeah. For sure. Taking the extra time to let it see. I think you're in the bottom. Yes. Yeah. I think you're getting really close to your chat scene. I'm sure if you did this enough times. You're going to be touching your chest. It's a great mobility exercise. Increasing your emotional wrong. Huge. So what these guys are saying is at the bottom of the lift, there's a tendency to try to just stay there and hold it. What you want to do from muscle growth is consider doing this. When you get to the bottom of the lift, be it machines, be it dumbbells, be it. That's what pushups, be it cambered bar. And at the bottom for one second instead of holding it at the bottom. Let your shit sink deeper. That painful extra stretch at the bottom is the definition of stretch under load. Also from a range of motion, increasing range of motion, first, first effective. Right. Like if you're limited on range of motion, like say, I mean, in this in the bench, for example, in his first couple sets, you know, without the sinking, he wasn't coming as deep. He came down, caused sunk a little lower. And now his. Not active range of motion. He's able to come down. Right. And putting himself in an even more stretched position with the same load. And that probably just means more muscle growth. I mean, if you think about it, your muscles are stretching at the very most intense load that they're going to experience. There's just not a much theoretical growth mechanism that's left over after that. And you're tapping into every fucking thing that's like, Yeah, I mean, you're talking about not smolankening. It's the most stimulus. Yeah, I'm saying, it tissues huge. And so you're missing out if I don't hit that extra three inches of wrong with the fact just fucking rips around the floor. Yeah, that's the good raw. Yeah, that's that good good. For the bar. Good. That's the bar. That's the bar. I think. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Fuck. My feet. Tanner control. Let's go. One more. Holy centric. Nice to slow chest towards the bar. Come on. Good. Plus, plus, plus, plus hard. Got you. Oh, that's it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's I think it's important to get into like, uh, at first you'll resist this kind of thing because your ego is attached to how much weight is on the bar. Yeah. And it's physically painful to do. So you're like, fuck this. But then if you like over time convince yourself that the painful debilitating stretch that I'm feeling, exposing my muscles to it is the thing I want. Producing the outcome. Yes. Then at some point you start to think, wow, it's there's an internal guidance system I have of what is right and what is not right. If I'm caving away from the bar and resisting the pain, it doesn't feel right anymore. We're used to be like, oh, yeah. I want to get away from it. You don't want to get away from it. You don't want to get away from it. You want to get into the pain. And all of a sudden, it's same thing with hacksquots letting your knees come over your toes. Yeah. Slowly your clots start to tear and you're like, oh, this is a good thing. This is what I want. Alright folks, that's it for Camber Bar stuff. We're going to go ahead and do more stuff, but this is it for this video for now. Catch the full workout. It'll be a link here for you already. Have it. If not, go catch it later. Hopefully you took some good take home tips and remember quality first quantity layered on top. Best of luck in your own training. Thank you.