You care about your growth, but history was never your best subject. Don't worry. You've forgotten. Six, 80s exercises will get you jacked. We will help you remember. Come with us to the 80s. Music You might remember parts of the 80s. The awesome hair styles and make-ups, the Wall Street, business suit types, and even the... Well, let's just get to it. The snow, the nose, candy, the fun powder. The eye feel more like me than I've ever felt. Drug, cocaine. You were thinking it. Scott's video guy was definitely thinking it. Max, the editor of boy, is like, well, she was Mr. I didn't know people needed any more help to have fun. Mother's love and understanding. Don't worry. He'll be reprimanded for his positive attitude. Then you will be reprimanded for your historical ignorance. Let's get into these six exercises. And the first one's kind of crazy. Music Behind the neck, lat pull downs. When you take the lat pull down and you put it, I'll tell you where you can put it, behind your neck. What are you trying to do with this exercise? Guys, it's just variation. If you're pulling to the front, that's amazing. It's totally cool. If you pull to behind the neck, sometimes you can get a little bit even more kind of serratus. Activation, get the maryblet muscles going. When you're really lean, those are really cool to look at. It does hits your lats really well. There's only one caveat. Two. Caviot, rather. Caviot number one, make sure that this exercise feels okay and your joints. It gets really weird on your shoulder joints stop. A lot of people don't do this because it is weird on the shoulder joints. But some people can pull it off and then it's a great exercise. And that's the second caveat. Even if it feels okay and your shoulder joints, make sure you're chasing a bit of a pump, a mind muscle connection, a bit of tension. If it's just an exercise you do for lalls, you never who really feel that good of a connection with it, you could just stop doing it. But for those who like it, it's absolutely another option. And as far as bar placement, you can put it just beneath your hairline. You can put it all the way down on the very bottom of your neck. Some people even like to touch kind of in their rear-belt area if they're really flexible. Hold there for just a split second. Engage your lats on all your pulley muscles, slowly ride the eccentric back up to the top. I would say for rep ranges, and nothing under 10 reps is a good idea here. 10, 15, even 20 reps sets are A-OK. There was apparently a power lift here in the 1980s named Mike McDonald. And he was legendary in his pressing strength. More or less raw, he benched over 600 pounds, weighing around 200-11 pounds, numbery serves. Which is kind of insane. And what he could do was do this exercise, I'm going to show you the straight arm dumbbell fly, with the 100 pound dumbbells for sets of 10. What in God's name does that mean? Means he had big ass pecs. He were really strong. This exercise also hits your biceps aton because they're at their fully stretched position across two joints. It's actually a good bicep move. Very much you want to ease into this exercise. Don't do anything crazy. Make sure your shoulders feel OK. Your elbows feel OK. Don't get in same with the weight. Start with sets of 10, sets of 15, slowly work up, and try to go for maximum depth. Holding for one or two seconds at the bottom to get that awesome stretch. That stretches everything. This exercise won't let you feel your pecs as much as if you bent your arms because it takes tension puts it on the biceps instead. But bicep plus pack there. Perfect physique. Count me in. All right, folks. The next exercise that we broke out of a time capsule from the 1980s, the ran around the lab. It was confused. It was screaming a lot. We sedated it. We woke up. But still ran around screaming. We had to put it down. But we learned it so you guys can have it too. This is an exercise you might have seen. The regular gyms, bros, use it nowadays, but it's not super common. It is the super-rom lateral, but with momentum on the concentric. The thing about lateral raises, if you do them strict, is that as soon as you can't get any more concentric reps, the set is over. But your eccentric strength is much higher than your concentric. So you're if you were to able to get these dumbbells up to the beginning of the eccentric, you could ride them out nice and slow, contracting those side delts, really getting some nasty growth. So with these momentum laterals, what you're going to do, is you're going to bend at the hips all the way down like this, rock at the dumbbells into mid-air. But then the really important thing is as soon as they're up, control the descent. Control. Control. Control. You're trying to use a lot of momentum on the way up. But zero momentum and full control on the way down. These are really tough. What you can do as a cool modern 80s combo is get the Dodge Viper, no it's the 90s. Anyway, you get as many four-range of motion, controlled, concentric, and the center crept as you can. As soon as you can't do it anymore, breathe it out, and then start cheating that ass off, and then control. Big move, and I can control. And then just a few seconds of time, you're going to have bigger delts. To behind the Mac press, you used to be a goded exercise from back in the 80s. The best power lifter of all time, Mr. Ed Cohen, has actually behind the Mac press, 405 pounds before for a rub. Which makes sense because he benched like 550 with no shirt. Crazy crazy crazy stuff will you get enormous strength and doubt size with a behind the Mac press. You can, as long as you keep your shoulder safe. If you can do the full range of motion with limited weight, and you have no pain, you're good to increase the weight slowly, and it's a great exercise like every other. If your shoulder feel funky or popular, clicky, blub, blub, blub, if your shoulders feel poppy or funky or clicky back there, I couldn't bother with this exercise. Tons of other great fish in the sea. And I'm using that as a dating analogy. So if you're tired of making out with fish, that don't appreciate you, you need to have a sack of dirty, disgusting fish. There are more fish in the sea if we do other sacks that we're. What do you think of the hell came up with that analogy? Let your elbows and shoulders track naturally, let the movement feel as good as possible, and definitely make sure to dip your head low at the bottom. Nothing crazy or jerky under control, but nice and low, and touch the very bottom part of your neck if you can hold for one second, slowly ease the barbell off and then accelerate. If you want to get into some deep shit, bounce that out of the hole. I have three things to tell you about for this exercise. First, sometimes the way you want to make love to one another, it needs more machinery, which is why you get SNM gear like this. I'll show you how it works in a second. Don't tell my mistress I'm around here because I ran away. I'm so naughty today, you guys. The other thing is, yes, this really is how much hair I have growing on my body. I don't like it. I didn't sign off for it. Thanks Ashkenazi genetics in a lifetime of day steroids. Steroids aside, this is an exercise that didn't in the 80s when they also had steroids. The one and only arm blaster. The big advantage with the arm blaster comes in two forms. The first form of the advantage is that really lets you push your elbows forward, and doesn't let you pull your elbows back. That means every single time this turns into an early, very much bicep isolator exercise. Which is super valuable. But the real value of the arm blaster was that it pushes your triceps forward and out, which makes your arms look enormous so that you can look at passerby ladies and go, excuse me, have you noticed the huge my arms are the help me touch me, look at me, Harry ons, I picked it on smell, I picked it on smell like a combination of like a Turkish bathhouse and like when the golden receiver doesn't get into the lake but it falls asleep and the nasty mud, why the from the lake it's in the hair. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Scott said it was too short so I'd have to use technique to compensate. Luckily I'm used to that sort of thing. Let me tell you about the technique here. You want to maintain a nice rigid back. You do not want to do any swinging with this device. You want to stand straight up and only use your arms. It might help too. If you lean back against a wall because that wall leaning even if your feet are a little bit out in front can help make you super super upright and only allows you to use your arms. The thing is you can forget the ego and this exercises. Much weight as you can lift, it won't be much. The whole ego with this exercise is wrapped up and doing it in front of a mirror so you can see how good your arms are. You guys ready for this? Like hold up, hold up. X-Men. Yeah. Yeah. My heart, you can't just access it. You need to write magic spells. Max, don't you play magic? Gathering? I should show you like that. Don't you dare. I don't dare. Hand tie. He's in the hand tie. Max, the editor boy isn't a hand tie. It's all in. All in. Every time. Hand tie. What about hand tie guys? We shoot a hand tie theme video. No dude. We're in the real world. Fuck. Our last exercise from the 1980s before we well close the wormhole to the 80s before dropping a mucedown and they're I'm kidding the 80s you would break is the wide grip guillotine bench. Like many exercises from the 80s not for the faint of heart. If you have shoulders constructed out of female genitalia is probably not a good idea that you do this exercise. However, you have strong sturdy shoulders. The kind that you would find in a man's basketball locker room with everyone's name. If you have strong sturdy shoulders, this is an exercise that is awesome. It is wide grip. It annihilates your pecs in two ways. One is the wide grip. Angles most of the forces in your pecs very little in your triceps and two the guillotine component means you're touching just on your which stretches your pecs at a very wide angle and very deep at the same time. It is critical in this exercise that you go under control that all times take a full pause right at the bottom and ease up out of the movement instead of exploding up out of the movement. If you do this exercise wrong, snap city is where you're going to be residing for the next several months. If you do this exercise properly, then one of those super hot A's just lightly drold up bitches is going to come visit you in the middle of the night. You're going to make out. You're going to be kissing all up on her and you're going to be like she's got an atom's apple but I'm totally cool with it. Scott love that one. He's really sick. Hey ladies, I was just kind of playing competitive basketball on a court with a hoop with other men of which I'm a high rank and respected and I kind of just noticed I have a controller here. What's your number or whatever? Do you have like a DM icon handle? Anyway, on side of me hitting on a camera, this has been great. The 80s were dope. The vibe is very amazing and we can have an 80s of red asons as long as you pay attention to the tension and your muscles and the burn and your muscles and make sure that your joints are doing A okay and if they are, these exercises are awesome to try. Why do you even find yourself upside down waking up in a police station after a crazy night about white, white, and that good good. Which actually, well, not a side. I'll be right back. All right guys, I had a ton of fun. That was really fucking awesome. It just feeling everyone today and everyone's my friend. I just want you guys a tune in and click on this video up to the link of the description. I got to go. music Don't called the dragbox folks. Uh, three, uh, yeah.