This is one of these situations where I questioned my sanity while diving deep into the research of a very well-known supplement called Tercesterol. This plant compound is equivalent to Deca, essentially. This time, the Echysjaron groups did experience significantly better muscle gains than the placebo, but their findings simply don't add up. The Covenine Neutral Picks depot decided to test the Gorilla Mines Tercesterol, they absolutely did not measure up. I believe the study was done on purpose. On purpose to show that there would be no statistically significant difference, but why would they do that? Getting a letter from the FDA is not over small things. If they send you a letter, it means you stop big time. And judging what that letter, there is a lot of suffering. And if you're really in humans, do we see those kind of outcomes? No, we don't. We see outcomes similar to two and a half milligrams, the five milligrams of anobar. For a over-the-counter product, it's a very promising thing. Look at what's happened in the history of the world. You really trust the studies. There's been a lot of hype around these supplements over the past few years, but let's take a couple of steps back, why the hype? Existereges are essentially naturally occurring hormones in plants and insects, paused. Scott, how many plants and insects do you know that are jacked? Thank you and video. Thank you so much. Alright. There's mechanistic evidence suggesting that Acti steroids can influence muscle growth through many various different mechanisms, but they act differently to anabolic steroids, which act through the adrogen receptors. Okay, interesting. There was a study published in 2019, warm study. One study, looking specifically at a gesterone, what they did in that study, that was a wide-up-funded study. They took a bunch of trained lifters, 46 if I remember correctly, 10 weeks, and they had two groups that took a testosterone, and one control group that didn't take much. They all did power lifting style training, and they took different dosages of a testosterone, and they assessed muscle growth via BIA, biolectical impindance analysis, which is a very small degree of precision. Yeah, for the audience, the scales that you see in many commercial gyms, or even the commercial scales that you can buy for your house, that are supposedly very accurate at tracking your body composition. They are not very, very sensitive to changes in water. You could literally go from one day to the other, and see that you've gained or lost muscle mass, and they give you an estimate of fat-free mass, non-necessarily regional hyperhperch fee, as you would with an ultrasound, or whole body hypertrophy with an MRI machine, which costs thousands, or a dexum, maybe. Or a dexum. Anyways, they took these men for 10 weeks. They didn't control their diet whatsoever. Nor did they have any suggestions for what they should do with their diet. After the 10 weeks, the groups that took a testosterone, saw increases in body weight, because they were likely eating more. Increases in strength across three groups, and BIA, the biolectical impindance analysis, showed that the groups that took a testosterone gained around five pounds of muscle somewhere around that bulpard, in 10 weeks, in 10 weeks. In 10 weeks, in trained lifters. And then what I was like, well, this clearly works, we will ban it. And even the title of the study has something along the lines of ex-distarides as a non-conventional and a ballic agent. So that study comes out in 2019, and essentially gives ex-distarides out of hype. Banned by water, impressive results in 10 weeks. But obviously, we're talking about results that have a huge question mark right next to them, because BIA body weight changes, you know, diet air control. So it could have been it, could very well be that a testosterone in that study actually did cause muscle, gain, robustly, and strength gain, and it could be that it is an effective supplement. But one not particularly well controlled study is not grounds for really conclusively saying this thing for sure grows muscle. We would need more studies, some of them preferably better controlled. A hundred percent plus here's the kicker, and that study specifically, the supplement that we're supposed to contain a hundred milligrams of ex-distarone per serving, only contains six. So you're saying it's even more at a ballic. Exactly. That would be the twist there, right? But typically, a testosterone is not pharmacogenetically known to cause anabolic effects, or predicted to cause anabolic effects at six milligrams, like the good reasonable dose is more like a hundred. Yes. Okay. So like this is one of these things where if you try to prove that creatine is effective, and you had a study showing you gain five pounds of muscle, but people took a quarter of a gram of creatine per day, you would be like, whatever results you think creatine did, it's just under power to do this. Yes. The time where you could go, this may be even more potent, would be if they had really robust muscle high-perch fee assessment methods, let's say they used ultrasound, they had a larger sample, they controlled for diet, matched protein, and obviously reasonable amount of a duster and there. Yeah, but even if they didn't, yeah, even if they didn't, so basically so far, that study has suffers from basically three kinds of significant limitations. Limitation number one is that it was wildly underdosed, even for theoretical mechanisms of it, we would be curious how that would work. Two is that it has various internal validity design flaws. And three, that is actually just one study, and so drawing very robust conclusions to apply in the real world, like making supplements for sale, is a curious thing to do off of one study and highly not recommended. Yes. So far so good. Clearly there must have been a few dozen other studies, or at least a few other studies, which showed that Tercasterone gives you veins in your eyeballs, level of vein jacked, hashtag vein vibes, pack. Who's that guy? Oh, I think he took out the mask. He took the, let me see your grill song very literally. It doesn't matter who we are. I loved that song. What matters is a plan. I want to get a lot of stuff to put on. The Greek National Team Jersey from 2004, baby. That's a great question Mike, because we're not even a two-kestern yet. We're at the restaurant. And but it's important to set that context, because then there was another study in Petri dish, where they saw in some muscle cells, some activity that could potentially hand at some effect towards high-perchery, very optimistic. But obviously we need human study. We need human studies in order to actually verify. We're at least really good like animal studies, you know? Or at least that. But even then, as we know based on the hierarchy of evidence, there are steps. You start with Petri dish, animal studies, and then you slowly work your way up to multiple human studies, randomized control trials, so you can confidently say, yep, this compound works well. But at this turn, and that study specifically, for the turkestern scam, if I may call it that, oh, shouts fired. I'm not sure what the legal definition of scam is, so don't assume me. That has been understanding. I'm misunderstanding. When it comes to turkestern, we have a 2024 study that looked at acute effects on things like IGF1 and metabolism, insulin-like growth factor 1, which is highly anabolic, and metabolism, which is both a sum of all catabolic, and anabolic reactions. Continue. Where they gave a bunch of turkestern to a few months. A bunch of sorobostos. Yeah, well, supposedly a thousand and two thousand milligrams. Lone story short, but we're no differences, but that sort of studies again, a proof of concept study to slowly build upon. There was also study by Hosse Antonion, he's lab that looked at supplementing turkestern for, I think, eight to ten weeks again, but they also used BIA to assess body composition. They found no difference between turkestern and placebo. Okay. Here's the kicker, the extra kicker. There's a lot of plot twists here. This was back in the day where there was a big turkestern scandal. So for the people that don't know, turkestern was all the hype, based of the Ecti steroid hype and that single study we mentioned, people started selling it, promising it will give top results. Then this scandal broke out that most, if not all, of turkestern that was commercially available, was not real turkestern, it didn't contain turkestern. A lot of the, like the famous products. So that study was dismissed because essentially the criticism was one BIA methods, whatever, but also, oh, there was no real turkestern around in the market. So the brand that they used didn't contain turkestern. Fair. This doesn't disprove turkestern. Okay. Fair critique. There was another study by the same group. Published in 2025, found the same thing, similar design, small sample, lots of limitations. This time with real turkestern. This time with real turkestern, supplied by coach Greg specifically. It was. Oh, cool. What is in this real turkestern now? He had the real thing and she had a back and forth with the lead researcher, Jose Antonio. That's based on what Greg said. Because that study doesn't exist anymore. Retracted. I don't know. It is not on the journal website. There's no, there's no signs of it anywhere. Well, I searched on the, the researchers profile. The, their Twitter accounts, the journal page. I, the only evidence of that study existing was a screenshot on a video Greg made criticizing the study. Rightfully pointing out some, some good criticism. But it's the same criticisms applied to the little bit of evidence we have for ex-distarides. So the use of BIA, small sample size, Yara, Yara, Yara, Yara. Believe it or not. When it comes to turkestern and research, that's all. That's it. That's what we have right now. Are you serious? That's it. Well, so it was actually no study that illustrates turkestern works. And there's one not so great study that illustrates that it doesn't work. Yes. So that's why I said, I at the beginning that this led me to sort of question my own sanity. Because I was aware that turkestern was mostly hype because I had seen the research back in the day, back in the day. I mean, like three, four years ago. And I had not heard any respective voices in our field, mentioned it. I, I consume a lot of evidence based content. A bit of higher level evidence based content. Keep up with it. Research, Yara, Yara, Yara. But I thought, okay, it's all the hype again. It's being sold. It's real to Kestern. Now surely we'll have a few, a couple, three, something. We'll have some studies showing that it's effective. But to my surprise, and no matter the deep dive, there was nothing else. The main reason why this is hype is the classic marketing trick of you get a ex-days guarantee. You're mining back, refund, whatever. If it doesn't work, if you don't see results. From what we've seen in the literature, with the two classic placebo studies, steroid placebo studies, where they told competitive power lifters and trained collegiate level athletes that they were taking steroids. Those people were told that we're taking steroids. They weren't. They weren't. And they made significant strength gains, even though they were pretty strong already. And this is placebo. Versus placebo, yeah. But they were also reporting, feeling much better, training going well, hitting PRs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So the idea that, oh, okay, if it surely works, if that person is selling it and is telling me that if it doesn't work, I'll give you your money back. But the funny thing is that you look at abelts, ab creams, any sort of gimmick. You're like, wait a second. Yeah. They also do the money back guarantee. Everybody. Now the money back guarantee as a business practice is excellent because you're not trying to rip people off. You really didn't like it. You get your money back. But as a marketing tool, can make people think that, well, if they're offering money back, if it doesn't work, then it clearly must work, which misses two things. One is the placebo effect. And two is the amount of friction you get from getting your money back. It gets $30 and you have to fill out a form online for two hours and send something off of the mail. Like, that's already two hours of your time. So if you make anything more than $15 an hour, it's literally worth a few to just never bother to get your money back. Yes. So that's kind of another big thing. Yeah. It's a kind of a kind of an app. And you can click one button and you get your money back. Okay, fine. Even then, most people don't do it. So it's a great business practice, but it's the same thing about the effectiveness of the product. Yes. And it's funny because it comes back to, okay, we're using testimonials as evidence, while also criticizing and rightfully criticizing some of the evidence shown in the effect. Right. Which is fine. And those treatings are fine. But then we can't say, okay, we'll put so much stock on people's, like I review on a website, where you don't know, co-founders of their background, where there was actually any progress, no measurement of progress, yada yada yada. And also you can't account for the sea, but also it's selection bias. I could be a world in which, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test, but then at that point, the person who dropped it shouldn't pass and whatever he passed. Yeah, this is my really great trajectory. If you make this up, what is going on here, it certainly will remain true. People who will be on the other side of the road, would live like light focused on your journey. So if everyone gets there to their entrance, why don't you just let me know? Because it will be subject to re sulphatism and you may not get anything you need to focus there ... That doesn't exactly sell. So here I am selling my new supplement. Pax, try it. Pax, air. I want it all scum. You want to buy equity? It may work. You never know. The funny thing though to go back to your castroon is that all this is not new information, which was shocking to me. Jeff Nippard had broken down the research, which remains the same, even though he did it like three years ago. So the newer research basically was like, eh, yeah, and the new research was the one study. The two studies that showed nothing. The one study that was retracted or mysterious that disappeared. And then the other study that was like nothing's happened. Yeah, and the IGF one where it was at night cute study blah, blah limitations. But even then. So there were two studies that showed null findings. One study that showed. Not also null findings, but it was mysteriously disappeared from the internet. Yeah, I don't know what it was. Do we assume that that study was just like kind of like walking down a city street at night, looking down at its phone. And like just like like like, you know, the Scott, what's that called the stuff you use on women all the time? chloroform. Yeah, it appears that way, but this is weird. And I'm not pointing any fingers. I don't know what happened. Maybe it wasn't never published and like Greg got a screenshot before it was like, I don't think Greg's making up screenshots. He's no, no, no, I'm not saying that. No, no, for sure. So I'm saying like probably came out somewhere preprinted somewhere announced in media, but never the screenshot was from the journal website, which is MDI journal, so I'm very familiar with it, branding. And have you tried to reach out to their editorial staff? No, but it wasn't nowhere to be found on the website. Googleing the exact title yielded zero results. That's tough. And on no researchers page, even on research data or Google's goal, I could find any signs of it existing. So we're talking about a supplement with no evidence that is making a shit on a money, lots of people buying it, some swearing by it. But as it stands, it is 95, 98% hype and 2% evidence. And yeah, I don't know how to feel about that, especially when people have been told. So I thought this sit down, I was expecting to come up with a bunch of new studies and break them down and be like, yeah, you know, since the whole scandal, there's been like 10 studies and you know, some show something, something, but I found myself essentially relicking at the same literature that B.W. had exposed a bunch of years ago, plus two studies with null findings. I used to clown on this research practice, this publication practice that I really didn't like. I still don't like it, by the way, I'll clown it in again. And it's the publication practice of having an insufficient amount of creativity to write a proper conclusion to your article that you're publishing in peer review. And just falling back on the trope of, while this evidence is interesting, more research is needed. I used to read this in like the 160 fifth creatine on female soccer player study. I'm like, no, no, world hunger still is not solved. We do not need any more money to fund creatine studies. We don't need any more research. We really kind of know how it works. In this case, it's a supplement that's selling a lot. And I think the people selling it would really be interested in researching it because they think it works. And the research find out at works, hey, then the money train ramps up. So I think it's an everyone's interest to do some more research on tracastro. You know what I mean? It's really, we would love to see more research conducted on tracastro. But that's also like I'll slightly push back because the only reason we want to see research on tracastro is because of the hype that's been built on to caster and being effective based on the hype of equity steroids based off the one mess study. So when it comes to like a hint that a this shit might work, that hint is not really there. We semi created that. Yeah, agreed. So when we push back again, okay, it's got get the boxing gloves. Then we can take another position. We can take two simultaneous positions. This is going to be a quantum interposition here. I must be Trump. Yes, two perspectives, both of which are worthy of research, perspective one, the people selling this supplement that hashtag clearly works would like some evidence to show that it works. So they can really push back, like push into these claims. And then call it evidence based and cite the studies. This is great. The other perspective of people who think it maybe doesn't work is let's do research to just prove this. So we can save people a whole bunch of money and hope. They don't have to buy tracastro anymore and think they're going to get jacked. When in fact, three good studies later, the evidence is clear that it is not making people jacked. Both are good reasons, right? At the end of the day, we just don't know. So more research is exactly designed for things like this where we don't know. Yeah, I agree. The issue there is the disconnect between our world and the world of academia. I think you're going to say like the secret vampire underworld. Oh, that is our world. Ah. I think there is a disconnect because like an academia, like that's what a lot of people in our space don't realize. They're like, oh, why aren't you guys going and doing this? It's like, it takes time money and in many cases, there's other projects or stuff that there is research showing that, hey, it's worth looking into this. Versus, let's not look at the supplement that people are buying similarly to abbelds or whatever else scamp product you want to call. But whoa, hey, whoa. Look, until we have multiple well controlled studies in humans showing that to a casher on, produces a meaningful effect on muscle growth and muscle growth being assessed with direct measures of assessing muscle growth like ultrasound. I would urge people to save their money. Obviously, do as you like, if you want to support your favorite creator, what, abs? I do that on another website. Yeah, called mostly friends. Mostly fan base people. But until then, chill and also keep the same energy with other supplements. If you're going to buy their casher on, buy my supplement, pack air as well. I swear it works. Mike Swar's it works. He also holds equity. I'm a scientist too. Yeah, he's a scientist, PhD. Here's a bunch of testimonials called the video guy. Here's a mixture of work for the editing team. And the video testimony looks like just off camera or putting a gun to his head. He's like, I also love air pack air. I love it. I love it. The camera goes off. Like, I'm at another satisfied customer. Pack rapid out for us to a guest room. A lot of evidence. If any save your money is my personal opinion, based on the current literature, creating one of hydrid remains your best over the counter supplement, slightly boosting muscle growth. Yes. And that's that. Thank you so much for listening and having me. Pack, it's been great. Having you guys, thank you for tuning in. Link in the description for pack air. You can be the first person in America to breathe true Greek and Ebola care. See you next time.