When you're about to bench press or strength, you want each rep to feel as easy as possible. When a power lifter does a set of five with a new PR weight and he racks the weight and goes, that was easiest. His bodies are like, yes, that's success. But imagine in hypertrophy training, finishing a PR of leg press, rack in the weight, be like that was easiest. Your buddies are going to be like, uh, cool, why did you leave the machine? This is what you want to say to your hypertrophy training, buddies, is to finish that leg press of like dude, my quads are cooked. That's winning at hypertrophy training. So if you want to train for both at the same time, you might have to make some choices one way or the other that don't optimize one or the other thing. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. There is a technique difference between size and strength training that most people miss. Not because they're bad people, although many of them are actually bad people for no related reason. It's because folks get the two size and strength training very mixed up. And that's usually okay because they're both amazing. However, one little change in mentality and approach, especially as you get bigger and stronger and more advanced, can be a big deal for maximizing your muscle growth and in the other direction, a big deal for maximizing your strength gain ability. Let's take a look. Starting from the commonalities between size and strength training, which I want to emphasize are massive. The cross sectional area of your muscle, if we cut your bicep, this is terrible, down the middle, and scope into it and see how thick it is, that is the single biggest determining factor for size. It's the only factor for size and it's the biggest determining factor for strength. If you have a bigger muscle, it is going to be stronger, period, and muscle size in an absolute sense is like a car engine. Not all the eighths produce faster cars than v6s, but on average, the engine size is going to be the biggest determining factor. So cross sectional area, muscle size is a big deal, but in strength training, other factors come into play. The degree of brain and spinal and peripheral nervous system activity can help you become much stronger, even though it doesn't really affect your size at all. That's how compound lifters are often similarly sized, driven, small than bodybuilders, but they can lift more because their nervous systems are there to give you as much possible strength from that same amount of size as you can. And there are also architectural factors. It turns out that if you practice similar or the same lifts for a long time, weeks and weeks and months and months, your muscle fibers actually turn a little bit into the direction of force produced by that lift, which is why weight lifters who do lots of high bar squats are really good at high bar squatting because their nervous systems are really well trained for it. And because their muscle architecture shifts in direction and optimize their high bar squat, if you're a bodybuilder and you're doing leg presses, you're the leg extension, you're doing hacksquads, you're going to be really, really big and generally good at high bar squats, but that last 5, 10, 15% of strength is due to architectural and nervous system factors. And a 15% difference in strength is like you're a very good power lifter compared to your the best power lifter in the world. So nervous system and architectural factors add into strength training in a way they don't really add into size training. However, there are lots of other commonalities. And one of the biggest ones is both require you to train multiple times a week for the same muscle or movement and both require you to go hard. Or as Jeff Nipperd likes to say, haired. Jeff, I love you, but it just so happens that you're from eastern Canada and I don't want to say you people, you people talk funny and you're great because of it. Now in Michigan, we don't have an accent. Oh, we do. Don't we Scott? Yes, Midwest trash. Hello, instead of pillow, rough instead of roof, and we don't drink milk here, we drink often times milk. But Scott, do you know the only people I've ever heard say milk are our, our, our midwestern girls with a bowl rings. And so they can say whatever they want because they are gods and jellic children. Let's see that's hot. Super hot. There are differences in training approach between size and strength. There's lots of commonalities. There are some differences in what we're trying to train, but the approach is going to be a bit different. Here are some really core differences in training that's not getting to the big difference in mentality and technique. Exercise selection. When we're training our glutes for hypertrophy, I mean, we really want to target the glutes. So we asked the question of which exercise are really targets the glutes. We don't really care about how much weight is on the bar necessarily or what exercises use in competition. Because there is no competition. Our hypertrophy training is just the outcome we want. So like a front foot elevated Smith machine lunge is an amazing glute exercise. But in power lifting, for example, and training for strength, we want to train for specific movements because that's how we test them. So dead lifts are excellent movement that also stimulates plenty of glute hypertrophy. Good god, plenty of glute hypertrophy, but maybe not optimally, however, does make you really really good at dead lifts. That doesn't mean you can't do front foot elevated lunges for hypertrophy work for power lifting. It doesn't mean you can't do deadless hypertrophy, but at some point, you might have to make a choice on the margins and targeting specific muscles is the goal of hypertrophy. Targeting specific movements is the goal of strength. You want bigger shoulders for hypertrophy. You want to make overhead press for strength and things like that. The second difference is in repetition range. The best way to get directly stronger is to train between sets of three and sets of six repetitions roughly, somewhere in that range, plus or minus. Sets of three to six are amazing basic strength builders. And if you want to build muscle size that converts a very well to be made stronger, then sets of five to ten, a probably the best hypertrophy range for strength application. Like if you're a power lifting and you need bigger legs, because you want to squat more, building your big legs with sets of five to ten is going to convert to bigger numbers on your squat, then building your bigger legs with sets of ten to 15 reps, for example. So three to six and five to ten four strength and then the kind of hypertrophy that maps really well onto strength. However, four pure hypertrophy anywhere between sets of five and sets of 30 reps close to failure is a really good five hypertrophy and the distinctions within those ranges are very nuanced and very situations specific. So there's a much broader range of hypertrophy training reps and they don't tend to be as low as strength training reps. So if you want to train for both at the same time, you might have to make some choices one way or the other that don't optimize one or the other thing. And lastly, a big programming difference between hypertrophy and strength training is going to be volume. Strength training benefits from a lower fatigue environment. And it's a amount of systemic fatigue that it causes because lifting heavy is a special kind of dub to your nervous system and other things. You're not you're going to accumulate more systemic fatigue doing it so you can't do as many sets. You don't need as many sets and you can't do as many sets. So anywhere between five to 15 sets per muscle group and or movement per week seems to be optimized for strength training for most people. So if you do a sum total of eight sets of some kind of squat per week, you're well in that range. For hypertrophy training, it's really more like 10 to 30, especially more like 20 to 30 and specialized programs. So if your chest just isn't growing and you've been doing sets of eight for the chest or sorry sets of eight, eight sets per week for chest, it's a great way to get your chest strong for sure. But to get it to maximum size, you can't want to flirt over 10 and then considerably over 10 especially if you ease in. And more simple way to say this is in most cases, strength training is going to require considerably less volume than hypertrophy training. Sometimes by as little as half of the volume, hypertrophy training may require double the number of worksets that optimizes it versus strength training. So if you're training for both, again, you might have to make some trade-offs and say, what am I really training for in the next mesocycler two? I'm going to lean in to more high volumes, higher reps and so on and so forth and maybe movements that are more targeted to the muscle and less targeted to the overall exercise competency. However, here's the real place where this video kicks off with a real point you might not have heard before. And that is I've been struggling a lot and I can't express my feelings but for going on YouTube and being public with it. So I just wanted to say, out loud, I can't believe I'm doing this. I am in love with Scott the video guy. It's a romantic love, it's a sexual love, Scott. I love you too. That was nice. He's definitely not kidding. And I meant it. He, if he says he meant it, then he meant it. That's what my psychotherapist says always works. Here's the deal. Here's the big kicker. There is a difference in the goal as you approach any rep of an exercise with strength training versus hypertrophy training. And that goal is too fold for strength training. The goal is to move weight from point A to point B. For hypertrophy training, that goal is to stimulate the muscle. I sounds very similar but they're different enough for more advanced folks for to actually matter. In strength training, you want to use the technique and mentality that lets you lift the most amount of weight. In hypertrophy training, you want to use the technique and the mentality and I'll get to more about what those are later that hits the target muscle the hardest. Because remember on strength training, if you successfully squat 500 pounds, no one at the judges table asks you, did you feel it in your quads? Can you imagine that? We have Dylan the second camera child with us today. And you have a great thing to do. It's an awkward nickname, but we're working on it. Can you imagine if you did a squat? You're like, all right, I got 500 in the judges like, did you feel it in your quads? You're not really the red light in the squat. It's nonsense. It would never work like that. But if you did a lot of squat reps for hypertrophy and someone's I did your field, your quads are like, not really, well, that really is kind of a problem if you're trying to grow your quads. Because clearly some muscles are working, but your quads aren't the ones being pushed closest to the limit and they're not the ones that are going to be growing the most out of that movement. Maybe it's your glutes, maybe it's your adiatures, maybe it's your lower back. So here's another thing. The strength training approach to reflect those points makes the lift as easy as possible for however much weight you're using. When you're about to bench press for strength, you want each rep to feel as easy as possible. When a power lifter does a set of five with a new PR weight and he racks the weight and goes, that was easiest. His buddies are like, yes, that's success. But imagine in hypertrophy training, finishing a PR of leg press, rack in the weight, that was easiest. Your buddies are going to be like, cool, why did you leave the machine? Clearly you should be doing more reps or more load or doing a technique that exposes your target muscles more attention. This is what you want to say to your hypertrophy training buddies to your muscle growth buddies is to finish that set of leg press and be like, dude, my quads are cooked. That's winning at hypertrophy training. Those are different things. And so in size training, the size approach makes the lift as hard as possible for however much weight is used. You have a 20 pound dumbbell in your hands for curls. You're trying to make that dumbbell in the technique and mentality that you're using it as hard as possible on your biceps. Completely the opposite approach as for strength training, which is to make it as easy as possible to get from point A to point B and successfully complete the lift. If you mix those two at some point, you're not really sure what you're training for and for more advanced folks, that can be a bit of a problem because for strength training, then the kind of avoiding the muscle growth stimulus. And this doesn't happen often, but if you're trying to train for strength and you're really worried about which muscles are being activated, you are 1,000% overthinking the movement and you have to be athletic and smooth and coordinated instead. So to put this in other words, and kind of really unify these concepts, strength training follows the path of least resistance. With all of the muscles helping that could possibly help that lift. On the other hand, size training follows the path of most resistance for the target muscles. And we're not worried about what other muscles are helping and ideally not a lot of them helps. So that target muscle or muscles plural if it's two at a time that you're training have to be the ones bearing load, which is exactly the opposite of what you want in strength training. You want to spread the load out on strength training, you want to condense the load in hypertrophy training. That is a big deal for folks that are more advanced. How does this change their technique? How does this actually, where does the rubber hit the rope? For strength, you want to pick each technique of your lift to create the smallest individual range of motion at any joint as possible. All of the joints that you're doing, you want them to have the smallest range of motion and you want to avoid deep stretches at any of your joints. Think about what a conventional deadlift looks like, which muscle is getting a major stretch in the conventional deadlift. It's not your quads, you're a half squat position. It's not your adductors, they're not in a deep stretch. It's not your glutes, it's a half squat position. It's not your lower back because that's pretty straight. It's not even rounded over. There's almost no stretch on your lower back. And so there is no muscle getting a maximum stretch really on the conventional deadlift, which is a really good thing because muscles put into their maximum stretch are able to generate a lot of tension internally, but the external tension is much lower. And we don't want low external tension because external tension is the only thing that matters in strength training. So you want to spread the load out as much as possible and keep each muscle to as a little range of motion as possible. More muscles, each one operating at their strongest point instead of exposed at the very weakest point is how you submit enough to do as a much weight as possible. The opposite is true in size. The technique in size is to create the largest individual range of motion for the target muscle and to make sure that you position that muscle in a really deep stretch under load consistently. For example, this stiff leg at deadlift. In the stiff leg at deadlift, the glutes are working plenty. The quads are hardly working at all. The lower back's working not much. What's happening is the hamstrings are isolated. It's like some big dude walks up to you and for your friends are bar and he's like, hey you and everyone turns around. He's like, no, just you and the red shirt buddy, I have a problem with you. The rest of you guys are cool. Red shirt guys like Jesus Christ. He looks at his friends and it's like, I need to jump in. Did you say something to that? I'm not going to back you up. I guess you. And so you're the hamstrings and that example because you're like, shit, fellas, lower back, lower back. I got actually, I got to catch a new bar. I had a bad early work tomorrow. Glutes go to like, I best not my beef man. I promise you know, I was just wore an oath. Jesus Christ wasn't going to be fighting in bars anymore. Shekana on a hand from me last year and you're like, quads and quads is already out the door. Like, is it really just pretty much all on me? Yep, put in that super deep stretch and that's how we hit hamstring. See if you do three sets of eight with regular dead lifts versus three sets of eight with stiff leg and dead lift, stiff leg adults are going to nuke your hamstrings into in the atmosphere, but regular dead lifts, everything else got to get a little bit fatigued, but your hamstrings are like totally fine. If it's fatigued, does anything else. So we're putting them one muscle really gets a range of motion and one muscle gets put into a huge stretch position, which is why stiff leg dead lifts, you're never going to lift as much weight in a stiff leg and I've lift as you will with a conventional dead lift. One aster strength, the other one is for size. It's a big deal. It's a really big deal in context. Now, how do you harness the mind muscle connection to guide you to the right hypertrophy technique? Because you could say, okay, okay, I know to put the muscle in a large range of motion that's a target I know to put it under deep stretch and that's good enough already, but I also know that during the lifting process, our bodies are actually in our nervous systems are optimized to generate as much force as possible to pick things up as efficiently as possible, which is great. Because that means human learn strength training technique pretty fluidly, you teach them how to do the efficient technique that spreads the load of many muscles and they get it real quick and they can tell like when I'm inefficient I'm off-center, nothing good is happening. But your body tries to come back to that efficient technique where the hypertrophy training, when you're doing pack flies for example. You're really opening up your chest and really opening up your elbows to stretch your chest as you get more tired especially as you begin in your immediate, you're going to start to close that angle of your biceps. You're going to start to limit that chest range of motion and you're going to start to close in on yourself because your body's a shit shit. I have to survive this exercise and get as many reps as I can. I can't expose myself like this. This is inefficient, but remember, inefficiency in a sense is what we're trying to do when I hypertrophy training. So how do we use the mind muscle connection to do that? Well, with strength training, you want two things. Good technique, overall which is practiced, spreading the muscles, spreading the load to all the muscles, and monster drive and athleticism. If you're thinking about how your quads feel during squatting for strength, you're thinking about the wrong thing altogether. You need to be thinking good technique and then just pushing as hard as humanly possible. And you're going to know that that is what you're doing when you feel out the path of least resistance. If you're coming out of the bottom of squat and it feels really hard, but if you push your hips back a little bit and starts to feel easier, follow the easy technique. The easier the movement feels rep after rep after rep, the more you're winning a strength training because you're being the most efficient and can thus use the most amount of weight and get the biggest PRs. For size, good technique is reinforced by the path of most resistance. So if you're curling in a certain way kind of into your body that feels like it's easier, if you curl more of an arc and out of your body, you're like, oh, this is way harder, good, good. You're supposed to make the technique more difficult when I perturb your training for that target muscle. And there's another way to cheat the system here and really detect if you're doing a good job stimulating the muscle. It is to feel out the max tension in the target muscle. If you curl in a certain way, you're like, if you're feeling my forearms, my delts a little bit, biceps feel fine, and then you change your technique for the better, you're going to feel as crazy deep tension in your biceps. That is how you know your winning. For stiff-legged, that lifts and hamstrings. You're going to know when your hamstrings being hit because at the very bottom stretch, you're going to be like, oh my god, my hamstrings, feel that going to tear apart, that's what you want. And for higher repetitions and hypertrophy training, the muscle that is burning is the one that is probably getting the most load. So if you're doing lunges in a way that burns out your quads at home, but your glutes feel okay, you might consider your technique a little bit differently, lean a little bit more forward, keep your hips back and far away from you during lunges. And all of a sudden, your glutes start burning more, your quads start burning less, and you know every single rep, you're trying to get max tension through that target muscle. You're trying to get me maximum burn at the end of the set for that target muscle, and you're trying to do the exercise in such a way that the technique is more difficult and the target muscle is feeling at the same time. You don't want to do a technique that's so difficult that the target muscle doesn't feel in anymore. That's like some internal rotator in your shoulders that's doing all the shit. That's no good, but if you can combine maximum difficulty and maximum target muscle tension and maximum muscle burn at the end of a set, this is a triple checklist you can use to ask yourself, am I really doing good hypertrophy training technique? Yes. And if you have any three of those things that you're doing strength training, you're doing strength training wrong. Strength training means no one muscle ever feels at a time. It means the path of least resistance is maximum, and to be completely honest, it means you're not even thinking about what muscles are feeling what? You're thinking about re-open full childhood memories. If you implement this technique especially for your size training, in which you are trying to get into the path of most resistance, you're trying to feel that tension in the target muscle, and you're trying to feel the burn towards the end of the set, how is this going to affect your results in the gym? We'll check this out. You can absolutely strength train your weight to massive size. People empower lifting and strongmen do it all the time, but that will require you to use heavier loads, because you're optimizing for heavier loads, and not optimizing for getting as much hypertrophy out of lighter loads as possible. So you need to be working at time with heavy loads and growing a lot, but you could be growing more in using lighter loads instead. These heavier loads over time will add chronic wear and tear and multiply your acute injuries. So not only after a number of months, your elbow is going to feel a little bit more jelly, but any one time you do your maximum force production style, jam, press or skull crusher, you're more likely to risk pulling your tricep or something like that, or pulling your pack, where's if you do it hypertrophy optimization style, after weeks and weeks and months and months, your joints probably feel better, and any one rep is unlikely to injure you as much compared to that optimized strength feel. In addition to that, strength training, because it requires massive psychological activation and neural drive, because it's physically lifting as much weight as possible, it's going to lower your systemic maximum recoverable volume, because every single rep of strength training beats the shit out of you more. There's only so many reps and sets you can do until your body's like, I can't do this shit anymore, especially in nervous systems, like, I can't, I don't even want to come in here and do this. Whereas if you do hypertrophy style training, you can literally recover from more reps and more sets so you can pour more training down that funnel of growth and get more out of it. If you follow that hypertrophy technique and my muscle connection, maximum range of motion for the target muscle, deep stretch for the target muscle, maximum tension and burn for that movement path, and making that movement path the most difficult for that target muscle, then you end up reducing chronic wear and tear for the same growth, reducing acute injury risk for the same growth, and you can maximize your recoverable training volume, which means that you get more growth with all of those other bad things being minimized, and you're also in a bonus way able to focus on muscles that really you're not connecting with the tongue, because if you're trying to do rear delts, and you're like, I don't know man, stuff's just moving back there and you're doing them for strength, like it's got to get the 20s for set of eight. You're going to get some good rear delts growth, but if you really lens in in your mind's eye on that rear delts going through that big arc, tension in the rear delts, and a burn in the rear delts, then all of a sudden you might connect with your rear delts better and over time see more growth in a muscle that otherwise was not so great. So not only does hypertrophy specific technique maximize growth overall, it can let you target muscles that otherwise would just kind of be skipped over and not get as much of a stimulus. There's one downside to this type of training. There is a way around. You could focus so much on the feel that you prevent yourself from ever going super, super heavy, and you prevent yourself from making progress, because all you're doing is thinking about how this muscle feels, and you're losing track of the idea that you need to be training really hard and progressively so. Some people take this to the extreme, they say, make every make, you make even a lightweight feel heavy, and it's like, it's really so much you can trick the body and someone it just needs progressive overload to grow. So how do you combine this progression idea with the idea of a really deep focus on the mechanics of the movement that stimulate the muscle the most? Here's how. First, you want to track all of your loads and your reps and your sets. We do have an app for that. The RPI per trifi app, link in description. I love the app. I use it every day for training, and when I'm not training, I use it anyway. I just scroll through it and type stuff, delete stuff, you know, make some workouts for fun, manuals, I don't have any friends. Can you guys tell on a how any friends? So the app is great for that. Any other app is awesome to just make sure you track your ship. Why? Because every week or so, you're going to add two and a half pounds or so or one rep to each set. Now, you're always going to keep focused on the movement no matter what. So here's the thing. Every single rep you are focusing on maximizing that range of motion, on hitting that target muscle, on maximizing that tension, and towards the latter reps maximizing the burn as well. Absolutely, each rep 100%. However, each set, as you stack these great reps and great reps and great reps on top of each other, keep in mind you have a goal. You look at your RPI per trifi app and it's 15 reps at 97.5 pounds. It's not 14 reps at 92 pounds just because you felt like it that day. So what's going to happen is when you focus on every rep being awesome exactly how we discuss that deep mind muscle focus and you're doing the right amount of weight and challenging yourself to do a little bit more reps each week or a little bit more weight each week with no rep drop off. Your simultaneously doing the great technique that's going to optimize every reps had per trifi stimulus. And at the same time getting enough reps and sets to continue to challenge yourself so you don't fall by the wayside just kind of training on vibes. Vibes are amazing to train on as long as you have a hard cut off a hard minimum to go I have to hit this many reps and this many sets. And if you can't do it without sacrificing your technique, the set is over. That's failure. To be honest, if you start a few reps shy of failure and you progress through several weeks of training, you should be able to hit amazing technique, never sacrificing your technique and also make gains. Those two together are like peanut butter and jelly. They're like condoms and lube. They're like a daily party and no social media to expose your ass. The best combinations in the world. Scott do we have any other combos that are go to? Thank you now that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here's one last hit bit to kind of tie all this together. Your core guide that you can take in with you for hypertrophy training is follow the deep muscle pain. If I'm doing flies and I have searing pulling tightening radically expansive pain in my packs with each rep, I'm probably doing the right thing. If I pee oring on cable flies in my shoulder sort of feel it, but I don't really feel it in my packs. It's probably not the ideal way. Will it still grow you muscle? Absolutely. Physics is undefeated. You move once twice three times. You're doing good work. But for maximum stimulus and minimum fatigue that deep, discomforting, stretching, pulling and burning pain inside of your target muscle is the guide. So if you're doing a rep of squats and it feels kind of like, yeah, my quads are kind of slipping away. Do your next rep maybe a little bit slower. Push your hips forward at the bottom. Really open up your knees. You're going to feel it in your quads and it's going to suck more of that suck is what you're after because that is where the best growth comes from. At the end of the day, the philosophy here that you want to take with you to grow your training and muscle growth is if you feel more deep tension and more burn in the muscle by moving a certain way, lean in. If you feel it less by moving another way, don't do that for strength. That's great for hypertrophy. Wherever there is fire, there is you jumping into the fire. But hey, if you were a humanoid hot dog, the just wanted to please is the overlord master is by cooking myself in the fire. That's exactly what you want to do. And if you want your legs to look like running Coleman 2000, 3 over cook hot dog legs, lean into the deep pain, that deep range of motion of that specific hypertrophy technique. It's going to hurt. But at the end of the day, you'll be jacked and then finally come up to that one girl with the gym and realize you have no conversational skills at all. You sit at home and make YouTube videos and your life is arguably meaningless. See you guys next time.