I have tried to do better. Over the years, I have tried to change myself. So that I'm somebody else. Unfortunately, despite my best efforts, I'm still Dr. Mike Eusertel for Adisonspirization, and let's talk about the effects of the mirror on your technique. That's right. Does looking into the mirror while you train, improve your technique or does it degrade your technique? Unfortunately, this video is by definition discriminatory, and I'll be straight up guys. It's 2023, maybe when you see this 2024, even. And everyone is equal except for one group of people, vampires. I know that you can't see yourselves in the mirror, and so unfortunately this whole video just does not apply to you. On the plus side, you have pale skin and an ability set you sometimes confused for real power. Anyway, Dragon Ball Z references aside, is it okay to look in the mirror at my technique? I get asked this all the time by random people even in the grocery store. On the other hand, there are other people that seem quite convinced that looking in the mirror when you're altering your technique or trying to modify it is a very, very bad idea. And it turns out that both have a little bit of the truth in their pockets. So let's look at the downsides and upsides of using the mirror while you train. Mirror mirror on the wall, who's the jack-dist of them, big-rimey? Oh fuck. I can, you're supposed to say, I bought you off a magician and you're supposed to say, shit, it makes me feel nice. No, no, no. It's got what to fair tail is that from? Little red riding hood? No. No, why sleeping beauty? It's not white. Snow White. That's an honest fucking mirror. Do you want to be lifting in front of Snow White's mirror? That'd be dope because you'd be like, hey, like, that mirror's kind of like a GPT. Like, can you critique my technique? And it's like, yeah, yeah, sure. Like, you ought to put your knees out more. So in any case, unless your mirror talks to you, which is dope, is using the mirror a good idea. Well, there are downsides. There are distinct downsides for using the mirror for your lifting. One is that, yes, you can use the mirror to reinforce your technique. Like, when you're squatting in a Smith machine, you look at the mirror. You can make sure you keep your chest up, knees out, blah, blah, blah, blah. You can only dependably have your assurance of using your best technique when you have a mirror around. You see, you're still lifting with the mirror. And then you like traveling or something, you go to a gym, where it's a great Smith machine, or happens to be actually the same Smith machine. Use it home, but it's not next to a mirror. And there are no mirrors around. And you have your ventilate, a little bit. Okay, I'm going to be okay. But just do it. Just do it. You remember, and you're realizing, remember anything, because you start squatting or I'm like, god, I have no idea where my body isn't space. Definitely a possibility. And because of the fact that you now need the mirror and some respects to have your best best technique, even if you could do great technique without it, the idea that you become reliant on the mirror to some extent is true. And thus, competition lifters, especially as they approach the competition, power lifting for example, straw man weight lifting, definitely weight lifting. The mirror is an unstarter. So a lot of times, we're trained with my wife, and she was a competitive power lifter at the time. I would squat into the mirror. She would just turn around and squat away from the mirror. I was like, but this is a really good idea. In addition to that, another downside of training with the mirror is that you might focus on the wrong stuff. What do I mean by that? The mirror typically allows you or emphasizes your focusing on external visual cues. What am I needs doing? What is my chest doing? What is my back doing? What am I wrist looking like? But if you over-focus on external cues, when they really are the things that are lagging, amazing, it fixes a lot of stuff. But if you have some internal cueing problems, like am I using my glutes like I'm supposed to be? Am I feeling this in my quads? Am I standing and pressing really through my whole foot versus just my toes just to those kinds of questions that may actually can't help you with. And because your cognitive bandwidth is a roughly given amount, any cognitive bandwidth eaten up by you staring yourself in the mirror, and addressing maybe even notably deficient external cues, to your benefit, there's a certain amount of cognitive bandwidth that you just can no longer use to address internal cueing. And sometimes when internal cueing is the limiting factor or the main problem, then yeah, you might like be great at lifting externally. But someone's like, do you feel that on your quads? You're like, ah, I really just like, all my knees, I think, but I look in the mirror and my technique looks great. Ah, but looks, aren't everything as many the teacher told me when I went to the prom by myself every year. You know? But luckily, I met a lot of no one at the prom and no one danced with me. If you could go back in time and be my prom date, would you be a promicide, brush my teeth and say polite things? In any case, those are the downsides. What are the upsides? First, you can check your technique, midset, and adjust on the fly. Pretty fucking dope. You do a Smith machine squats, your chest starts to sink down, or drop and fix it. Right there in the middle of the thing. And point number two is you can play with different fixes, right there during the set instead of looking to video review because a lot of us now record everything that we do on our video cameras on our phones, specifically our lifting. I have a distinct number of lifts that go to Instagram as you may if you follow me on Instagram, see, and also if you're like, ah, Dr. Mike does seem to most all of us training. Like, forms, curls are never post almost calves are never post-wide because that's only fans content on the fuckers. You got a pay-flash shit. But either way, it's getting video tape. The thing with checking your technique of video tape is it's an incredible, incredible tool, but it's delayed. So while you are training and let's say incline benching, if you could see yourself in the mirror, you could correct technique after like one or two reps. And the rest of the technical execution is very good because you looked in the mirror a little of a jakey that touching the wrong spot on that one. But if you go to video review after a set, you already have one whole set of two things. One, doing the movement potentially wrong, which is like that sucks, so it's not ideal for your own idea for your muscles. No big deal, but not great. And two, the way motor learning works is every time you do a certain kind of technique, even if it's the wrong one, you reinforce those neural patterns and you're more likely to shift into that technique later. So you're actually learning the shit wrong. It's kind of like if you're hanging out with somebody who speaks English as a second language, and they're making a steak speaking to you. Let's say we're videotaping the talk. They could go back later and be like, ah, I should have said that other word. That's wrong. I was using the wrong tense there. That's fucking as shit. I'm an next time for later. But as they were speaking to you, they were practicing the conversation, so they were actually just learning to speak English wrong. Whereas if you rudely interrupt them halfway through the sentence and be like, you said that word wrong, I want to correct you. It's in some context and saying they rude, but another context and saying me helpful. But the neural network shit is absolutely valid. If a mirror allows you to catch yourself in the act, so to speak, what was I doing in that mirror, the police coming arrest you? And I know that was yesterday for me. Then you can fix the reps right away and then you can just practice the reps better. That means you're, let's say you archer back better. You get better feel for your quads, stay for free or spine, and you're learning to move better the entire time. So that's really, really, really good. And one of the greatest benefits of having the mirror is you pretend, well, that's actually two benefits. One of them's not on the slides. Scott, how we do on slides later. Do we have a major producer guy who's going to make this all look even better? We'll see. If you guys see PowerPoint slides, the producer guy didn't work out. So two benefits, two more benefits from looking in the mirror. One, if you could pretend to be looking at your technique, but you're just getting lost in your own eyes. Do you guys ever just like look at them in the mirror and just look in your own eyes? And you're like, he's just Christ. What's the word I'm looking for? Ravishing. Just scandalous. Who'd let you out of the house looking like this? You fucking beautiful thing you. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro bodybuilders? The most effective muscle growth training I've ever made. Get yours now. And another benefit is you can pretend to be looking at your technique, but what you're doing in real life. You're scashing motherfucker. Oh, because the gym is full of these, you know what I'm saying? TikTokers. What's that brand of clothing they wear? The gym sharkers. You know what I'm saying? Girl, if you if you if you it was that's got? Young law. Young law. Young law. You know what's so? What's so? As young law do females wear that? I just feel like you know what I'm saying? I'm not young and I don't live in LA, but you know what I'm saying girl? What's up? Also, if you think you're a gym shark, what does that make me? Japanese. Don't they kill a bunch of sharks? No whales. They got to kill some sharks too. Anyway, you can scas on people. But then when they look at you through the mirror, they got that sight. They know you're fucking looking instantly of your gaze and look embarrassed. Girls love that. If you don't have the confidence to continue to look them in the eye, they just can't help themselves. You're going to be getting a lot of dates. I know this to be true. From personal experience, Scott, how many dates have I been on in my life? Negative number. I have more rejections than acceptances. Who counts the rejections? My ego does. Over 500. All right. Recommendations. TLDR. My chathevacop, this video should have been 10 times shorter. Can I just get information from you? Stop at the jokes. You're not a comedian. You're not stand up comedian. You're sitting down and you're go testly hairy. Shut up and tell me things. Okay, great. You're right. Competition strength athletes. I just wouldn't look in the mirror. And if you insist on looking in the mirror for your assistance work in the off season, like one to three months before competition, definitely for your competition lifts. Low bar squat. Well, obviously, I have no idea how the fuck you would look in the mirror. I'm going to bench that would be great, great clever. Deadlift and shit like that do not look in the mirror. When you have your comp set up, it needs to be like replicating the reality of the actual competition. No mirror looking there. When you are looking in the mirror, what I would say is looking straight on is a really good idea. But a lot of weird shit happens when you look to the side. And maybe I'm not so safe things for the spine. Probably a bit of overvaluing how dangerous this is. But for some horror stories and also aligning your body to move really well while you're pivoting. Because everything kind of follows your head. The other way is really not like I've seen people who are do stuff like a deadlift and they'll check your technique from the side like do just save that shit, man. If there's a mirror in front of you, you can check to see if your chest is up. But to see if you're knees are back far enough and if you're pushing a butt back, just put your fucking phone camera on the shit you'll see it once that later. It's like turning the side always wigs me out. Personal preference and maybe some anatomical rationale, I just wouldn't look to the side. So in front, cool. Next, definitely try to focus on internal cues too. Don't become one of these mirror people that you all look for as external cues. Or my elbows are with this, you should be chest where they should be knees where they should be great. Then I'm doing the lift correctly. You don't want to just replace all of your cune with the mirror. You augment it with the mirror. The mirror is like a really awesome magnifying glass at external cue. But that doesn't mean internal cues go away. So definitely have distinct things to look for. Don't just kind of soak it up. Like a lot of people will just like their fans of their own lifting. You know, like you look good. Look pretty cool when you're lifting. You're kind of at your best. And they're just kind of like watch the mirror to be like, yeah. Yeah, I'm the fucking man. Look at me. Everyone on the James fucking lugging me. I love how I do man. Like that's cool in all. You can do that. But it's better to look for specific cues. And that's kind of hard. But when the set gets really going and you make it facial expressions, you're just kind of driving yourself in the mirror. I think it's probably better to be like, okay, what am I looking for specifically? Chest is my chest starts to go down. Then I raise it up. Because sometimes people look in the mirror and their technique still sucks. And I'm just like, what do you look in for? Because I can tell you it all fucking blows. Clearly you're not seeing the same shit I am. And maybe they are vampire and they just have no idea. You imagine someone's doing the shit in the mirror and then it turned to you. They're like, how was it? You saw it. They're like, oh yeah, of course they did. Sunscreen's coming off. You're like sunscreen. It's midnight. I gotta go. Turn into a bat. We're recording this close to Halloween time. So lastly, just try. See if it improves your technique. Look for specific things, try to change them. Don't forget your internal cues. Use the mirror for a month on a lift. And see if it helps you. And if you just find it like annoying and stupid and wrong and it doesn't do any before you fuck, abandon the mirror. And if you really love the mirror, just walk right through it into the mirror dimension. We will finally have friends and happiness. I have read about in picture books. See you guys next time.