Hey folks, I'm Dr. Mike Faretta sounds a pretty decent one. I'm here to deliver to you from high on the mountain. The ultimate guide to cheat meals. Aren't you glad you clicked on our thumbnail of, would make the thumbnails much later than these videos. So probably someone eating a whole mess of delicious tasty food. You sure are, because you're gonna get some science layered with noodles of sugar and fat. You cheating mother. Beeep. I've just gotten into beeping myself recently because YouTube will do not, not nice things if you swear especially early. Because children could be watching, but I guess children have a really small attention span. So after 30 seconds, they don't care. In any case, couple of things to say, really seven. Point number one. What is the purpose of cheating? The purpose of a cheat food is to do two things. One is the thing they do and two is the constraint. Thing one is to make you happy. That's right, cheat meals are just to deliver pleasure sensations to you. That's what they do. But they are only useful and allowed, quote unquote, in the context of they are still in line with your goals. They do not screw up your goals. That's the two factor thing about cheat meals. They're fun and they're still in line with your goals. That's the purpose and makes them okay to do. Now, point number two is that cheats can be useful. It's not just fun stuff that doesn't screw up your goals. Though it has to be for sure those two things, it can also be a third. In the context of maintaining your body weight, cheat meals are just fun things that don't make you gain weight in the grand context. If you're blocking, if you're massing, if you're muscle gaining, if you're trying to gain weight and muscle on purpose, cheat meals can help by a small margin add a few easy extra calories per week so that you gain weight on the track that you want it. So cheat meals have that utility. Now notice, I didn't say that cheat meals can bump up your metabolism or give you a metabolic boost or be used as a refeeds. That's all fucking nonsense. And it doesn't pan out in the literature. Nor doesn't pan out experientially. cheat meals are profoundly not for those things, but I'll get to that a little bit. cheat meals are potentially useful for increasing how much food you're eating and getting you to your calories. And to point number three, cheat meals do a few things very poorly and some things people try to replace them with but that doesn't work so well. cheat meals cannot replace a foundation of healthy, fuel for performance and recovery food. So if you're having trouble gaining weight, but you're eating a crap diet with missed meals and not enough carbs, cheat meals are poor solution to that problem. That's like trying to weld together two pieces of steel that are three inches apart. Fucking Christ, you're gonna need a lot of welding and it's gonna make the steel really flimsy because you can only weld so much. A foundation of lots of healthy food, lean meats, veggies, fruits, whole grains, refined grains, and healthy fats should be there meal by meal day by day. And then a few times a week, two to three times a week in most cases at most, I would say, you can layer in some cheat meals and that's totally good. But if you're trying to cheat your way through a bulk and have mostly cheat meals or way too many cheat meals and not enough clean healthy food, that's not gonna work out for you, for my health perspective, for my money perspective, because cheat meals are really cost more money and from a performance perspective, because you will tell with your own performance if you eat mostly healthy food, you're a fucking animal in gym. If you eat too much cheat food, too much junk food, it starts to wear down on you a little bit. cheat meals also are very bad at elevating your metabolism and re-igniting the fire. People say that 99 times out of 100 to justify having tasty food, because it feels good. Look, if you had me make up a reason why porn is amazing, well the fuck I don't have a thousand reasons and booth dope in me and I think, and serotonin, I'm sure it does something that too and shit, it's a great form of preventing global overpopulation. But the real reason the porn is sweet is because it makes me feel good. And not me of course, I'm not a darelocto, does that sort of thing, but you definitely you. It turns out, cheat meals just really don't have a place in the context of a fat loss diet in most cases. They don't push your metabolism for any longer than the meal, it takes to digest, they sure shit do when it's digesting, but also you're digesting, fucking noodles of carbs and fats, that your metabolism goes up, you add this much food, you still gain weight on net balance and then nothing happens a day or two or three later that your body can remember, so to speak. So if you have one cheat meal a week, it doesn't boost your metabolism for the rest of the week, that's nonsense, that shit died seven or eight years ago in the scientific literature. Which brings us to point number four, if you are craving cheats and you're having a tough time losing weight and you're still doing one weekly or two weekly cheats and you love the food, you overeat it like crazy, I'll get to what I mean by overeating. And you start to get into the situation where you can't wait for the cheats to happen when they do you eat the mindlessly. After they're done, you get depressed because you won't be cheating for long. And it's interfering with your weight loss, I've been there by the way, cheating is fucking stupid. I wouldn't even go so far to say in almost all fat loss diet context, just eat more whole food, it'll keep you fuller for longer. It won't tempt you with the thing that you can't even have much of, junk food. Just keep the junk away when you're fat loss dieting. For the most part, we're entirely. Cheat meals are really, really stupid. If you're trying to use them for fat loss to reinvigorate and metabolism, it's just making you miserable. If we are using cheat meals, and you're doing a maintenance phase of dieting or a muscle game phase of dieting, how many cheats do we program per week? One cheat meal a day is kind of a lot. But I think it's pretty reasonable to do two to three or one to three cheat meals per week. I think that's totally fine. Zero is also fine, by the way, you don't have to cheat, but one, two or three meals per week is great. And there is a timing as to when to actually eat the cheat meals if you want to get really nerdy and really pedantic, which is the whole fucking reason our channel exists. So here you go. If we're calling a cheat meal, something that has tasty, feel good fun foods, nine times or eight times out of 10, it'll be loaded with both protein, and especially a fuckload of cars, but especially a shitload of fat. That means if you eat your cheat meal pre-workout, you're an insane person that's just gonna throw up the entire workout. If you eat the cheat meal right after the workout, ideally we want a fast, adjusting carbohydrate source with lower levels of fat, so that food can get into your bloodstream and tear muscles as quickly as possible, to potentially recover and grow. So we actually don't want a cheat right after workout. So when people finish their last death, if they're like, do I can time for pancakes and eggs and toasts and shit like that? Like, yeah, brother, I'm like, ah, the sport nutritionist in me is like, oh, no. So what I would say is best to do is two things. One, save your cheat meals for one or two meals after the workout. You have your workout, you come home, you have half of a fucking container of kids is sure to resureeal, bunch of skin milk and a way protein shake. After that, two, three hours later, it's cool to go hit your cheat meal, especially if your cheat meal is like maybe all you can eat sushi or something, a little bit lower on the fat's higher on the carbs. But if you're gonna go out for burger and fries, you're some shit like that. I would say it's best to save a cheat meal even for two meals after the workout. So your first high carbs super sugary meal, wait two hours or something, have a bunch of chicken and rice and veggies or whatever, wait two or three hours and then have your cheat meal. That's probably best. And the I said two things, the second thing and the last thing for this part is cheat meals are also what a lot of people call going out to eat. And they're supposed to be fun. So I think it's probably best to have them during fun social times because it can increase your cohesion with society. You don't need body builders and fitness types to get ostracized even more than they are today. Pretend you're an old person and go have a cheat meal with a friend as well, I'm trying to say, which means Friday night, Saturday, midday or brunch or whatever, Saturday night. And then Sunday for brunch or lunch or something like that, these are really good times and most cultures for most people to have their cheat meals. It'd be really weird if you're at the office and they let you eat at the office. You've got like two pizzas and a shit-loaded eye coax and a thing of cookies and you're doing your operations engineering and you're eating a slice of pizza and someone's like, hey, jam, look at what's up. Oh, what's your celebrating something by your self at your desk? Like, it's cheat meal man, you know that Wednesday's 3pm, they're like, okay, okay. Jim, do you have a family to go to? You're fucking looking at it, brother. Two large pizzas is my family. Oh. Okay, yeah, Jim, I'll be, if you need me, I won't be at my desk, I'm leaving. That's fucking weird. Hey, if that's you, I feel you. Get some friends. I don't know how to get friends. I still don't have any, watch this. And I've got the video guy. Are we friends? I thought this would keep you paying me. Friend for pay. Wow. In any case, yeah, try to have real friends or even fuck your friends, man. You don't need friends. Drive over, fried and I did 8pm to the Taco Bell. People working in the drive through their real friends because they guarantee you happiness. Twice, once is when you eat the food. The second time is at 3am when you wake up and shit and blood is, I'm just kidding. It's gonna, how's it gonna take that? Example, and analogy way too far. Imagine so cheap. I'm gonna stop the plumber passes out. Honestly, I think it's just quit. Your wife leaves you. I'm done. I swear I'm done. Your dog dies. How can that even happen by the smell alone? Seriously, enough time to go back to cheat meals. All right, so we got that out of the way. Point number six. What kinds of foods make the best cheat meals? People actually ask this. I'll say a couple of things about it. First, just enjoy the food. It doesn't fucking matter. Holy shit. Overthinking ass crazy motherfuckers. And I want of them. And I overthought it. And the final conclusion was, it doesn't really fucking matter. That being said, tying in to point number seven is how to avoid overeating. We'll get to that in a second but first. Whatever you're gonna cheat with, it just has to have one rule. The big rule, make sure it has some protein in it. Because while you're eating for pleasure and you're raising your blood levels of fats and carbs like crazy, when your muscle cells get to be like, oh shit, time to grow. We got this food. But if you don't present a lot of protein with that, your muscles can't really grow much and then just your body fats like, oh hell yeah, it's my party, and then it grows. That's no good. So if your cheat meal is just a shit load of Oreos and Netflix bite yourself, of course. Remember, try to cry off to the side because you're lonely as fuck and your life is pointless. Don't cry into the Oreos because the tears don't mix with the Oreos shit, super well. Add a fucking protein shaken to that. Get you to Walmart by you a fucking big ass container of fair life, skin milk. That was some Oreos, holy shit. That's growth juice right there. That's growth fuel. And if you're really pathetic, after eating, a sleeve and a half of Oreos, pour the milk into the rest of the shit, it eat it with a spoon, like the pathetic, lonely animal that you are. And I am. Can we be friend? So make sure you have protein with it. You know, how much protein, I'll give you a great answer. The same amount you eat with a normal meal, or about one and a half to two times that amount. Why one and a half to two times that amount is even better than just the one time. Because the amount of calories you're having in a cheat meal is generally like two times the amount of calories you'll have in any of your one normal meals. And that means that food is gonna digest for much longer. And you're gonna need amino acids, pair with that digestion the entire time, which means if you're eating more food, eat more protein. Now a lot of times you don't need extra protein shakes because if you get like a meat lover's pizza, that doesn't have like a fucking 150 grams of protein in the shit. I know, it is an 180 grams of fat or whatever, but hey, you sign up for the shit. So it's absolutely totally cool to just have your no burgers and all that sushi, whatever you're eating pasta, but make sure it has plenty of protein. If it doesn't have a protein shake or some skim milk or something like that with it. Lastly, how do you avoid overeating on cheats? It is totally possible. First of all, what do we consider overeating on cheats? I'm gonna pull this number exactly and only out of my anus, but I promise it'll make sense. Take you brain for being able to tell stories that rationalize stupid bullshit on the spot and make believe. Here we go. If you eat much more per day than about one and a third, the calories you normally do, the probability that a ton of that food goes to body fat, it has already topped off your glycogen stores, your anabolic pathways are fully, completely saturated. The probability goes up. So what I'm saying is the following, if you typically eat 4,000 calories a day, on your cheat meal days, the whole day probably shouldn't get much over 6000 calories. It's totally cool if it does, if you're okay with the adabadi fat gain. But if you wanna keep body fat a little bit hemmed in and still have some fun, just make sure that the entire day doesn't take you over one and a third of what you normally eat. So 4,000 to 6,000, that's reasonable. But if you have a fucking cheat meal out of saturday and you go back and look at the numbers, you're like, oh, I had 18,000 calories today. Guess that shouldn't add literally pounds of body fat to your frame in one fucking day. And yes, that is how it works. Your ability to put on body fat is immensely impressive. I would use that rule of thumb, the one and a third thing. Less totally cool, more cool, but if you get over one and a half, one and two thirds, double your daily calories in the total food, healthy food earlier in the day, cheat meal later, it starts to get to be a bit like, are you sure you wanna get that fat in one fucking go? Does that mean you can reduce your calories early in the day? It can, but careful with that. You don't wanna start eating very little in the day after work out, you're like, no push workout meal today for me, man, I gotta save it for my cheat meal later. Geez, that's Christ. So here's a rule I use, I use a combined rule. One is I do a good job of eating lots of whole food through the day. Maybe I go easier on the fats. I'm down 500 calories or 300 or 400 calories below what I would be otherwise. And then my last two meals of the day, instead of eating them, I just have one big ass cheat meal, combined with that extra three or four and calories that I save for not going crazy on the fats earlier that day. And then voila, that brings me well below that one and one third's number and everything is super happy, honky, dory. Now the last thing I'll say is if that was a lot of math for you and you're like, Jesus Christ, you're moving food here and there, and fucking counting, fuck that shit, I 100% agree with you. So maybe for cheating three times a week, try to keep the cheats relatively reasonable and hemmed in two of those times, but one time a week, especially if you're not in a place where it's right post-contestant, you're able to shop 10,000 calories in your face. If you're cheating, it's just some fun shit that you do when you're right around, one and a third of your normal calories or somewhere close, just cheat, enjoy the food, have some fucking protein, enjoy your life, make sure what you're ordering extra sushi rolls and all you can eat sushi place, you do it with your mouth full of food, or hurt more, you're a rurler so that the waitress can stab a picture of you in the back because she fucking hates you, enter there every Friday and that's literally me. Ms. Waitress from that one sushi place, please don't poison my food. But if you do, it's been fun. And if I don't make it on the YouTube video, I died getting poisoned as she wants the name sushi, report that shit to the police. Anyway, folks, do you have any other questions about cheat meals? If you do, there is a comments section, exactly for your questions, I'm gonna try to give them a personal answer to you. And if there's some that are so compelling that I can't answer them, and text very efficiently, we'll make more videos about cheat meals and we're gonna DM them to your phone where you're at the worst possible place in hunger in your diet, 12 a.m. or going through, oh, Dr. Mike, cheat meal picture, fuck. And you go downstairs, you look at a jar of peanut butter, and you try to make it happen. Make what happen, you say you're a sick fuck, I'll see you next time.