The game for 1000 calories, damn it, I'm not getting weight, what's going on, but like, you're not getting weight, so you're not into surplus. That's what's going on. No mystery. You have to eat more. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Let's talk about common mistakes in muscle game dieting. You want to get huge, you want to get jacked, you want to get swollen, you want to get yoked, you want to get cock diesel, and you're like that term. Why are we saying cock so much folks? Let's take it easy. How many mistakes do I have listed here? 10. 10 common muscle gain diet mistakes. Not training mistakes, but diet mistakes. You want to gain muscle and you're eating in a certain way, but you're couldn't make it in some of these mistakes. Let's make sure you're not. Stay number one is not knowing your maintenance and thus being mathematically unable to generate a surplus because you have no idea what your maintenance is. And my definition of surplus is something above maintenance, but if you don't know this part, how the hell do you know what to eat in order to have a surplus. This seems like a make belief common mistake that I made up just to be able to have some filler in a YouTube video to get more ads out of it. But I swear to God, it's not true. And you guys have been in the gym many, many years. You know it's not true because people talk to you in the gym and they say shit like this. They be like, yeah man, just trying to get these gains, you know, and you're like, that's right, man, you know, like you're between sets of hacks, why give nothing literally you're in prison. You have nowhere to go except talk to the person who just started talking to you. And then again, man, it's all but diet, right? You know, like, yeah, it's right, man, that's super important. And then you make the mistake of getting curious and you go, what's your diet like, you want to help somebody. They're just trying to eat, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, ah, to call one of our good friends. Ah, yeah, so how do you know if you're eating enough. Nobody lost nobody found no question asked no question answered. Yeah, God, I have an understanding of maintenance before you generate a surplus. How do you do this? You try to monitor your fruit intake. And just even just the three macros, protein's carbs fats every day, even just calories every day. For one or two weeks, he relatively normal and just eat how you always eat and which I assume you just normally have a roughly a maintenance of body weight. And then you get a value out of that cell, 3500 calories, and then you go from there. Critical critical, and if you don't do this and you're not gaining muscle that you want. There's no mystery because how the hell would you know if you're eating enough. Point number two, a stake number two is not setting a surplus and actually sticking to it. If you want to gain muscle a surplus is critical because can you gain tame? Yes, for a time. But once you get sufficiently lean or sufficiently well trained, gaining either works way, way, way, way not as good as muscle gain on purpose, gaining weight, having eating a surplus or it just doesn't work at all. So if you have a surplus that you've generated, say you know your maintenance is 3,000 calories, you're not making a first mistake. And then you generate a surplus of 300 calories per day on average, so 3,000, 300 calories in which you're eating, you have to get to that surplus and you have to stick to it. If you don't have a target of how many calories you have to eat, then you just can train hard for weeks and weeks and be accidentally at maintenance, more accidentally in a small deficit, but actually gain no muscle at all. Imagine eating protein and getting into the gym and getting hard workouts and doing all the things. And at the end of 12 weeks, the reality is you didn't really put on any muscle because you simply didn't eat enough. That's so dumb, it's so wasteful and it's so easy to stop. But stay number three, not measuring your weight, getting on the scale regularly and thus not knowing if you are in a surplus. The way to find out because here's the thing, even if you do point number two, set a surplus and stick to it. That's all theoretical. You assume that you're roughly correct in your measurement of the maintenance, 3,000 calories. You assume that you have imposed 3,300 surplus, but remember food labels are off often by as much as 20% or more. Remember that your thermogenesis is different. They stand different times of the year to for hormonal states, how much you walk around versus not. If you're tracking your steps exactly, yes communist party of China, nowhere exactly where I am, and all times. All these things change in your assumption that you're in a surplus, maybe incorrect. You may be a bigger surplus than you thought you were and you'd be gaining too much fat. You may be in a smaller surplus than you thought you were not gaining as much muscle as you like. You may not be in a surplus at all. How do you fundamentally know that you're in a surplus? The assumption is good, but you got to know some stuff about it. Just like, if you're like in a war or you're firing rockets at something, you can assume that you got the coordinates right. But simply it's probably good to look at the satellite imaging to see if you're hitting anything. And if you're not, looks like your assumptions are all. Very simple concept, which lots of people just end up not doing. So then you get the following social media question, which I get all the time, and I'm sure you guys get a bunch yourselves, is like amen, I've been eating insert calorie number here that sounds impressive to my person, 4000 calories. But in 4000 calories, I'm not gaining weight, what's going on, but like, what's going on? If you're not gaining weight, so you're not in a surplus. That's what's going on. No mystery, you have to eat more. But that person already did a really good thing. They're saying they're not gaining weight. Some people will see even less. They say, I mean, in a 4000 calories a day, but I don't think I'm getting any bigger as stronger. Oh, gotcha, has your weight been going up over time? And some people will be like, well, I'm not sure. Folks, no, wait a minute. You want to do the shit right, and it's not that hard, which you have to do is measure body weight. Probably every day or every other day, get a nice weekly average going. Microsoft, Excaler, Google Sheets can do this for you with minimum effort. You're even if not a more the RP diet coach, a shameless plug. And it's totally good to go. And if you're gaining weight at the roughly the appropriate rate, you're awesome. You're golden, you're doing everything right. But if you're not, you can fix it. If you're not weighing yourself regularly, you cannot possibly be legitimately. Confused about what's going on. You can be illegitimately confused, which means confused for no good reason. Next, people sometimes impose a surplus, and they'll detect even how much weight they're gaining. But they won't change it at the margins when they know there's something wrong. So people will say, yeah, man, I've been getting two pounds a week for the last few weeks. Is that good? What do you think? I think it's too much. I'm getting too fat. What should I do? Reduce the surplus. And then you get into that weird fear that mostly guys have of that if they have a certain surplus, and they're gaining it too fast of a rate and getting too fat, they think that dialing that surplus down is the same logical equivalent as just going into a deficit. Remember, a slower rate of gain is still a rate of gain. And in many cases, it's a rate of gain that's leaner and healthier and all the good things. So if you're eating 4,000 calories a day and you're getting too fat and you know that shit, you don't have to go back to 3,000 and go back to maintenance. You could just go to 3,500 or even 3750 if you're really super averse to gaining slow, and then you can make that adjustment. Another thing is this works in both directions. People will set a surplus to monitor their weight, and they'll do shit like this. This is more of an average of female problem, a female mistake. They'll say 2,000 is my baseline maintenance. 2300 is what I'm going to eat at. They eat at 2300, but they are, it's summertime now and they're getting more steps, and they're getting more muscular, so their metabolism is increasing a little bit. Their training is at a new level, it's super hard, and they also picked up like a recreational hobby. They're playing tennis with grandma a few times a week. And they started at 130 pounds and then they're at 130 and they're at 130 and that one 39 and they're at 129 and they're at 129 and they're at 131 and they're at 130 and that's like a few multiple weeks of weight average or some top. They're not gaining weight no matter what, they're not actually at a surplus or a very, very small one of that. And so many people in that situation will be like, you know, yeah, like this is going on, I impose the surplus and they'll do this to go, I'm not gaining weight, but my training is going really well, I feel like I'm getting bigger, so I'm just going to keep it here for XYZ amount of time. Folks, the purpose of a muscle gain phase is to gain muscle. The absolute best, no debate way to do that is to gain weight. I mean 50 pounds of fucking day, I mean half a pound per week, a pound per week, something minimal. But if you're not seeing that in your averages, you have to eat more food and I know you may be a verset that idea. And you may think, well, there's some stuff going on under the hood, body water, I'm still getting tissue and you may be right, you may still be getting tissue. But much less tissue than you could be gaining, if you weren't plans, oh god damn much, you actually ate more food. Yes, it's going to be uncomfortable, I had a situation in my last mass phase, I'm going to act of rest right now, where I was eating 4,500 calories per day, which to me is a lot of food, fucking annoying. And my weight chart showed me that I should actually be eating more like 4,700 if I'm going to gain the weight I need to. I didn't want to hear that shit, I'm like fuck man, I can barely eat anything at all. I'm fucking insulin and this and that, try to eat more food, it's awful. But that shit is real life, and I have to be honest with myself and change my surplus if my weight data isn't showing me that I'm gaining as fast. And I know the sounds but dantic is fucked, but people do it all the time. Even I consider it, I told myself, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it should still happen under the hood, I'm like, I'm still gaining muscle somehow, bullshit. Yeah, somehow, but I'm right here to gain muscle somehow, I'm here to do a real good job, and that means being uncomfortable when the time calls for it. Number five, using weekly individuals are using single data points, daily data points of body weight versus weekly averages. Weekly averages tell you the story of what's happening with your tissue muscle and fat, your actual body of molecules that are not water. Daily fluctuations tell you a body water story. So some people will impose a surplus and two or three days later they'll gain five pounds. And then go fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck, oh my god, I'm just getting super fat doing this, but, but, but hold on. What is the weekly average tell us? And I like why I don't know yet, it hasn't been a week. Well, I'm shocked to fuck up and do what you're supposed to for a week. Now, after a week of weights, you get a weekly average, your last week may be weighed 170, 9 pounds. You went up to 187 on Wednesday of this week, but then you wait cool to off and you realize it was just like, a bunch of Chinese food and tons of salt in it. And you get as low as 177 on Friday, the weekend goes normally and it turns out that at the end of this week, your weekly weight average is 179.2. You gain 0.2 pounds. It's low clap. Not terrible. It's the thardo something definitely, you know, likely in a surplus and it's not the end of the world. But you remember the same person that unwinds day because of that super high weigh in from just one weird day of body water, you wanted to pull back the surplus. If you pulled it back in, mind you, this is near and dear to my heart. So I'm so passionate to that, I've done all these things before, made all these mistakes. You pull that surplus down and at the end of the week, you actually lose weight and you're like, oh fuck, what did I do wrong? I mean, the answer is, you should have stuck to the process. Hashtag trust the process? You don't need to trust you. Trust but verify and that verify takes one week of weight averageers and then you know what's going on. And then next week you'll know better what's going on. If you cannot plug and play, if you cannot assume that you're taking a good guess and be patient enough to weight one whole week to modify your results, this whole game is not for you. Just I can go. Scott, if you need to, I want to kids do it nowadays that's not bodybuilding. TikTok, go on TikTok and make a dancing video where you think that people watching your dances because you're a good dancer, but really they're just touching themselves. We allowed to say that on YouTube. We'll find out. Time to get canceled. All right. Next, your weekly average could be good, but your possibility can be extreme. Your body gains muscle best when every day more or less you present a small surplus. Just an affects your food to feed the muscles, not so much extra food to feed the fan of ton. Weekly average, one pound of game, hey success. There's another way to gain a pound on average. Early in the week, you'll run a deficit. Small deficit, you lose some fat, but you barely build any muscle or not at all. Second half of the week. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, etc. Weekend, you generate like enormous surplus. You lost a little bit of fat earlier in the week. Didn't gain much muscle. Later the week, you introduce the huge surplus and you gain a fuck-zillion amount of fat because huge surplus is almost always go mostly to fat. Your muscle, you gain a little bit of muscle towards the end of that week because the surplus after a certain number of extra calories, probably anything north of 500 calories, almost all the rest of the calories just go straight to fat, and only a certain amount your muscle tops out really quick for how much it can accept and utilize and grow. So if you're a little bit of a deficit here and a huge surplus here, yes, the average weight gain is going to be whatever a pound, but a very small fraction of that is muscle because a bunch of the week you weren't in gaining muscle and the other part of the week you're gaining mostly fat. That kind of possibility can really elude you because on the weekly averages you're doing just fine. But it turns out that much of the week because you're not eating enough, you're not taking the opportunity to gain muscle, and the other half of the week you're eating too much and you're getting too much fat. It sucks, it sucks, but the best way to gain muscle is consistently presenting a small average surplus day and day we can weak out. And this like idea that like one day you eat 2,000 calories you've remained in just 3,000, in another day you eat 7,000 and all averages out to be okay, it's really just a recipe for on the first day not gaining a lot of muscle, and on the second day gaining a shit would have disproportion of fat. So try to, if your diet looks like this, try to get it a little bit more like this. Yeah sure, it's okay to eat a little bit more on the weekends. Yeah, it's okay to under eat a little bit in the early and the week, but if you really, really make that extreme you're missing out. Next, eating mostly junk. I mean this is the, what's the meme for this, the dreamer bulk or whatever, not sure sounds like a nightmare bulk to me, but you know, you're overdited and you got really lean and then you're local and I'm just going to eat cookies and drink protein shakes and ice cream sandwiches or whatever else you want to eat. It's cool, but if you eat mostly junk, you can do two things. Even if you set your calories right, but it's tons of junk, mostly junk, your performance is going to suck. One of my best friends and I, we were visiting a friend in California generation ago. And we were already training, I was like 220 drug free and shit and we're like, we're eating a lot of fast food out there. And I just remember eating like the day before I had like three of those KFC famous bowls, the mashed potato bowls, so good. And the next day went, did high rep dead lifts and him and I both did a couple sats and we looked at each other like, are we an altitude or something? It was an Irvine California, but what if I could help to do it? And it's just like, between sats, I was not sick, it was like poisoned by junk food. There is such a thing as too much. So you can't run a high performance machine on junk food, eating mostly healthy foods are going to be an idea. So it's not going to get rage in performances. And that's bad. And then it's also not great for your health. So yes, junk food is cool tea to moderation on a muscle gain phase, but most of your foods should still be healthy. Point number eight, very related, but the opposite, never eating junk. You'll have folks that are like, I'm fucking on a muscle gain phase. I'm serious. I'm fucking hard attack, clean food 24, 7 brother. Hey, respect. If you can survive that grind for a rest of your body building career, amazing. But most people, dare I say almost all people? You need a bit of fun in their life, need a bit of fun foods. And so a real good way to go about that is mostly healthy food. But a few times a week, I do it once or twice a week on a muscle gain phase. You throw on a cheat meal. And it's really awesome. And it cost you almost nothing on the downsides. And it's so great psychologically, it's so fun. That by the time you get to your fat loss phase, you've had more than enough cheating, and you can really grind super clean eating out of fat loss phase. Because if you don't have some cheat meals on your muscle gain phase, when the fuck are you going to have cheat meals? Maintenance, I guess, sure. But it's kind of fun to be able to train hard to spot, and then eat a cheat meal and understand that a lot of it's getting in the muscles to help you gain. Muscle, it's kind of like a, is a really virtuous cycle there. And it feels really great. And clearly, I'm going to be able to do it on fat loss phase. Cheating a lot on active rest or maintenance feels strange, because you're like, you know, I'll have to eat less later, or time they got for this. And there's something about it where if you're ever going to have cheat meals, muscle gain phase at the time to do it. And if you're so psychotic about only ever eating clean, psychologically, you're going to pay the cost of that. In most cases, sooner rather than later. You're going to burn out, you're going to be done with a sport. And it's tricky too, because I've seen some of my contemporaries who came up with the same time as I did. A lot of them finished bodybuilding, and they're just done with it, because they went so hardcore into it from day one. They just burned out. They're, come tired of eating clean. I'm tired of doing at least workouts that I don't want to do. Whereas what I did was I took a more relaxed journey. And every year that I was in bodybuilding, I had a little bit more serious about it. But that means I never burned out because it was, I was always having plenty of fun foods and always training in a way that was effective, but also fun. So don't forget that that's a big thing. And at the end of the day, this whole thing we're doing is a fucking hobby. It's a leisure activity. And if it's not fun, maybe sort of the Ziggreed should as act or something like that. Enjoy some fun foods on a muscle game phase. Enjoy those foods on a bulk. It's going to be something that reinvigorates you psychologically and keeps the process fun. You'll be able to do it for long enough to actually get superjacked. All right. Two more. Mini cutting too often. Unless you're at 15% body fender so as a competitive bodybuilder or 20 to 25 plus percent as a recreational lifter. Add 10% or so if you're female to these numbers. You can easily continue to gain without needing a mini cut and break up your momentum because you'll still gain an unbelievable amount of muscle in not a ton of fat. Yes, if you get ultra fat, it's all bad and maybe you'll even start gaining more fat unless muscle. But up until those points you're good to go. What we do see with people is they get to 11% body fat and it's mini cut time. Brakes up their momentum like crazy. And it's just good to just really kind of sit in that that of food and training and momentum for as long as you can. When you're starting to get too fat, yes, a mini cut every 8 to 12 weeks is totally fine. But if you're mini cutting every 4 to 6 weeks, she was you can just paranoid. And the thing is if you were lean and you like being lean and you got a little thick allusious on your mass phase, that's nothing a 4 to 6 feet mini cut can't fix completely and you're refucking ripped again. Body fat's not something that once you gain a little bit too much of it, that's it it's there forever. No way, not even close. So it's okay to let that momentum keep going until you're Convincingly fat enough to where you need a mini cut and the paranoia of always mini cutting all the time is just a fat phobia and it's irrational and will not give you good long term results not as good as you could have had if you let your mass phases if you really lean into them. Last one last common muscle gain diet mistake is continuing is the option is continuing to bulk once your momentum is all that gone. If you're no longer getting much stronger week to week in the gym, if you're super tired and beat up and fatigue. If every week you notice that you're notably fat or but no more notably muscular. Stop gaining especially if it's been months and months and a lot of this thing so start so real quick. I'm just finished the thought stop gaining doing 8 to 12 week normal fat loss phase. Maintenance phase at the end of clear some fatigue or something or maintenance phase and then 8 to 12 week fat loss phase and then start massing again. Doing a fat loss phase won't fuck you up, it's not going to cost you a ton of muscle or any at all. It's just reset the living fuck out of you and sometimes. That maintenance phase cools off so much training fatigue that it lets you go for months afterwards training super fucking hard. If you can no longer train ultra hard. If you can no longer demonstrate that you're getting lots of muscle when you're starting to gain a lot of fat. If you're no longer getting stronger in the gym, it's too much fatigue. Be it diet fatigue or training fatigue or some combination of both. It's time to chill, it's time to maintain. It's time to cool off, it's time to mini caught or even do a real cut and then it's time to come back up again. A lot of the times people get in trouble with this is they'll set themselves at their I say. My old arbitrary duration goal for massing or weight gain goal they'll say this. I'm going to mass from 160 to 180. By the time they reach 175 the holds it's a giant dumpster fire of. Join's hurt. I'm not getting stronger. I'm just getting fat or fuck this. But they have this 180 in their head and they go I got to get to 180. Don't do it. Don't fucking do it because you will get to 180. That's not that hard. The average American weighs like 330 by now or some shit. You ain't even a real size person yet in the United States. You go to Texas. You're half the size of a real person. Gaining weight is not hard. Gaining muscle is quite difficult. And it has to occur in a high quality manageable fatigue environment. And if that environment is longer with you, it's time to do active restor maintenance or whatever clear the air to let it go again. The other way people get in trouble is setting themselves duration goals. Like a very common question I get for some goddamn reason is Dr. Mike, can I bulk for a year straight? Look, yes. But it's tough because Fatigue will accumulate much faster than the year. You probably just want to do some maintaining or some any cutting at some point during that time. And there are ways to wiggle around it. But why? Why? What is it about a year that you are so attached to? And if the momentum is crushing it for a year, hey, Fox, we go for a year and a half. But if the momentum is clearly gone by month eight, you've got to retune the system. Right? And there has to be a compelling reason of why you are massing for as long as you are. And just setting yourself a goal and going, it's cool in the sense that like you're a person of principle. He is a man of focus of brains at bullet, f**k in John Wickshit. Scott, the video guy remember that shit? Oh no, no. You'll've been dumb at the bull wheel of their able fake Russian accent by non-native speaker. In any case, you're all John Wick out. I get it. You f**king John Wick says he's going to get to 180, he's going to get to 180, hell or I water. That's cool. But you can be that kind of person that's perseverant and really goal oriented and doesn't lie to themselves. But at the same time, the a bit more of a logician and understand that like when the system is no longer in a properly functioning state, it's not about willpower anymore. Nobody's doubting your shit. Bring it back around. It's like if John Wick is shooting people in it's working, great keep shooting. But if like a tank rolls up with 900 heavily armed troops, John Wick might egress to like come back around and go through the sewer tunnels with the homeless, gain or whatever, ridiculous move. I love that shit. I love watching John Wick hide because I don't have to make sense out of anything. It's trying to make sense of the John Wick's of that idea. In any case, even John Wick pulls back when the time comes. And so it's one of these situations where yes, I understand you told yourself I'm going to bulk for a year. I'm going to bulk till I get one until 180. If it fits in a motivational problem, hey, listen, that's between you and God, which is to say John Wick again. But if it's the thing where you're just like pointlessly like trying to bash through this barrier and you don't have to. And there's smarter ways to do the same thing. Go with a smarter way. I guess that really is a big point of today's talk is the smart don't be stupid. Do all the good things, don't do bad things, enjoy your muscle gain. And as usual, if I see you on the street, I have my Butler say hi to you. I'm talking to regular people anymore. Shit. See you next time. You