I predict that folks with lower tier fitness goals lose a few pounds of fat, gain a few pounds of muscle if they can get almost everything that they go to the gym for from a pill. Then they can just do fun physical things like hiking and biking and swimming and hanging out with their families and be 100% as fit as they would like. That's happening! It's going to start happening big time within the next five years. This genetic revolution will allow almost everyone that wants it to have the strength and aesthetics that they like overall with precisely zero training. Hey folks, Dr. Mike Kier for RP Strength and I'm going to tell you something crazy today. Well I do say a lot of crazy stuff. I think fitness in the way that we understand it has something like 10 years left to live. I'm not that smart. I need to put things in my own head and the way that I can understand them and the best person ever to do that before me was Forest Gumps Mom. That's right. Do you guys remember that shit when Forest Little Kid Forest was like, Mom, what's like, Tyson, Maine? And she was like, it's a place you go and you never come back. And he was like, Mom, is that what Daddy went? And his outfitness is going in about 10 years. From what I remember in the movie, my recollection Scott is kind of hazy, but I think she was kind of like, honestly Forest, Mom has been so goddamn tired of your shit for so damn long. Your daddy was an idiot. Clearly, that's how come you're around. Any left is for another woman. But yes, technically it's not unlikely that fitness only has 10 years left. That's how I remember Forest Gump. No wait, hold on a sec. What did I just say? Fitness is only 10 years. Not the conductor, Mike. That's what we're going to call you. Your Forest Gump impression is honestly familiar, okay. Please just cut to the chase. All right, very well. Couple points to make the point. Point number one. How the hell do I get to 10 years of fitness remaining? Nearly every body change that you have occurs because your genes produce more or less signal the production of more or less proteins as a response to exercise training. For example, when you train, myostat and expression goes down. Myomine's muscle statin means stop or block. When a less mouse statin protein is being produced by the signal to being produced by the genes that create the mouse statin protein, the less mouse statin protein, guess what happens to your muscle mass. It's blocked less. It goes up. That is one of the core reasons why you gain muscles from resistance training. As a matter of fact, there are proteins inside of your muscles that detect mechanical tension and probably a few other things like fatigue by products. When the mechanical tension is detected, it doesn't grow muscle. That protein has a signaling cascade of other proteins and molecules that ping from one part of your muscle cell to the other until the last part of that signaling cascade ends something like the proteins that actually produce the machinery of your muscles. It's genes and proteins all the way down, including from effector modulators like mechanical tension itself. You don't need mechanical tension to grow theoretically. You just need the end of the cascade line of molecules to flip into one direction versus the other and then muscle growth results exactly like it would if you presented tension itself. In addition to that, when you tense up your muscles and your tendons get a lot of tension through them that increases the expression of proteins, sometimes collagen, sometimes elastin, sometimes others, that make your tendons bigger and stronger. It's all proteins all the way down. Over the next five years, this is already begun. We will hit a tidal wave, which is technically an outdated term I know at tsunami. It's not caused by the tide. Of drugs that modify the effect of these proteins that are involved in exercise to great extents already, drugs currently in testing like a Zeleprag and Goretta's map, modify protein activity at receptors that modulate exercise responses like my a caundral proliferation, which makes you give you a bigger gas tank, fat burning and muscle growth. When taking these soon to be future mega drugs that do a lot of what exercise does except by you just taking a pill, I predict that folks with lower tier fitness goals will no longer have to go to the gym at all. What do I mean by lower tier fitness goals? Lose a few pounds of fat, gain a few pounds of muscle, be a bit healthier. I mean that's like millions and millions of people in America that currently go to gyms and around the world that currently go to gyms. If they can get almost everything that they go to the gym for from a pill, then they can just do fun physical things like hiking and biking and swimming and hanging out with their families and be 100% as fit as they would like. That's happening. My best guess is it's going to start happening big time within the next five years. Now, through that process of really advanced drugs, folks who want extra extra results will still lift and still do extra cardio for the time being. Now, here's where shit gets really crazy. In more like five to ten years, not within five, genetic engineering as a process regularly applied to humans is very likely to blow up. And by blow up, I mean, not physically, I mean, become radically more adopted in common use, even for things that aren't diseases just upgrades. And that's going to let a lot of folks alter their DNA so that they don't need to exercise to gain almost all of its benefits. That means that just through modifying your genes, your genes work as if you're always exercising a ton. And that means you're getting all those molecular downstream benefits, usually vectored through exercise, now vectored through direct gene modification, which means we're going to have to switch shit on a switch should off. We switch it on, we break the switch off and we leave the cell. And then you just have genetics, literally, like the top 1% of elite genetics for fitness. Scott, you know those people that you're like, hey, how long have you been lifting? They're like a week and you're like, what the fuck? There is no reason, theoretically, why eventually advanced genetic engineering, powered by AI, of course, is not going to allow us to do that. So my contention is this, maybe 10 to 15 years from now, maybe sooner I'll talk about that in a little bit. Pretty much everyone in the modern civilized world will able to access having extreme genetics. For fitness, for example, the ability to reduce milestone activation and production to near zero. If you can do that, and I'm going to say that's too much for most people, that means your muscle growth from zero training at all is as high as it is from better than the best training you can give yourself right now. Think about that. You're just always growing muscle. Your muscle cells number one priority shifts to muscle growth and number two, three, whatever it kind of forgets about. I'm kidding, it still does them, but I'm talking about muscle growth front and center. Pictures you were about to see on your television screen right now are of animals that have had their mouth statin genes completely deactivated. Myos statin knockout animals. They're knockouts honey, look at them. Every single one of these animals that you see on the screen has never trained with weights. The mice that are myos statin knockouts typically hardly even move around because they live in a cage. One of these animals you'll probably see is a mouse statin knockout gray-hound, which looks two things, adorable and sad. That's one thing all at the same time and arguably the same thing. And two, unreal jacked and not even like a gray-hound. How the hell is that thing a gray-hound? Well, it turns out gray-hounds if you've been around them after their career days of chasing rabbits, they're actually dogs that don't do much. They like to cuddle with you, they're big lovers. They will kill rabbits really impressively in your backyard. But other than that, they don't do much. They're not like they're on a gym floor for dogs. They don't do anything and they look like that. Think about it. When you do exercise, it vectors on a molecular cascade that ends up altering how much protein you express and the protein does the rest of the work. Why not just cut right to the chase and have your genes alter protein expression anyway, and then everything downstream of exercise still happens. But with no exercise at all. It is not just hypothetically possible. There's just no good reason it can't be done. Other than the tractability, the problem, figuring which genes to attack, how to design the vectors that get to those genes, and how to make sure that the vectors to get to those genes change them, change your muscle genes, but not genes in your brain that make you have crazy brain hazards. Those are all solvable problems and they're solving them right now. And right now, most of the drugs being developed are have been developed in testing. They weren't even using AI. AI is going to make that process 100 times more potent in every way you can conceive of. 100 times faster to discovery, 100 times the effect magnitude of possible, and 100 times less probability of doing harm in any other subsystem. This genetic revolution will allow almost everyone that wants it to have the strength and aesthetics that they like overall with precisely zero training. Because remember, the only reason you train for growth and fat loss is because that growth and fat loss activates genes or proteins. And genes make proteins. If those genes and proteins are already made and active without having to exercise, exercising can be like redundant. In it can burn more calories, but guys, with a few simple genetic modifications that are already available through research drugs right now, not the modifications, but the drugs do this. You can race your baseline energy output a lot as if you were exercising. So even the extra calorie burning becomes a giant like why? And if you've ever done cardio for 45 minutes at a time while staring at a wall, you might have thought like, man, there's probably better alternate uses of my time if I would have just never have to do cardio again. And the time for never having to do cardio again is coming and it's not far off. So the next question becomes this, will all of fitness go away? And I don't think the answer is here. I think it's a no not quite not upfront, for example. Specialized hypertrophy training for a while is really going to shine because if you want like way bigger arms and delts, but the same chest and back, you can't just crank up the myostat and shit because that makes everything bigger and it doesn't care. Scaladle muscle. It'll also make the muscles of your jaw and face bigger, which means you're going to look more like me, which is a curse I wouldn't damn anyone with even my worst enemies. So if you don't want giant muscle head, you don't want giant rest of your muscle body, but you want your arms and shoulders to be bigger. What you're going to do is take a little bit of those advanced drugs or alter your DNA to be more a less expressive of myostat and grow much more muscle than normal, but not full tilt, you know, mouse that negative dog or gray hound or anything or gray hound or dogs. Mask that negative dog or mast that negative mouse or cow or any of that stuff. You're going to want something subtle, but subtle doesn't give you big arms and shoulders just more impressive arms and shoulders. So what you can do in the future once you get these advanced drugs and genetic techniques is get some of them pushed in, get a really impressive physique overall, and then train on top of that, but just the muscles are mostly the muscles that you want to improve for aesthetics. So I'm talking about having great genetics for chest back, whatever, and they're just kind of really good without you training them and then you nuke the living dog should out of your arms, out of your delts, out of your forms, and then you have enormous arms and everything else looks awesome too. Then you can really start your train, your calves, your outer quads, blah, blah, blah, to start to sculpt your body into something really, really gorgeous, but only through specialization, not having to spend a ton of time just training stuff that doesn't get any smaller or just baseline bigger. Baseline bigger, that shit will take care of no problem. Another thing, weightlifting like the snatch and clean and jerk, strongman sport, every grappling sport, every combat sport that's still technique practice and that requires you to do the sport. So weightlifting for a while is going to have a big question mark of like, do we let these new freaks compete in the Olympics or not? I have no idea how to answer that question. It's going to be a big question in the future. And of course, sports like boxing, sports like climbing, cycling, activities like that will be massive because those are potentially massive because those sports are still fun and their skill sports. Think about it this way. How many climbers train with weights to be better at climbing? Most of their training for is increases in strength and muscle size and the muscle size they only want because it increases strength. What if you had drugs or gene editing techniques that could damn near max out your muscle strength and damn near max out your muscle size for whatever muscles you wanted? Within climbers might still train with weights a little bit, but mostly we just climb because really, almost all climbers just want to climb to begin with. Same for wrestlers, same for boxers, same for cyclists, there's a lot of people that lift weights because they love it. Me, you and most of the people watching this channel maybe for us it's going to be a trip to give up the ghost. For most athletes and most humans out there they only lift because they have to a lot of people in the gym are there because they're like, well if you had a pill for this shit I wouldn't be here and those people will not be here. Let me get into that more a little bit. To that end, general hypertrophy just overall muscle growth and strength focused lifting may be made died down by a huge factor. You know that guy, you know that guy that does half squats for sets of five with 95 and like scrolls on his phone for five minutes between each set. He's a lot of those guys. He's like 45 is got kids in a wife and he knows he needs to lift just to keep his health and his physique decent. Do you think he's coming back to the gym when one shot means he has everything he needs out of the gym? No, he'll never see him again, which is kind of sad because he'll never see him again. He was great. His name was Jim. It's kind of great because now you have the powerack all to yourself and the only people in gyms are really really really hard core ones that want that extra little bit out of it or to focus a ton on one strength feed or one part of their physique or whatever. Because the other thing, some people will still do full on fitness and remain completely genetic editing free. God bless them. That's awesome. Some will do edits for vibes and perhaps to fill out the potential like early gene editing doesn't get because here's the thing there's lots of genes that exercise targets and lots of proteins that are created and so they're going to start to have one or two proteins and genes that hit central regulating factors that treat like 60% of all the stuff you want from exercise than 65 and 70 and 75. That's going to be a few months minimum if AI really gets going or years if we do a kind of more traditional way. And then so you might continue to do exercise because not all of the exercise benefits are right up front got men by these gene vectors and by these protein modulators but more and more over time. So there's going to be place for some stuff for a while but that place is reducing for folks that are not hardcore for sure. What does this mean for you for your future planning? First thing this is not formal investment advice I'm absolutely not qualified for that and I just invest in general shit anyway. I would not sell your house to invest in big box gyms five years from now to 15 years from now. Why? Most of the attendees of big box gyms you know planet fitness is you know LA fitness 24 hour fitness those kinds of gyms. Most of the attendees at those gyms most of the ways gyms make money is from people that only go to the gym to really just get like a giant marine checkmark that says you exercise you burn some fat and you build some muscle and you got some health. When that's available in a pill and later when that's available in a shop that you take once and then you just stay in shape the rest of your life you got a bullet Scott am I going nuts or like half of those people not coming back the next day? For sure they don't want to be there to begin with it's a very different thing you want to be there when you don't and so big box gyms are going to go out of business like crazy maybe before but sure shit during this revolution at some point. That's a thing. Hard core hypertrophy or strength gyms will survive much longer because having this first wave of medications is going to make people even more psychotic at those gyms because they're finally guys imagine this the thing that used to hold you back from being hard core to fitness is you loved it but your genetics weren't that great. Now your genetics are amazing where you're going to be even even the gym the next day. I'm going to look like God himself it's going to be awesome so those hard core facilities are going to hang in much longer probably a safer bet here's another thing if I were a young high school student early college and I was planning on what to go into I would pivot to learning how to manage people psychology to coaching running to coaching cycling to coaching dancing kickboxing grappling surfing etc. People are going to love doing all those things are going to do it more than ever because they're going to be in great shape and these things are fun. Over indexing on personal training exclusively for body recomposition just by itself might time out in about 15 years because 10 to 15 years from now genetic adoption might be depending on how the future plays out either almost complete or really getting going and then imagine if you're ROI though thing you have to offer other people is why don't work with crazy athletes or anything I just just general people trying to get in shape you're in tired demographic basically got deleted out and by deleted out I mean helped so much by these other things this is don't need you anymore. I mean this is something that is happening similar to regular TV versus Netflix prime and all that other stuff. You used to be you got your fun from regular TV and it was limited and like Scott can you imagine someone who in the year 2026 is starting in college and it's like hey kid what do you want to be there like well gee whiz mister I want to be a cable television producer. He's just Scott's laughing because that's what they would do they laugh why hell you want to do that Netflix and YouTube and prime are 90% of the market share now that's how it's going to be with personal training to just get in basic shape it's going to be a solve problem I wouldn't over index on starting your career in something like that I could be wrong about this folks but think about it yourself and come to your own conclusion which by the way is which should be in for every piece of information you get sure should on this channel it's after should I say it's just lies um if you're almost out of high school starting college personal fitness trainer is not a career I'd recommend unless you're really passionate about then go to and get retrained later um I would say it's kind of analogous to be like if the year is 1988 and you're training to be a typewriter repairman it's all computers after that dude typewriters die in the mid 90s it's not where you want to be there are caveats to this so point number six we have caveats number one regulation could stall this timeline by five to 10 years here's how it would happen gene editing is going great one person gets a gene edit somebody's famous brother and la are some shit nasty some kind of allergic reaction or transgenic reaction and they croak senator congressman starts a petition scared parents don't want gene editing to kill their kids etc and all of a sudden we just have like a five year moratorium on any new development that's it that's five years of nothing getting done you're even by the shit you can't even find it on the market entire industry is just like wither on the vine overnight it can happen one percent can happen and get it pushed down by five years it can get pushed out by 10 years I hope to God that one happens in these things are awesome but it very well could the other perspective advancements in artificial super intelligence which I think are damn near for sure other people think maybe maybe not I consider them likely and social adoption I think is an even chance might mean that by as early as 2030 genetic upgrades are already spreading around how so check this out right now there are drugs the pipeline for drug development looks like this the pharmaceutical company has their scientists develop candidate drugs on computers or in wet labs and they're like okay this drug we think it's going to work what they do is they usually do their own phases of animal trials because they don't want to waste the FDA's time and get all the stupid approval for everything the animals didn't die in the effect was demonstrated as like well this thing really does what we want after that they start going to the FDA trials process where it's multiple animal trials situations and then three usually three stages phase one phase two phase three of human trials that whole process tear it tear to be takes five years and realistically takes like 10 that's how drugs are made almost all the drugs that you will get on the market released in let's say 2026 are going to be drugs that were on the drawing board in like 2015 I kid you not pre AI literally just didn't have a eye back then and so what's going to happen is all these drugs are going to the pipeline and they're going real slow when AI starts crapping out these drugs that are small molecule drugs let me tell you another thing a lot of these drugs for muscle growth and stuff even the ones we've talked about about this channel they're called biologics which is the very complex molecules if you shake it like this the whole molecule is destroyed if you put it in the sun for two seconds and it's direct sunlight the whole molecule gets destroyed if the during shipping the thing sees any amount of heat for five minutes the molecule gets destroyed so these biologics you have to have to go to a hospital or an infusion center and get them IV into you once a month otherwise it just don't work and they cost $10,000 per IV infusion so it's like okay those are the new drugs coming out fine AI and actually pre-air ready this is happening but the AI is going to happen 100 times more often for the same effect on target for the same increase in muscle growth you'll have drugs coming out when these drugs are in phase two trials the older ones the biologics the ones you need to infuse small molecule drug drops into animal trials and it is 1000 times cheaper to make completely stable in two years in a cool dry place you can shake the f*** out of it unless you have like some kind of super crazy velocity device centerfuge you're not going to shake the drug out of effect in addition to that it's oral and non-toxic you just take it in a supplement every day that biologic drug might never even make it to phase three because the regeneran pharmaceuticals are ever something like pan for all that shit we're canning this drug altogether small molecule that goes through trials and then everything gets better but hold on a second small molecule drugs are amazing but what about genetic editing that same company as the small molecule trials approach phase two could have gene editing drugs or gene editing vectors that solve the whole problem one shot one kill so they might be like well we'll still release this drug but like two months later we release the gene edits so what might happen is in 2028 we'll get hit with biologics in 2029 we get hit with small molecule drugs which make the biologics totally worthless and then out in 2030 people are starting gene editing already so this whole cascade can happen a lot faster Scott remember how long you don't literally remember neither one of us was live but the vinyl discs the original the records right that was like 20 or 30 years the technology used then you had eight track tapes that was like 10 years you had regular tapes that was sort of 10 years maybe more like five CDs didn't last that long MP3's replaced CDs they didn't last hardly at all and then we went straight streaming Spotify whatever and that's the dominant paradigm every single new paradigm of tech lasted for less long because we were doing one of these exponential shits that same thing as highly likely in this scenario where it could be that we don't see gene editing until 2040 but it could be that as of 2030 drug companies don't even barely work on drugs anymore they just work on gene editing vectors because well why buy your drug after take it every morning after remember to take it blah blah blah why don't you just give me the shot once and make me upgraded so I never have to take the drug that might very well be happening as a matter of fact today if you have now about a million dollars you can already get this massive anabolic upgrade from getting your follow statin genes with if you go to like coaster reekers some shit like that now a lot of people have million dollars Brian Johnson got that treatment mr mr anti aging man he's great and you know I'm not going to coaster he could should know if that's coaster he can do you guys you great but I want my medicine tier one and so a lot of people won't do that but when the gene editing is 10 thousand dollars and it's one shot one kill and it's in you know American or Swedish hospitals and all of a sudden you get it in your mask statin works only half is good how many professional fitness people for 10 thousand do you think will take a drug that multiplies all of their future muscle growth by two Scott how many people spend 10 thousand dollars on a titty job and so many that's it man just multiply that number out and we got it right so here's another thing a big caveat I think a lot of people get like weird vibes from this dystopian housecap or all genetically modified like we're gonna be able to like an arm coming out of your chest I think it's highly likely like with all drugs so far no one will be forcing you to do any of this like with vaccines and stuff you can get other people sick with jackness and exercise drugs I don't even want to problem that you're not jacked or not exercising really is no infection stuff so there's gonna be a natty fitness industry they're gonna be a part of fitness industry which people are unmodified and that's gonna be thing I'm not sure how big it's gonna be in here is why it could be really big of people really reject the DNA stuff it could be really tiny if everyone's like response to genetic upgrades eventually like the respond to cell phones now like how many people do you know legitimately don't have a cell phone like it maybe it might be zero people and you're like well don't you want to stay an adi and they're like but the thing tells me where to go on a map and let's be talk to people like and pay online and I can pay with the phone at a terminal at a CDS why the when I have it and someone's like yeah I got one shot it costs it costs a 500 bucks but like now I just um you grow as much muscles I want look what like ah it's got a killie right not safe like why the hell am I not doing that so we'll see now last thing is this a good thing or a bad thing everything is a mixed back I think this is bad because it looks like commercial gym culture could be really declining fast once the big upgrades hit and that sucks gym cultures of I a lot of people like money out of commercials gym too so I'm gonna have to pivot nothing I think it's bad is because some folks gym folks personal trainers etc will have to retrain to help people with non hypertrophy problems because we'll have solved the hypertrophy problem but I think it's amazing because we those of us who want will no longer have to spend hours or of our weeks training we can do other valuable things and hobbies like you know helping people in need helping the homeless helping unparented children the needing other country veterans the elderly and honestly each other because I think a lot of people and this is research back are dying for more real world social interaction right now we're busy solving so many problems we haven't even gone around to that I think the average person wants something like 10 friends and has something like one to two or one to three there's a big friend deficit that we can all solve if we just met up and had a lot of fun together but we're busy working out and doing all kinds of other shit that doesn't allow for that so you can be unbelievable for most people is the end of the day for very many people not me and you for very many people exercise and getting jacked is a chore we could just just eliminate that shortly unbelievable now I think this is awesome personally because as soon as I get to have the body of my dreams without doing shit about it I'm going to deep dive so deep into Brazilian jutsu training which I do a little bit of now but I've been missing like crazy because after this body building thing if my body's taken care of I'm doing jutsu day night middle of night all that shit it's going to be unbelievable what will you do with your new free time that you'll have when you don't have to go to the gym anymore maybe 10 maybe 15 years it's jerking off isn't it I we all knew it was that I Scott what if they make a pill that I get on what never mind I'm not even going to go down that road guys we will be keeping you up to date and as many of these developments in modern medicine and modern science to get you upgraded to that next level physique on this channel as we can but for now we have the RP diet coach app and the RP diet purger fiat to help you on your way links in the descriptions and I'll see you guys next time you