Afection and orgasm is a thing that can really prepare you for better sleep. It works the best when you have someone to do it with. And good news, Scott, for us, very good news. It works in the direction of good still better than nothing if you're doing it by yourself. What if you're just wishing you had some of the do it with and crying? Tears are cathartic and that's also okay. Cool perfect. I don't know what I'm doing. Back in the game. What do you want? Oh, I'm Kim Rung. Again, video time. The evening wind down routine. And no, it's not just fapping at the bathroom, but that's huge part of it. We'll get to that in a bit. Here's the deal. The evening wind down routine almost doesn't exist because it's like the morning routines much less popular sibling. Scott, you know, like one of those two sisters and one of them is related to the other. And one of them is like rarely cute. But the other one kind of looks like a freak. And then people are like, oh my god, like you're related to Chelsea. She's like, yeah, she's my little sister. And you're like, oh, she's cool. But you're ugly. Are you allowed to tell people out? That's probably rude. That's probably not how middle school. It's exactly how middle school works. It's tough, right? Scott, to be that other sister. It would be hard to be the ugly one. God, what do you tell yourself? Because people refer to you as the ugly one. Yeah. Like, oh, you're the ugly one. Yeah. Then in any case, the wind down routine has huge, huge benefits. And I think it might be as important to not more important than the morning routine for a few reasons. One is that morning routines are just overrated. It's some kind of weird social media obsession. I don't really know why I think it started off as a decent advice. And then I got into who could make the wackiest morning routine that was the longest and most pointless. And that gets the most close just out of people just like looking at it and doing scrolling. And so because of those two things, I think people think, yeah, morning routine is like super important. They're actually not super important. Another thing is you're too busy to do them. Scott, how many morning routines have you seen people just like abandon after two days? Oh my god. All of them, maybe. Like, I'm not going to wake up and go to the front. And so on off that, I got to go to work. My kids are crying. Dog hasn't had food. Real world type of stuff. That's your real morning routine. As you're realizing, there's no way to run. You're trapped in the suburban hellhole and that's your life. Am I talking about myself? Now, crystal feeds the dog. That's nonsense. And good relaxation sets up good sleep. And both of those are incredibly important for all of stress management. Whereas like the morning routine, if you just get out of bed and start doing work stuff, that's 90% of the way done. However, if you screw up your evening routine, it costs you relaxation, which drops of a tea for your whole week. At times, it keeps you sane and effective and smarter and better recovered for training. And then sleep is like, maybe the most important thing you do all day, other than your day of being alive and doing anything at all, sleep is critical to staying more muscular, leaner, way more sane, super productive, super smart, and kind to people. If you have an ad sleep in a while, you can be kind of a dick. Sometimes you're a dick to begin with, so when you haven't had sleep, you're really, really bad. And yes, I am talking about myself. Actually, JK, when I, Scott, did you know that when I under sleep, I turned into like super chill vibes and I love everything? Really? No joke. If I get too much sleep, I'm pissed. That's weird. Yeah, it's totally backwards. In any case, let's talk about how to get your evening routine. Sorted, get the BS out, get the good stuff in, and then at the end, I'll even share my personal wine down routine. Do not replicate it unless you want to become 40 years old, Jewish, balding, hairy everywhere, then wear accounts, and constantly deeming your erectile dysfunction doctor. It still isn't working daily, sometimes several times a day. Couple of suggestions. First is you want to clock out from big brain work. Deep thought kind of stuff, major work tasks, major concerns in your life, about two to three hours before your bedtime. There's like this, Scott, you see all those movies about like Wall Street, and lawyers, and stuff, with a like finish writing their last manuscript, or do their last trade, and they're like, and then they just like fall asleep in their chair, and that's how success happens. You know what I'm talking about? You got to work all the way from Sun up to Sun down. Let me tell you about those people in real life. First of all, half of them have panic disorder, and up like getting institutionalized in the fears. The rest of them were addicted to alcohol and cocaine. The rest of those that aren't, are lying, and they actually do plenty of shit before they go to bed. And then there's like one or two percent freaks that just do that, and then have a panic attack 10 years later when they're billionaires. These are not people you want to copy. No one really does this in the real world, except for few stragglers who just like are better than everyone. Come, you're not going to be like them. No big deal. Maybe you are. You can try it, but the ideal place to start is where science recommends, and then go from there. So yeah, you want to stop doing serious stuff, about two or three hours before you go to sleep. That includes hard cardio and lifting. So basically, you're putting into the end of your day, a two to three hour period, in which you do just really chill vibe stuff. Not just to prepare to go to sleep, the end of that will be that, but most of it's just to actually relax. Like think of the end of the day, just being one long... Like that, instead of like, I'm going to answer emails and go to Slack, whatever the hell that is, whoever invented that crazy programmer, people just bother me with tasks. I don't want to do tasks. I'm done doing tasks. What about easy mode cardio? What if I want to walk my dog? What if I want to just walk in the treadmill, listen to some music or podcasts? That's actually totally cool up until about an hour before bed. So Scott, you know how you like to walk around your neighborhood and check out other neighbors, dogs and see if maybe you want to steal slash about them later? Yeah, of course. Totally fine. Up until an hour before bed. Ah, that's, that's, it's raining in his notebook. So that's totally a thing. So hard training is training which gives you super out of breath, gets you sweaty. That's a two probably more like three hours before you got to cap that stuff. Whereas easier cardio can be done up to an hour before bed. That means again, you want to budget that exhalation window about two or three hours. Every week night, you want to take to yourself to relax. If you want to go in the comments and say, but I'm too busy to do that, listen, you know what I'm saying? Life deals us the cards and we play him, but if you can re-architect your life to some extent to give yourself as the much chill time towards the end of the evening as possible, it's going to be a really good thing. And I have one way in which you can do it. A lot of people, they'll kind of work and rest and work and rest through the day. And there's not a damn thing wrong with that. But if you can manage to stack a bit more of your work earlier in the middle of the day, so that you can free up more time towards the end, you get this natural rhythm towards the day or throughout the entire day where stuff is really hard and then you finish your hard stuff and then you easy stuff and that easy stuff is a nice long block which allows for a deeper total relaxation which is just better. This is a certain amount of relaxation you just can't get for an hour. Even if it's three hours of the day, but it's one hour at a time and it's first with work. Each hour ends the relaxation in your back to work. But if you can stack all three of those hours at the end of your day, you're going to have a deeper and more effective relaxation. In addition to that, because that relaxation period is right before sleep, not only does it good for its own relaxation benefits which are enormous, but it also primes you for sleep whereas if you do the three hours of relaxing in the middle of the day somewhere and the only the last hour is before bedtime, you might not get to sleep as easily, you might toss and turn more, your sleep quality might be worse and everything down the line. So really trying your very best to have chill times at the end of the day is a really good idea, really really good idea. Now let's talk about how to eat in the nighttime routine times. So the thing with food is that there is, I can give you a general recommendation which is true for most people. But when you train and what diet you're on is going to have a big effect. Like if you're training from five to seven PM and you go to bed at like 10 or 11, then when you come home at seven 30, you're going to have probably the biggest meal of your day. If not one of them, super high carb, moderate fat, super high protein because you need to refuel your body and you'll have another meal an hour before bedtime that's very high protein, moderate carbs or moderate fats, low carbs in which that meal is going to look more like the meal you're typically recommended to have earlier, but it's just because you were training later is no other way around. However, if you can try to make that last meal of the evening something like two to three hours before you go to sleep. Try to keep at high and protein as usual the normal amount of protein you have per meal, even a little more can keep your muscles doped up on protein through more of the night than they otherwise would. Maybe like 25% more protein than usual is totally fine, but even if it's just the same amount of protein and 50 grams, 40 grams, 35 grams, eat per meal, no problem at all. You want to go moderate low on the carbs and the fats are for example. If I'm eating a meal that has like 65 grams of protein, I might choose to have it with like 20 or 25 grams of carbs and maybe something like 15 grams of fats. So like a handful of nuts, a whole bunch of lean chicken breasts and maybe like an apple. That's a pretty good late night meal. Obviously the Greek yogurt crowd, yes you guys are great. There's case you're protein tons of different choices. What you don't want is kind of two main things. Maybe three. One is you don't want high calories. Super high calorie meal right before bed, even close to bed keeps your heart rate elevated, your blood pressure elevated and the digestion actually increases your body temperature. That shit all keeps you awake and even if you fall asleep, it's going to reduce sleep quality for the first third of the night. That's not no good. High carbs do much of the same thing and high fats through their buffering of calories also do a similar thing. So high protein is very good, but you want to keep the carbs and fats lower. You might be able to have decently high carbs but very low fats. Pretty high fats but very low carbs are no carbs at all. As long as the overall calorie load of that meal is probably smaller than your average meal by a little bit or at least not bigger. You definitely want to avoid a ton of food before bed. It doesn't eat a lot of food before bed taste really good though and do that's what I'm most hungry. Yeah, like eight nine p.m. Yeah, go for it. Yeah, you're also supposed to fall asleep like earlier at night, like a 10 or 11. That's healthy and shit like that. I hate doing it. I want to fall asleep at two a.m. after a bunch of McDonald's. But this channel exists to tell you what is a good idea to do. It does not always the thing you want to do and then it's up to you to kind of parse the difference. Turns out that if you have a lot of fluids in the hours before bed, you get the old big bladder and you do one of two things. One, you can scrub your sleep a little bit by waking up at night to pee. I would wake up at least two times at night to pee and I go right back to sleep. It doesn't bother me but I'm dreaming halfway through the shit. I don't even aim my dick half the time. I pee. Scott, you ever seem my bathroom IPL over the place. I don't get a shit. I'm disgusting. The other thing you can do which I like to do at least half the time, you guys, Scott, you know how when you wake up and especially when it's cold and dark outside, it's like winter and shit you can hear like rain and snow. Just don't want to get out of bed. Oh, of course yeah. And you had that dream where like you're like in the bathroom and you're peeing and it feels so good but you know it's a dream and in the dream you're like I have to wake up and go pee. Of course I have those all the time. But I gotta get out of bed to do it. But it's warm and comfy. Hey, between us. Don't tell anyone. At least half the time your boy's peeing the bed. Who gives a shit? We have a big bed. My wife sleeps way on the other side to shit. queues me that occasionally smells like urine. Yes. Do I clean up the urine? Guys, how the hell are you supposed to clean up something cake into a mattress? You tell me comment below. Low fluids at night is what I'm trying to say. So what does that mean in practice? That means you don't have to like reach 7pm and be like, not a lot to have any fluids anymore. Just like if you have like a diet soda that you really love to drink, pour yourself a little bit of glass and sip that shit versus being like hell yeah. You're like, uh, I'm just going to drink this diet red pop, which is the best soda ever made ever made. Scott ever made. This is not at the debate. This is just me yelling at you. You're an idiot. You're off the channel. We're looking for you at a girl who's not an insane person. I'm sorry. What did you what did you say about me? I don't even really like it that much. Fuck you. Keep that one in do not end that out. We're a lot of few efforts every now and again. You got diet red, red pop. You want to drink the whole thing. It tastes good. I understand. It's made purely of red chemicals that scientists have yet to identify but it's probably not bad. Super bad for your health. Don't do it because then you're just going to wake up at night to pee. So just have like a little bit of a mindfulness about like, hey, it's getting to last kind of two hours one hour here. I'm just going to sip a little something as long as I'm not actively thirsty. I'm good to go. Then you wake up in the morning. We have a whole morning routine video. I guess is already out probably. And then we tell you, hey, like hydrate when you wake up much better of a deal in that case. All right. So that's the nutrition component and the general component of like how to structure your day. What are you exactly supposed to be doing though? If you're supposed to be relaxing your mind and chilling out, I have a few ideas. One is stuff you want to skip slash limit. So this is the stay away from list. Twitter battles. Scott, let's do a quick Twitter battle here. You and I ready? Hey, you're to the opinion on the following issue. I also don't understand like you don't understand is stupid because you're on team red and I'm blue. Blocked. Oh. Oh, no, hold on. Oh, wait. No, we got to argue. No, no, no, I got to get good going. Comment on my post on my own post. I can't believe at person. I'm not allowed to tag anymore blocked me. What a bitch. That's perfect. My team. Hold on. People get in there and they're like, yeah, but he's cool. No, he's not. You suck block them and they just keep going on all night. Twitter battles are fun if you have no friends, no future, no hope, but in reality they're not. And even if they are fun, they're too much fun to get you go and they get you riled up, you get really pissed about stuff, getting your nervous system primed for fighter flight, not a good idea in the evening. So don't do Twitter battles. Don't do Instagram battles. Reading the news, looking at the news on the television is not a good idea. This is something of the economist Brian Kaplan says a lot better than me, but I'll say it anyway and do a worse job. The news has almost nothing to do with summarizing a logical structure of a world of ants that you should be availed to. It is almost everything to do with just poking on your chords of fear, fear, fear, panic, panic, panic, everything's going to hell. And that tends to do what fighter flight and then it's bad for your sleep. So news is bad idea. Political podcasts usually get people riled up. I mean, Scott, here's a good recommendation. I highly encourage you guys in the last 50 minutes of your day to turn on and yes, it does exist. The C-Span channel on YouTube that's where they have a specific sub channel for congressional hearings. You will be out like a light. There's no anyone's making it through that shit. It's just a bunch of old people ruffling their papers to see what to ask Sam Altman about AI because they don't know what the hell AI is. It's amazing. But political podcasts to get you going, get your riled up, not a good idea. Here's one. Here's a big one you guys. Work emails and quick replies to your cell phone, like work texts or slacks. A person who is a big influence on how I judge myself in my life of my productive or not is a Mr. Nick Shaw. And he happens to be the CEO and co-founder of everything that you see. And front of you, including me, that's right, next technically my dad. If you had a cybernetic upgrade, Scott, you'll appreciate this. When you could just get his phone implanted into his skull and keep it on forever, would instantly be the first volunteer. Yes, never leaves his hand. You can find Nick day or night. I swear to God, he sleeps with his phone. Because he runs the company and it's his company and he's asked to be in the loop. Nick, luckily, genetically sleeps like you would not believe. At 9pm his head hits the pillow or not. He'll just sit up watching TV and just pass the sound. And then at 630 he gets up right as rain. He doesn't have that problem. Most people are not like Nick. You have to have if it's important to you to get good sleep and you're stressed and you need a better evening wind on routine. Everyone in your whole organization, the whole stack that is relevant to you needs to be informed of the fact that after 7pm or 8pm or whatever it is in your life, you are black out, your God, you're in transit, you're in a tunnel underneath the Pacific. You might as well be dead. You don't know that and they care about you and your functioning machine and organization. They don't want to break you. You take your phone. You put on a do not disturb and you resist the temptation. Scott, you're sitting on the couch and I'm wondering what slacks you're doing. Scroll to slack. You don't ever do that. I don't ever do that. JK, I do sometimes do that. I'll get high on marijuana in the weekends which is intentionally, most on plug-man be a coder. Wonder if what's on slack. Don't do that. Don't look at your text. Don't look at slack. Don't look at email. There's this addiction to a quick little hey just a quick thing and if your person who does a pretty decent job at anything it's like five people and anyone hour bothering you for little quick things which for them are little and quick but for you is your entire workday extended into your wind down. You got to cut off from any kind of input channels that you don't want around. Nothing competitive. Nothing adrenaline spiking. So playing video games is super fun but maybe like an hour or two before bed you could even cut that jazz out especially if you yell obscenities and racial slurs at the screen during shooting video games which I've never done before. Scott they're all 12 year olds that are better than me right? There's like no one with a job and a girlfriend that can beat me at like more like I'm definitely known with a call of friends. Yeah for sure. What about those gamer girls that are like quirky and nerdy but it looks like they can have sex with people because they look okay. That's just an AI driven illusion isn't it they're not real people. They're not good at games. I don't think. No yeah there's like oh my god I love gaming yeah. Yeah. Yeah by the way if you're funny you're funny you're out of here. Not a pry all those girls can beat me at video games in any case. What should you do? I got definitely stuff to do and then stuff maybe to try that's maybe it's a big maybe. One is chill convo. Low stakes convo. So like not like hey trying to like like figure out the whole meaning of why the hell we're still in this relationship but more like just chill banter with friends and family totally cool. Face to face or is the number one? Face time is number two video chat. Number three is phone and text is kind of last. Text has this thing where you send a text and you kind of have an anticipatory response and a little bit of a fighter flight and then they respond back and you chill and then it's kind of a little bit more of a wave. Sometimes they're like forget they were talking to you and fall asleep and you're like like checking your phone and stuff it gets you back at a phone checking rhythm you don't want. So ideally you want in real life you don't have anyone talk to real life. I honestly I mean this 100% talk to chat to be to you. It'll be the best friend you've ever had. It is better than you at almost every friend thing and it'll prove it to you by loving you more than anyone's love you. I would know for personal experience. Taking your walk is a getting a bit of a stretch in doing some chill yoga not psychotic hot yoga stuff. Meditating is cool if you're into that sort of thing I am but I do mind post work out so no big deal. Casual reading. You know Scott you probably read like guns and ammo quarterly right? Of course. Yes. I can just see that magazine cover now like how to build your own like AR platform and then on top right hand corner is the left is coming for everything like how to raise a family in the bottom. Anyway I'm done. Habitankering Scott the Habitankering what comes to mind here you're like the guy that has the table size simulation of the batty battle of Gettysburg and you are 100% also a serial killer but you like to tinker with the little figurines and make sure of these perfect. Like pain and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I'm up in a range. I might see a rod. Yes. And you have figurines that you ordered and they're in a box and someone comes over. They're like why on those on the table like technically he's older from the American Civil War and there would be an aspirinist there because they're a bad bad battle of Gettysburg. How could you? And then so that's why no one comes over and I'll ask you that question. Slow paced chill TV. Cat videos just good vibes. If you want to Jesse James West video some shit and I'll make you laugh a little bit. Nothing to like oh my god. My wife and I have a thing where in the first part of our evenings recently we're watching the Star Wars show and or which is like one hundred percent at the edge of your seat like is everyone in the rebellion gonna die in the next scene or someone not gonna die and are we gonna quote unquote when even though I know that the battle of the Abbot occurs later and we don't win until a while. That's a lot. So afterwards we switched to stupid YouTube where we watch like 90s shows you forgot had Bill Cosby in them and they're weird now. Let's cut that's weird huh. Yeah. Other stuff to try. First, brain dump journaling at the end of your hard thinking work day. Get your notebook out. Get your pencil and paper. Throw them left away because it's 2025. Go to chat GPT and just talk about how your day went. Maybe some of your accomplishments and potentially right in your iPhone or other smartphone your tomorrow's to do list. This puts like a capstone like an end of your day kind of where. Wrigh and done with this and then you can go on to do whatever the hell you want to do. It's really awesome and it's been actually shown in the literature to reduce sleep latency which is measured as like the time you put your head to the pillow until the time where we actually start snoozing. About 10 minutes, 10 whole minutes of reduced sleep latency from not having to think about shit in your life anymore. Scott, that makes sense right? Like you're like I'm done with it. Whereas otherwise if you're not done with it you're like it's like 11 30 or fall asleep like hell am I supposed to be doing tomorrow. Did I finish that thing or a little bit more? It's a really good idea to just end that stuff early so you can start to chill. Another one is doing like a mini 10 minute meditation or some kind of breathing exercise or some kind of yoga and some kind of stretching. This stuff works but it only works if you get into it and you start liking it otherwise it's it's self a little bit stressful. That's a good idea to try. Here's a big one. This is something to try only if you have the ability to do but if you have the ability to do you should really do it. It's the the the dim the cave lighting protocol. Scott are we human now that we do protocols? That's right. Maybe he was just cool. It's going to make jokes that are for really adult the robbers just kind of I've off. How does this work? Something like three hours before you go to bed. Most of not all rooms of your house that have a dimmer switch turn to dim halfway. There's super easy simple explanation for those requires almost no science. Over literally billions of years of evolution but the development of the eye and complex neural networks millions of years of evolution. Every organ is about this planet that doesn't live like in a cave or under the sea has a daytime and nighttime light cycle that it responds to. And so nowadays because we have giant projector lights like the three of them I'm staring at right now in the studio it's weird to your nervous system because it can be 10 o'clock at night almost ready to go to bed and your eyes detection wise are like it is still one PM in the daytime as far as I'm concerned. And it's not crazy bad for anything but it futs us with all of your neural chemistry to tell you like hey but you're not really ready to go to sleep yet man there's like jaguarious and stuff out there you got a chill of god and like get your spear out and go hunting or something like that. So if in the last three hours during that entire little wind down block you dim all the lights to halfway then not only does it set kind of a cachil vibe but also it tells your brain like hey it's evening time and then a few hours later your brain's going to get your nice and tired nice and sleeping you're good to go. This is such a thing in our house that the doctor crystal and also by contract allows Mike to live in her house house um we like when I take my evening shower don't where I'll get to my evening routine a second uh I have that lights halfway dimmed. Scott sometimes I think I'm washing my own junk but I'm washing someone else's all together. It's so dark in here how am I supposed to tell also why the because another guy's junk in my house. I'll take it. Deming the light is a really really good idea. If you can't do it okay you're not going to do it but at least limit how much time you spend in bright rooms and maybe get the TV going and just turn off all the other lights and better them not. Another one is to take a strategic warm shower uh actually pretty hot shower a nice hot shower for about 10 minutes. Scott you know that hot shower feeling when the hot water hits your back and you're like oh yes if we could bottle that we'd be so rich. It's the best. It's the best. I don't know what I had doing heroin feels like it's gotta be related to that feeling right like come on. It's amazing that feeling is awesome for you it actually rises your body temperature, rises, raises your body temperature and then later as you cool down it simulates some of the natural processes of cooling that occur before bedtime anyway ooh and it gives you the yons. When you get a nice hot shower going and then you towel off and getting your PJs or in my case nothing at all because your boy sleeps in the new. Did you want that mental picture in your head? Too bad you got it way way way way hold up. Hold up right Scott. Don't think of me naked. Don't do it. My whole body whatever that mangled shit down there looks like it's all airy everything's hairy that's how you start. As soon as you hit that shower and you get your PJs going or whatever like do a little sleepy and that's a really really good thing super relaxing it's super awesome and also ostensibly any showers to keep clean so all good things you can do two things that kind of make sense sequenced. Can very optional but these are dope. One is a gratitude reflection vibe session which can last literally 30 seconds or go on for hours if you like. In it's where you take stock of shit that's going well. She's your grateful for. And then you got a positive note can tell your brain like hey man everything is good and it really primes it for sleep at a psychological level. Whereas like Scott you don't say it if you think everything in your life is terrible like it kind of you know I'm saying it keeps you up because you're like I do something about this shit right? So that's really nice it's also good for your mental health like 50 other ways I won't get into in this video. The other one I really like this one is priming the next day and this is something you can do a little earlier in the evening but you put out your next day clothes you make sure you're to do list is good your calendar is good so that like when you go to bed you're just totally free and clear because tomorrow has already been prepared for that's a really big deal and here's my favorite one. Apparently according to chat GPTO3 which is smarter than you and me by a long shot. A affection and orgasm is a thing that can really prepare you for better sleep and good news Scott for us very good news it works the best when you have someone to do it with and it works in the direction of good still better than nothing if you're doing it by yourself. What if you're just wishing you had someone to do it with and crying? Tears are cathartic and that's also okay. Cool perfect then I'm good. Also you crying probably turns you on. Back in the game. Now there is some expensive stuff you can do. You can do sauna or hot bath 90 to 120 minutes pre bed. It's nice hot shower does much of the same thing for free. Red light therapy has been shown to potentially put you into a circadian alignment getting ready for bed. It has some skin perks. If you're riding a job so you can get a red light situation going if you don't have a lot of money no big deal. And for much cheaper you can take magnesium, glycinate or an elthinine supplement 30 minutes before bed and that can get you going. It doesn't work for everyone but sometimes it works give it a shot give it a thought. That's relatively cheap. Screen time. That goes into the dimming situation. So with the dimming situation we also want within 60 to 90 minutes flip the nighttime mode on all of your devices. Some of mine are set automatically so that you don't get a whole lot of blue light in your face. That's a really good idea. And if you like to scroll for your relaxation that's really good. But make sure you're scrolling is cat videos and what is it a follow a page called your daily dose of serotonin or something like that. We're just like some amazing pet video that's going to get you to cry. It's like a man that adopts a camel and they fall in love. It's wonderful. Shit like that. That's dope vibes. Not like all like your crypto like fun lost all of its money and it's no hope for living anymore. That's a bad idea. Now to the second to last part of this video, very important. I'm not going to get too deep into this because it's the evening wine non-reaching. Not exactly the how to sleep guide. Just the very basics of sleep hygiene. First you want to have your room very dark as dark as you can get it without being so afraid of the dark that the fear keeps you up at night. Scott, do you still have a nightlight? I do not. All your so brave Scott. Wow. Scott's been doing that every night. I don't front of everyone. I don't have a nightlight. I have five night lights from here to the bathroom. Scott, one of my recurring childhood nightmares is I wake up. I'm not awake. I'm still sleeping. And I walk to the bathroom and I'm kind of little freaked out and I hit the light switch but it doesn't work. That's prime horror movies though. That hits, doesn't it? Yeah. I do have a nightlight in the bathroom though just so I don't mess now. Right. We're pragmatic than fear base. Right. That's what I'm going to tell everyone too. It's pragmatic. I'm not scared of whatever kind of nonsense comes out of the dark which is everything. So dark is really good. Quiet is really good but something oftentimes beats quiet. Actually quiet is incredibly rare in nature. Mostly there's all kinds of ambient night noises and humans are used to falling asleep with that shit. So you can do earplugs but it's also cool to do a white noise app or just throw on YouTube and for like there just type in black screen rain into YouTube and there's like 50 trillion free videos that go for 12 or 24 hour straight and it's just rain sounds in the screen auto blacks and it's super super awesome. If you have the YouTube premium app you can just like turn any video on your phone that has sleep music click it so that your phone goes dark put your phone next to your bad plug it in and you're good to go. If you have distracting noises in your house it's not a good idea. Now here's what it has actually quite surprising to me when I learned it. Very cool is usually best. The way you know is that you're really comfy inside of your blankie and if you're outside of your blankie you're not comfy at all and you're really cold. 67 at the top end for most people degrees and 60 degrees at the bottom end. Scott 60's pretty intense hot. That's when you're a big man. I guess yeah I could easily sleep in 60 my giant Harry ass no problem. And so you want it to be like here's how to test it in another way to test it. If you have to get up and go use the bathroom at night you gotta be like holy shit that's a really good thing. If you're still cold and uncomfortable under your covers it's too cold. If you have to have your covers completely off the sleep and you just do this so that you like key can radiate away from you and you're still sweaty it's way too hot. Very important. Very important. For me this is a huge thing. If it's too hot in a room I might as well just like mapping on a sleep. Scott do you ever do that? We're like if you're only like a you're taking like a flight and it's too hot on the plane you're like, oh it's gonna sleep for two hours but that. Yeah absolutely it's not gonna happen. No big deal. comfy. I mean this is I'm not gonna talk about this much. The comfort you can make your bed the better. The purpose is comfort. Some people Scott you know some people get into like sleeping on the like the floor or a hard surface because like spine or bed if it's the difference. It's your spine. The hell away from me. Optimal relaxation is the entire purpose of sleep. The more comfortable the better. Don't you get at me with that hardwood floor shit. Um and obviously you want the room and the bed around you clean and neat because clutter looks like distractions to your brain and at sometimes gets you thinking like I need to clean the sub so clean, neat, dark, cool, comfy and quiet and or sleep noise and you're set. Now here's the last part. My personal wine down routine. There are unbelievable fitness influencers and lifestyle influencers out there that give you the absolute truth. There are other people that give you BS they don't ever really do themselves. I am squarely somewhere between the two camps just kidding. You're only gonna get the real shit for me ever and that's a corporate promise and a personal promise. So here's my actual wine down routine that I actually use myself. Do not copy me. Do you want to look like this? Exactly. First, pretty much every evening it's myself, my wife and our dog guany in the guany. She's beautiful and perfect in every way. That's a Brianna Terry quote by the way. And we cut it up together and we're on our comfy couch and we watch our large television set in its super fun that's how almost every evening ends in its amazing. Halfway through that evening or towards the beginning we'll get up and go take a walk around our backyard or around the neighborhood all together. 30 minutes, 45 minutes, sometimes 20 minutes. It's cool. Get our final steps in for the day. It's nice and relaxing. No matter what the season is even if it's raining we'll put a rain stuff out. We go. It's really really awesome. Sit down for more TV afterwards. It's really really dope. We have typically in the beginning of that three hour phase. We have our final meal or something like that. And at some point after this sort of situation after the walk, crystal my wife, she'll fall asleep, she falls asleep. Like you turn on a television, she'll fall asleep inevitably. It's just going to happen. That's when I switch away from the stuff we like together to nerd shit. Usually watch like digital combat simulator, dog fight shows like growling side, blinder, and a huge fan of that channel. All kinds of crazy nerd channeling you into is just a frankly embarrassing at this point just kidding. I don't all of it. It's dope. And the nerd stuff, it's fun, but it gets me kind of like you know, into like, oh man, I go sleep. And then I don't go to sleep. Why? Because I go to the bedroom where I do what? I get my VR headset. Then I go to the bathroom and then I do what you think I do the bathroom. She's got shut up. You'll judge me when I'm six feet in the ground. Bear me with my quest to VR headset, please, on me with the videos you know I like, that's how I want to die. And probably we will from a heart attack sooner than later. So yes, I do fat time and then I take a shower for you know, like fapping us disgusting. And a nice hot shower. I love to do that. I take my PM supplements. Usually I shoot a pharmaceutical grade growth hormone. Like I said, I'm just going to keep it real. And I check my to do list to make sure tomorrow is all set. Check my alarms that they're set. The calendar looks good. My clothes for tomorrow morning for training are out. And then I turn on sleep music. And I join my wife and dog on our bed. And we begin to worship Satan using our bodies. Note, note, note those Saturdays only go to sleep. And then voila, that's it. That's a real evening wind down routine from your boy. I don't attempt anything I do. And adult films are for adults only. I've been Dr. Mike. Let me know if anything like this is helpful. If you want to know anything about any other kind of routines. And I'll see you next time.