Yeah, give me a little more pause right here and whenever you touch it's a soft don't a little set Another He's so athletic Told you he had his bike I did that I could touch on oh Oh Who's doing just got penalized now Care for their ice be broke. Dr. Mike is her tell PhDs and It's not a real PhD. No, I University of Phoenix online. We're just agree with you So what's up? Who are you to talk smack to me? You would be tomato champa and a w w e wrestler We were gonna put him through a crazy psychotic workout, but he's like stop please fam And he pulled out his RPI virtual VIP app which he FRFR uses in real life But we're like your workout. I think you're down with the urban link. I love it how modern and To muscle legitimately just trains with the app all the time and you like it. I guess I love that Yes, we have a little hand in making it. No big deal. We'll sign you stage all this We staged a little bit of this in the back. Oh, yeah, with wrestling to never know what's real wrestling is real. I totally believe that and I also believe that Tomasos about to get a baller chess workout We're gonna do some machines. We're gonna do some freeway So we're gonna look at technique. We're gonna drive it hard. Jared's here. He invented technique And so he's gonna be he's the watchful eye Only looks at two things one your technique and two any brown women come along And so just something I understand in one surpasses like such seeds the other So if you're lifting but a brown woman walks by I'm sorry. I understand yeah, I'll take over the channel I look for you It's a pleasure to have you on the channel. You ready to lift weights and stop you have gibbered javelin a trim a best excited boom Jusseld just simply this it's really quite good He said that he used to do all kinds of stuff in the warm and take a while of ability blah blah And then Jared got him doing just lighter progressively heavier sets all the way into the first exercise And he's like other than every now and again when I'm like really tight from being on the road I don't know that means I'm not in the industry though He said it actually feels super super good to just do that workout because the warm-up with progressively heavier weights Takes care of everything physiological everything anatomical everything psychological and neurological all at the same time For exactly what it is you need to do so if you do an a crap load of other warm-ups High knees shit like that arm rotations that shit is dope and sometimes it works really well And if you need it, but experiment we're taking a little bit out of that stuff out of that program and do a couple more sets Leading into a lighter weights progressive behavior of your actual first exercise give that a shot in training You might find that you actually have better results and you don't do much of really hokey stuff extra sometimes the hokey stuff is okay, but a lot of times is so like oh I was I doing all that stuff when I could have just been doing the exercise All day one more Move it yep, go fit good it oh shit that was fuck boy Big moves come on one more Hit it now go go go go go go go go go go go go So my dad is a Wrestling fan these this high poo does the like you know you don't have to tell me it's big I don't I know we have this big idea In front of 250 people that was a pack house We're gonna have this thing where malones who I'm feuding with he jumps my brother and the crowd Rosemalty the barricade does this big thing to my brother in front of me while his his goons have me like Handcuffs to the ropes type of thing. Yeah, I Bring my brother in a day early who's not a wrestler to rehearse this we don't tell my dad no Not it it's great malot is boom throws my brother over my dad pretty big guy 61 To 60 at this boy probably lifts his crap and he starts swinging and he's red face And he's got the hoge and looked the ball top of his ear the dread he knows the punches one of his security guys Oh no, I'm just a child the real cops ambulance is gonna Hold the crowd like it washed it. I take my big big my brother to the bath I take my brother immediately in my car the backway and just leave scene because in my head I'm like I can't have people know this was script And we're out of here and then later deal with my dad It's a thing and big sister that was arrested. He was questioned and luckily the promoter like was like I knew me well enough. Yeah, yeah, that's what I just is great. Oh Go Ahh Hey Got this all fucking day just go to my cell control, the pause, up, speed, yes, right. Fuck yeah, fuck yeah. Smossed in 1953 sets, then right after he was done, drops out right to 135, then a set of like seven, and then as soon as he finished that, he rested in the morning line of time and then did one extra set. Awesome way to get a crap load of metabolites in there, minimize the load on the bar, maximize the effect of the muscles. That's that magic fellas. Oh man, that was great. Before I remember chasing the pump, yes, for like three hours. Three in and then like, then by the time I caught it, I felt like I was doing a bunch of jump-ups. Yes, you already tired. Yeah, this way I'm like, fuck this is real. First exercise every time I'm like, okay, where they are, I love it. Now we're just fine tuning. And if you guys want results like that, the RP had perrophy abs just to put away. Organic. Okay, organic. Organic. That's why cable fight. Let's go find one. And that's it. I heard you was talking about shit. This is the angle you want. This is on the first, yeah, let's try. How high do you want it up? It's still off somehow. Up one weird, no doubt. Is that right? Am I going nuts? No, that's even power, right? Yeah, which is like a list of me, I wanna just start doing a show. Yeah, that's good. That's good. Is that like right below the 10? What's that? I'm gonna hang it up. Yeah, let's take a look. Oh. So you're gonna go down. Up, down, on there. Down, up there, you go for that mega stretch. Perfect. Sync slowly and low. Tumaso is going to be doing bent over cable fights. The big cue here is you wanna maximize the stretch. So as you pull the handles apart or as you let them get slid apart, you're gonna be lowering your chest and opening it up. Big chest, it's a lower and open, big stretch pause. And then as you come up, you can rise a little bit. And as you go down, you can descend. You wanna open that big chest up for a huge stretch and then a nice little contraction. Well, I said some about 50 reps here. Let's get to it. Yep. Good. Two more. Descend, big chest. Yep. Yep, one more. Descend, slow, open up. Yep. That's it. Slow, oh sorry. You're gonna, you're gonna rock. Next time we'll just open up and then rock. Okay. So that was a little heavy. Little bit, yeah. I'll go down to 30 then. How many injuries have you had? I've had like 10 surgeries. All pretty major. Wrestling's not. Yeah. So I mean, in some of his football before wrestling, some of the wrestling, some probably just in a combination of not stopping between training, wrestling. And like what essentially what happens is you wanna be on a routine. You get an injury, you try to work around that injury. You get that point away like, we'll have to injury. You train through it too much. You know, it gets worse. Yep. But yeah, like doing this method, all my way to drop down, kept my intensity there though. That slow pause, like I said, you guys are like, the pump has been better, my love. But I know you're like, you're not going to have an injury. Training related. That's awesome. Since I started most of the time. I feel like some of the way we train is kind of like your combination of a picture-be training and auto rehab. Yeah. Because the slowest on tricks in the pauses that join awareness and mobility. It's like a lot of people last year, and I like, what do you guys do from a ability? And we're like, have you seen how we train? Like if you can sink your ass hold to the fucking ground in the spot, your bowl bowl. You guys are also in this crazy dynamic sport. And you have to train for hypertrophy to eject and shit. And you're completely pumping up a pretty slow down. Yeah. But like it's cool, because you can use that deep, slow, eccentric, build a lot of muscle. And then the whole entire concentric phase where you're being forceful. And it's just good on both rooms. It's the only sport that I, that I, like maybe amateur wrestling with great classes too, but like you watch football plays basketball play seven and like a little bronze James, he never has to worry about his body fat percentage and his appearance. So he's just supplementing and training just for performance. Yeah. And like we have to perform, but we can't train to play. Yeah. Very, yeah. Nobody cares so much. You can clean and jerk if you don't look apart. Yeah. It's a real, it's a tough one. Yeah. Now you get one, mine. All right, let's do it. Pause. Yeah. One. Open up. Yeah. One more. Yeah. Slow. Chest up. Slow. Rack. Ah. That was brutal. All right, I'm going to go find you an incline. I'll see you guys there. Yep. Thank you. Last chest exercise for the day here is going to be incline. Dumbbell press. You guys are going to notice that tomato does a slow eccentric. Touching the dumbbells just outside of his chest with a full pause every time. And you have to hear Jared rather give a great cue. If you have trouble feeling your chest instead of on the concentrate folding in, which is totally fine. If you're totally good to feel your chest, you have trouble feeling your chest instead of arcing in your shoulders at the top kind of pushing it forward, which a lot of people do naturally because your body naturally thinks of pushing something away from itself. But what you want to do is push yourself away instead and keep your chest up. So not only do you keep your chest up towards the bottom, but you keep your chest up all the way up. It's going to destroy your chest if you have a problem in my muscle connection. That's something to try. Chest up. Chest up. Better. Big chest. Slow pause. Storm. No, this thing don't be tightness. Chest and ceiling. One more. Slow. No. Chest up. Speed. Ah. That's right. Woah, yeah. Big chest. Big chest. Big chest. Fast. And there. Good. Damn. Wait, it's got that last one. Woo. Nice. But you always do that as if another. Yes, that's gotten me to. Yes, I just did my brain when I was an excellent. Excellent. I always even affected another. Who was your WWE crush when you were growing up watching wrestling? So much guy. No, no, no. Come on. My guy because it's a kid. That's what it is. My guy. I don't know whether for me. And what is this? I'm straight. I'm crooked as crap. It was a crap for me. Okay. The first girl that I saw that I was like. Two weeks. Damn. Feeling things I shouldn't. Was sunny. Which I didn't know that was. I'd ask to be like early teenage years. I wouldn't say that. Yeah. Yes. A little bit more of a pause. Yeah. I don't know what to do. I just saw. Don't a little set. No. No. I just cracked it. It's a bit different. It's open. Open. Open. Give me a three second pause at the bottom. All the way down. One. Two. Three. Beautiful. Rack. Oh, it was going to go up. In my mind, I'll be maybe I'll try to get what it's surprising. No. No. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Labs? Just cast. Let's do your calves. Let's do your calves. Fuck. We never do calves. New research has confirmed what we've respected for a while. Which is the stretch is the critical part of hypertrophy training. So what I want you to do when you're doing these is that peak contraction where you hold it, we're going to ditch that all together. You're going to do is you're going to sink down all the way as deep as you can and hold it for three whole seconds at the very bottom. And then you're gonna pulse up to gently get that full range of motion really quick. And then back slow, three second all the way at the bottom. It's gonna be fucking terrible. Three, two more, slow, one, two, three, one more, one, two, three, wrap. Ouch. Oh yeah. Can I pump him suck? That's a pump, that's a key. You hate him hot. I think they look really cool, but it's painful to get them. I know I saw that. Oh yeah. Two, three, that's it. Good stop. Good stop. Noosh. You'll be feeling that tomorrow. Yep. Nothing like going to wrestle three matches now. Oh shit. We're sick. What do you think about the workout? I love it. I love the very much. I've been doing yourself for a while. I started, I talked to you about I started watching all the videos, just putting it in my notes in my phone, because I'm not a program guy, I've never been. But then I got put on that like beta, let's put whatever. So I think I'm on Messo six or so on the app now. What do you think? It's not so I use it legit, but it's not even. I use it everywhere I go. It's great for the road because of the plug-in medic today. I just, oh, I normally do this with Ben Hacks. I'm gonna have some of some student machines. Yes. It's very functional. It's perfect for what I do. And it keeps me in check like your natural instinct wrestling, especially road gems. New equipment, new machine, new scenery. You will ever tell yourself. Yes. Plus you have to wrestle, plus you have to get up flight and a car ride. And it's just like it's a recipe for injury. So this is like, it's a good lifesaver. Can you see the check? That's, you can at least keep the training consistent. You know, more than you go to the gym. You don't want to back use it anymore. Yeah, yeah. Like sometimes, I like, oh, I just want to kind of hit it quick workout. And I start without the app and I want to plug in my numbers. Yeah. Huge pleasure having you on the channel. Yeah, a big fan of you guys. So much, big fan. Likewise. And that's the luck. Feeding up those overgrown monsters. Thanks. Great. Appreciate it.