I tried this drug while I was on 5 milligrams of tersepatide, which is the current most powerful fat loss drug ever made. MK677 done basically cancelled half of that shit. You can kind of expect maybe about 3 to 5 pounds of muscle in the course of roughly 12 weeks of using those. Now here's the thing, I don't sound like a lot, but 3 literal pounds of muscle you keep after 12 weeks. Ah man, that's a big deal. Paphocs Dr. Mike here with RP Strength and the Gaines pill is like a real thing, but it has dire consequences. If you misuse it's scared yet, enough to not click away. Well, let's get into it. So check this out. MK677 sounds like some kind of research chemical developed in the... One of the moons of Saturn far away from crying human eyes, they don't have military clearance, and in fact that's not entirely wrong. Saturn parts off the moons parts off the military clearance sort of off. But it is really actually a research compound. And I tried it a while ago and it shocked me. Scott, it shocked me in a way that I found confusing to my sexuality. Did you know that? Oh, like you kind of found the shock painful, but then you kind of wanted some more. This is me now, I like this. I get it. Yeah. So I was really taken aback by the effects of this magic muscle gain pill. And it actually hit me that it really could be a useful substance for risk tolerant older folks, especially, who have trouble gaining real trouble gaining weight and muscle. And it has some serious potential. So let's dig in and do the whole deep dive, all the science. Let's kick it. So first of all, what is MK677 is an oral research compound. So you don't have to inject it, it just comes in a pill. And it basically has the end effect of telling your own body to release more of its own growth hormone. And growth hormone does all these magical magical things for making you jacked like secreting IGF1 and so on and so on and so. It also helps with recovery, it helps with sleep and helps with a huge part of the spectrum of making you gain. And it was initially created to try to be a drug that pharmaceutical companies would self-tafite age-related muscle loss. But it never passed through the approval trials because it had a few quirks about it that weren't that great. I will absolutely tell you what those quirks are, which is why no supplemented drug advice you ever get on this channel is going to be like, hey, you got to get out there and do this. This is really serious stuff with very serious downsides that if you don't manage properly or too young to do is going to hit you in the face and you're going to have a really bad time. However, it can be useful in some contexts. It is absolutely banned by almost all formal sports authorities. So you can't take it if you are competing in some sort of sport where you get tested for drugs. It doesn't enhance your body composition and that's why it's considered cheating, but it doesn't enhance your body composition. So if you're in your 40s and you're trying to use it to gain and you live in a jurisdiction where it's not illegal, you can make it in form choice. The way you would acquire this is it's a gray market supplement. It's not formally illegal. No one's coming after you, but you don't get it from a pharmacy, a from real doctor, and you don't pick it up from a supplement store. You go on one of these peptide websites and you buy it from a reputable peptide website. And there's because lots of non-repeatable ones, there's a few really good ones. I'll let you guys sort that out. Actually chat, gee, people just tell you which ones are good. And you get to it and it's not itself a substance that does anything. It's like a hormone whisperer. It's like, hey, pay, pay, pay, pay, pay. Ptootary. It's like, what? What? What do you want, man? Can you um, you look secrete a lot more growth hormones, like, if I made of growth hormones, it's like, well, kind of, kind of, you kind of, you kind of, you're job, like, fine, fine. After this paperwork, I'll file it in. And that's really how hormones talk to each other. In the actual body, that's what literally happens. If you're, if it's got a fever, on your pillow at night, you're real quiet, you can hear them speaking. I can hear the horse moaning. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. What is it? Hey, how do you make a hormone? Yeah, pay her. Hey. Hey. Hey. Really, guys. Joke. Got it. Actually, it's not enough to pay her because she might not be informed of the fact that you are a moaning type. So you have to tell her, excuse me, man, when you're faking this orgasm, but you're not going to have with me. Can you please moan? She's like, absolutely, sir. Your services will be rendered exactly as you've required. That's how that works. Speaking of how it works, how does the actual chemical stuff work with MK677? Well, here's where the stuff gets a little tricky. You're not tricky in like a weird way, tricky, and you're getting not just growth hormone. You're getting some other stuff that you have to either manage or benefit from depending on what you're doing. This drug slides into the exact same receptor that responds to the hunger hormone called Grellen. The more Grellen you have, the psychotically hungerier you become. Food focus cravings the whole thing. Rumbly stomach. Your GI tract clears faster everything. Just more. You can eat way more food and you want to eat more food. We're going to talk more about this later because yes, this causes a downstream growth hormone secretion because that receptor fires and methods to the pituitary gland. Perhaps more growth hormone plays and it sure does that. But it also hits that entire hunger cascade so it will absolutely make you starve. It could be a good thing if you're under eating. We'll get more of that in a second. And so that growth hormone spike also helps to create insulin like growth factor. One, IGF one, which is really, really antibiotic and makes it all sorts jacked and heals you and makes you recover. It loads a cramplot of glycogen into your muscles. It fills them with water. It's all this really good stuff. So not only are you going to be getting more jacked if you take this responsibly, but you're also within a few more, which is just within a few days kind of like, If you look at like full and like thick and like just like you guys if you're watching this and just bouncing my packs on the television screen. And so it kind of feels like a gains pill and it is a gains pill. Now this has nothing to do with your testosterone levels. So whatever testosterone we already have is just going to be synergetic synergistic with this process. So because it hits that growth hormone pathway, it doesn't mess with your testosterone, it doesn't do any of your test days, it doesn't shrink your cock. I don't know that to be true as a fact, but I took this for like a week and I observed my cock very, very carefully, hourly I would say. And other than being disappointed in the smallest always and slightly to the left, it just didn't look any different. So the good news is if you already have small genitals, it probably won't affect them within a week. Now let's talk about these hunger boosting effects. This compound, in case of 777, is a near perfect, growing magnetic, which means it acts in your body almost exactly like the hunger hormone, growing wood. And what that typically does is within like an hour of taking it hunger spikes. Now your boy literally just was like, I'm trying this and see if it works. But I had no idea that it acted through the growing pathway. I had no idea it caused hunger. I was just like, you know, I want to see if I don't like, I get a growth hormone secretic hog that I don't have to like have like vials and needles for some shit like that. I just have a pill sometimes. And I took it and like I woke up in the middle of the night to go pee like I always do it. I was like, I'm kind of hungry. What the hell is going on? And then that just got more intense as the week progressed than I ended up talking to chat to you. You know, it's supposed to happen. I was like, oh, God damn it. Because I was like maintaining slash cutting a little bit and I was like, okay, I really screwed myself over. It was all day hunger. So actually the hunger begins in our after you take the pill and then it lasts through the night. If you take it in night, which you shared will get to that later. And then more or less through the entire rest of the day. And if you take a few of these doses, the hunger's just kind of constant. And here is where the big upsides and downsides really start to come in. The cravings you're going to have are deep hunger drive cravings, which means it's not just hunger for physical substance in your body. It's hunger for the kinds of foods that your hunger signaling mechanism is supposed to choose when it detects that you're law on nutrients, which is typically and only the way naturally grow and gets secreded when you're very low on overall body nutrient status, like you're not eating enough, grow and starts to go up. Typically you will experience this at the end of any fat loss phase. You guys know, Scott, you know the end of fat loss phase. You look at someone eating a chili cheese dog and you're like, they must just be having the time of their lives. There's no better thing you could be doing that it to give you that sensation, but with a pill and within an hour. The bad news is that you're going to want to eat lots of comfort food mashed potatoes gravy fried chicken, bad Thai, like stuff that just hit the head of the meat. You're not going to be like, oh, chicken and broccoli. Though chicken and broccoli will look more appealing and you'll be able to swallow a whole ton of it, which is really good. We'll be using that a bit. But careful, very careful if you choose to use this because it's very easy to just be like, oh, my body demands junk food and here I go and then you're just going to get fat and very, very unhealthy because this drug also isn't not a health drug. It is bad for your health. So, um, if you already have a big problem controlling your appetite, even on a muscle gain phase, this is not the drug for you. I tried this drug while I was on five milligrams of trizzepotide, which is the current most powerful fat loss drug ever made that is available through prescription. And five milligrams is a low dose, but it's not a low low dose. And for me, five milligrams, like right now I'm on five milligrams as I'm recording this video, but I'm not on my case, six seven seven and I'm having trouble sticking to my deficit, which means that it's a very difficult for me through the day to even eat enough calories to be an inappropriate deficit instead of like a thousand calorie deficit, which is insane and causes super high fatigue. Mk677 done basically canceled half of that shit more than half. It felt like I was like a big or a big and a half of trizzepotide right away instead of five milligrams. And that was a huge, huge deal and it was not placebo. I can guarantee you that for one good reason. I had no idea this was a side effect that I was supposed to expect literally just didn't know. And I actually felt that first and then I had to look it up and I was like, oh crap. So it really is a thing. And we know it's not placebo because it's been demonstrated in the research and this exact pathway is the growing pathway, which is exactly what you would expect. Now, this ability for this drug to increase your appetite and your antibiotic processes via growth hormone, IGF1, at the same time, is the big unlock. That's why this video is probably titled in thumbnail, something like the Gaines pill. Because folks that under eat on an attempt to gain muscle, number in the millions in the world, it's a real thing. Some people just cannot eat enough to gain weight, especially if they're quite large already, especially if they're quite muscular or if they have the genetics of like an endurance runner and their body just burns for everything and they're not a big eater and it's like, I want to gain 10 pounds and your body's like, I ain't gonna do that. You're gonna gain two pounds and you're gonna stall out. This is a huge deal for folks like this because it simultaneously increases your enablers of it and your hunger. So it switches on the growth mechanisms and helps you provide the nutrients through which to grow. That's a big deal. Now, the really good news about this is that a few days after you stop taking on K677, the appetite things are completely back to normal and that's awesome because you don't want those things affecting any longer than you are really trading hard and really eating appropriately. Let's talk about how much muscle gain you can expect this thing to add. The research studies showed a few pounds of muscle. Most of them were in much older adults like people age 50, 60, 70 who were not training and probably under eating protein substantially. If you are a well-trained lifter and you push protein into quite high and you are training hard, which I'll get to train recommendations with this drug adjust a little bit, then you can kind of expect maybe about three to five pounds of muscle in the course of roughly 12 weeks of using this. Assuming you're doing everything right. Three to five pounds of muscle of which you might keep after you come off of this thing. Three-ish pounds. Now, here's a thing and sound like a lot, but three literal pounds of muscle you keep after 12 weeks of going hard for advanced lifters, especially who are older. That's a big deal. That's a real take home shit and you can potentially with moderate to mild impacts, very controlled impacts on your health, run two of those cycles a year. You don't like an extra four to six pounds a year for a few years. I don't know, maybe all the gains you've made in the last few years. It's a big deal in the real world. Now, you don't get too excited because a few things are going to happen when you start taking this drug. One is you're going to be training hard. So your muscles are going to balloon up from that inflammation from training. Two is that growth hormone when it's higher typically pulls water into your body. You actually treat less water in your urine. It fills your muscles and the subcutaneous space under your skin with water. You're going to gain over 12 weeks. You might gain even if your surplus is really moderate and you're only slated to gain six pounds and 12 weeks, which I think is a really great idea half a pound of tissue per week. You're probably actually gain like 12 pounds on the scale, but then like most of that's going to like half of that's going to float off after a few weeks. And then you'll remain with the six pounds that you gained of which, you know, maybe half of that's going to be muscle, which is like, guys, that's just how games work in the real world. There are absolutely drugs that you can gain 12 pounds of muscle in with 12 weeks. Most of them you end up really jacked in a coffin. This star is not going to kill you. It's highly unlikely. It's not a health elixir. It's not good for your health. But is that terrible terrible terrible for your health? It's just one of these things where in the interim while you're taking it. It's going to look like you're gaining a lot more than you are. You're going to have amazing training. You're going to get substantially stronger. Nothing nuts, but you will see gains. You're going to have pumps that make you like previous pumps you've ever had be like, oh, I've never actually had a pump before apparently, but if that all cools off, you do get to keep some muscle. So that's a really, really big deal. What you don't want to do is set up a surplus, see that you're gaining much faster and be like, oh, shit, I got to take away the surplus. You have to fold feed forward the surplus. You have to know your maintenance calories and you have to go, okay, I'm going to aim for 300 or 250 to 500 calories more than this every day for the next 12 weeks on average. That's what I'm going to do. And I don't care what the scale does because I know it's a bunch of body water under the hood. We have the surplus. We have the protein. We have the training. We have everything you need. We have the drug. So it's going to be work. Let's talk about how to take it, timing and amount. The typical experimental dose has been 25 milligrams taken once per day. They've tried higher doses. There's a huge flatline of the curve and a skyrocketing in the side effects. Over 25 is stupid. Under 25 is possible. You could start at 12.5 to see how your response is, but generally 25 is pretty recommended for most people. When you take this is not immediately clear. However, because it helps you to create more growth hormone usual and the ideal time for growth hormone secretion is typically at night while you sleep. It's the most anabolic then it recovers all your systems at that point. It actually allows you to get into a deeper state of sleep, which is really good for every system in your body. It's probably a good idea to get it in just before you go to bed. Last, you know, your PM supplements and you go to sleep within 30 minutes. If you take it like at 7 PM and you try to go to bed at 10, you may be like, I'm too hungry to go to sleep. I need a bunch of food. It's not a good idea to have lots of food or just during or after you take this drug. Because it really raises your blood sugar to levels that if you didn't have a ton of food or totally fine, if you're healthy, young, active, or ultimately mean. But if you are like just a meal with 100 grams of carbs in it and then you swallow one of these things, do you get any tactically and hyperglycinear, which is absolutely not ideal. Can you take it in the morning and then go work out? Yes, that's possible. My recommendation is taking it night. In that last meal before you take it or whatever, have a moderate amount of fats, quite high proteins. I'll get to that macro guideline in a sec and to very low carbs if not zero carbs, zero to 25 grams of carbs, and then you're Gucci and you're doing everything right. You want to take it consistently, so you're going to take it every single day for whatever 8 to 12 weeks is probably a good time to take it much more than that. You're just asking for more health trouble and not so many more gains. That's the intermittent with it. Consistency beats cycling. So every evening for 12 weeks is a really good thing. And after a few weeks, the hunger is going to be coming up the entire time. It's going to be going to plateau. So after about two to three weeks, you just have the same amount of consistently pretty impressive hunger the entire time. And if night time hunger really is just waking you up, then you want to probably shift the dose to first thing in the morning, ideally having some cardio in the morning after that first dose, keep that blood sugar low, maybe going into your weight training session, and then beginning your full day of eating. And you can always start lower, that's totally fine, and so that'll be good to go. Now, how to eat with it is a huge, huge question. Because remember the food is actually making you jack. The drug just turns on the switch. It's like if you have like a factory that like processes would and cuts would. Yeah, it's the power and the machines that cut the wood, and if you build out way more of them, then you're going to potentially be able to have more process would in the other end of the factory, but wood is what actually gets processed in the factory. And if the lumber isn't coming in the one end, it doesn't matter how many machines you built out or how much electric power you have to those machines. You're going to do anything as far as production if there's a limit on wood. In just the same way, if you're not eating appropriately with this drug, look good luck, but you're literally not feeding the physiology that this drug enhances with enough substrate to actually get the gains going. And if you're going to like take, you know, take the debit card to your health a little bit with this drug, because it real absolutely will do that. You can't might as well do a good job. Scott, does it piss you off when people use drugs and they're kind of yo low their sleep and they're diet and they're training. It's crazy. It's crazy. Just look how it has ticked drugs. I think are you just hanging drugs for like recreationally? Do you feel better on trend? I'm with you. The answer is no, by the way. So how do you eat with them? They're recommended to get a 250 to 500 calorie surplus daily on average. It's not a ton, but it's really really good. However, this pill is likely to drive your hunger wild. And it's not a health elixir. So you want to stay as healthy as possible and not overeat to become a gigantic fat. If it no one loves anymore and arguably never did, you guys ever think about that? Has anyone ever actually really loved you? Scott? Parents don't count. Oh, they don't love me anyways. Oh, that was easy. That got weird. Scott's going to think about that and he's going to get back just the answer. Scott's scrolling through his phone like no person, no person, no person hates me for sure. I hate them. They might love me. We're trying to do the best job we can to stay not super fat during this time and thus even way way on healthier and just not overeat like crazy to be on healthy for no good reason. And we also don't want to have a situation where we're eating really high calorie dense foods, but we're eating them within the constraints of that small surplus. And then we're like super hungry all the time and pissed and miserable stress causes the release of cortisol and those stress hormones. It's not a fun time. Like I was like cutting while I was experimenting to take in this and I stuck to my deficit, but I was like, this is annoying. Like I'd be working at I was on a trip at the time. I was working at my hotel room on like a book project. And I get every half hour hours. I was like, I'm not a time is it. Is it time for me to eat my next meal? I was like, what the hell is I'm not on trip up a tight at all? This is bullshit. You don't want any of that. So you want to do is create that caloric surplus 250 or 500 extra calories per day. And you want to fill that up with almost all healthy filling foods for 12 weeks, which means 1.25 grams of protein per pound of bodyweight per day. Because you really want to make sure protein is out of any factor. Gramper pound is great for almost everyone. But you're a drug-using degenerate now, remember? So you need maybe a little bit more just in case. Some decent research to support the hypothetical that people who are on anabolic enhancers need a little bit more protein. And some of the research you might have seen earlier on this very channel about like actually maybe a lot of people can benefit from overgrabber pound. It's contentious, but I would say like give yourself the advantage here. Also protein is annoying and difficult to eat, which 100% of good idea in this case because you're going to want to know any difficult because you're going to be blasting theory meals like a younger Scott blasted through the singles bars of New York City. The STD free right my man. As far as we know. And you've never been tested so it's kind of one of those throat and girls cats that you're wearing. Shrodingers AIDS. That was not in good taste. 1.25 grams of protein per pound of bodyweight per day. So if you weigh 200 pounds, the MN, you eat 250 grams of protein per day. And probably about 0.4 grams per pound of fat per day. Healthy fats almost is the exclusive source. Olive oil, canola oil, nuts, nutbottars of a cotto of a cotto oil, that kind of stuff, the good stuff. And so if you're about 200 pounds, you're eating 80 grams of fat per day. And the rest can be more fats if you like. But in many cases, it's probably advantageous for huge pumps and tons of energy, Tete healthy carbs, predominantly fruits, veggies, and whole grains. And if you tell me right now to your iPhone that you're watching this on, but Dr. Mike, I can't stuff myself with fruits, veggies, and whole grains and still get a surplus. You will. With this drug, you almost certainly will. If you're having trouble eating on this drug, then like, yeah, like, Cher, more white rice and more like regular pasta, totally fine, but really assume it's going to drive her hunger insane because it will. And then if you're eating super clean food like this, like, it's just going to be a chore to eat it, normally. And then on this drug, it's just going to be a really good time. You're going to have food that's exactly as filling as you need. It's going to be really, really awesome. Now, you don't have to be a saint once or twice a week, a cheap meal is a fine idea. Make sure you get yourself some genius shot or some other excellent protein supplement to get the protein in with your cheat meal. And here's the thing, there is a huge value and just kind of knowing the state of play, a knowing what's going on so you can make the best choices. Like, you know, if you're a person that like, let's say hypothetically, your name is Jared Feather, I have to be pros, random name I picked out, and you really love latinas, but you know, like one in three latinas are real trouble. If you're in like a very diligent phase of your life where you don't want ideas, then you see that fine ass Latina at the gym and she's like, I, Bob, be, I, do me, or come to me. You might be like, mmm, is this the time for the shit? And if you're Jared Feather, if you pro automatically via the Jerry Force, you say yes, it's not something you control. You are in control. So when you're choosing your cheat meals, there's a spectrum of what's called a cheat meal. On one side of the spectrum is you go and just go to the right side of the spectrum. Is you go and just double up on your regular, slightly less than clean food. What do I need, my, that? Let's say you go to Jimmy Jones, you typically get like one of their subs. And you get veggies in it and meets it all the good stuff. Just get two of them ships. There's your cheat meal. Jared, I'm going to go off the rails and eat 15 of them. There's only so many calories to subs have you know what an advance? You've picked up from Jimmy Jones. You've brought it home alone to your apartment where no one will have a bother you, because no one likes you. Just speaking for personal experience. This is painful for me right now. And then you're just like going to eat them and going to have your protein shake at night and go to sleep. No problem. There's another end of the spectrum of cheat meal. Scott, which is the most absurd way to get yourself into real deep shit if you have a hunger problem. Pizza at a restaurant and some of your cookies. You order them to your door. They come in warm. Yeah, it doesn't. Yeah, perfect example. And some of your cookies, bad idea. Well, so if you have like five genius shots with them, you can get enough protein for the calories, but it's like a mondo mondo just crazy amounts of fat. Psychotic amounts of calories. And here's the problem. People always do this. They order the amazing insomnia cookies which I highly recommend. And they do this thing where they're like, well, there's not like an option to get like two. And they're like, super cheap if I order a baker's dozen, which is 13 cookies. And I'll just eat like two today. No. And like later, Ali, maybe more like in five days when they're crusty and broken and dry. And maybe I'll get him to a roommate. Yeah, I'm going to do that shit. On MK677, you are highly likely just to drain all of them within like 20 minutes of them arriving. That is a fucking bad idea. Pizza, I would stay away from for the most cases because yeah, you get yourself two large pizzas. You are going to drown them shit. And then what are you going to do? You're like, oh, I technically gained two pounds of pure body fat yesterday by the calorie measures. Amazing. Mag idea. Yeah, RP die coach app. And it just gives you a giant middle finger. You're like, ask shit. And that's right. But I don't like to see middle fingers pointed at me because I got pride baby. Sand. Hey, Scott, flick me off. We son of a bitch. He really did it. Back there with that middle finger. In any case, what you want to do is, yeah, cheating is fine on this. Once or twice a week, you're not forever. And on the low end folks, stuff that's still relatively healthy. Go to go to your potland and really have a good time. Don't you go to get like pure fat covered pizza burgers. And again, know what you're going to order in advance. Understand that, okay, maybe it's 2000 calorie cheat mail. Cut it at 2000 calories folks. Don't you be getting in them 4000 calorie cheat meal. By the way, the typical large pizza is like 4000 calories. And I know all of them are watching this. Can 100% down one of these if you take this. Sometimes if you don't, so really know that if you just uncork and go wild, you're going to have a bad time. You're going to make up 10 pounds bloated. Way fatter. It's really bad for your health to be cheating that much on a drug that already raises your your blood glucose bad idea. So definitely make sure that that's constrained. Otherwise, stick to the plan and you're probably going to have a really good time. Now, let's talk about the risks and how to stay healthy with this stuff. You have a raising a fasting blood sugar and a lowering of insulin. Sensitivity, which is generally bad news. Get your regular blood work as usual. Keep tabs in it. Make sure everything's totally fine. You can also have water retention on this. It can sometimes come up as ankle swelling. If it's a real big problem, make sure you hit your cardio 8k to 10k daily steps. No matter what. And potentially, like if you're eating lots of salt, just produce your salt a little bit and see how that plays out. If you feel the growth hormone side effects of tingling fingers and joint aches, that might be a signal to pull the dose back to 12.5 milligrams. Take breaks or if you're real tough, just like gut it out. I don't know. A lot of people do that. Now, there early research on this drug, which they abandoned, because it turned out not to be too safe. One of the reasons they abandoned it was because it caused radical hunger in there. It just makes people fat because they overeat and don't train with weights. It did identify a possible risk of heart failure and folks that are predisposed. My big take on my street on this is, do not ever let your blood pressure creep up beyond the normative value of 120. Over 70, 120 over 80, whichever one of those you like. As soon as it's 126, bring it down. I don't give it shit how. Fat loss phase, blood pressure drugs, any combination, more cardio, whatever it is you have to do. Blood pressure is a non-negotiable. Chronic high blood pressure messes up every single part of your body. We have not find out a part of your body. Maybe outside of your bones directly that your chronic high blood pressure doesn't mess up. It catches up with you and it's symptom-free. You can't tell we have it until it's too late in the doctors like that. Turns out your kidneys took the day off in 1997. You've been without kidney since then. Remember, this is an unapproved, unapproved and unregulated drug. If you trust your peptide source, cool, if you don't buy there, if it's been batch tested and the batch tests are public online, which most of these great places have, awesome. If not, just don't do it. And staying in contact with a health professional like your doctor or your coach for bodybuilding is a really, really, really, really swell idea. This is not a yellow drug's folks. This is not a f***ing trend goblin, a sarm team goblin kind of like, oh my, in Mk677 results, and I finally have a girlfriend. Bam, shut up. You little teen. You little, you'll scot. You know what I mean, man? We old men, yet? Yes. Yeah, we are. This is not a hack. This is a very serious substance with a big health downsides. Think of that. Think of that. Now, what can you take it with? Because I know you guys will be asking. So I have some recommendations. If protein intake is an issue, it cannot be an issue. Definitely protein shakes. Check out Genius Shad if you want this any other protein supplements, awesome. Creatin amount of hydrate of five grams per day for the entire 12 weeks, 8 to 12 weeks that you take it, is a great idea. Maximizing all of your stuff. If you are interested in a bonus round, and you really are a sarm goblin, then responsibly as an adult with medical supervision, constant blood work. Like and draw. At 2 1 1,5 or 5 milligrams per day for that 12 weeks. Yeah, I got a lot of you. Look, again, we do not lie to you on this channel. It is going to make a difference. It's going to boost your gains. It will not boost your health. And it will reduce the amount of total time that you are likely to be alive on planet Earth. There is a personal choice. Only adults can make. If you are a gear head and you are ready on the kitchen sink, your usual blocking stack is totally fine. The andren is there. Are going to do the andren thing. This does the growth hormone thing. And if you are already taking growth hormone, you can take this on top of it. If you are really psychotic to get that extra hunger boost. And a lot of people who are really jacked really do take this every now and again, especially towards the end of blocking phases when their body throws up two middle fingers to their hunger response that I can't do this anymore. If you are health concerned, which means every human being that's not totally stupid, you should be taking something like 500 milligrams AM and PM that form it to control your blood sugar, which is also a life extension drug, by the way. It's really, really healthy for you. And I highly recommend 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 5 milligrams per week of terzepotite. It's right, otherwise known as mangero or is that bound depending on how and where you get it. The terzepotite makes you more insulin sensitive and insulin responsive. It cancels out it fights back against that insulin and glucose dynamic, which is really awesome. And in addition to that, it really controls that hunger. The more terzepotite you take, the less hunger you get. So if you take a decent amount of terzepotite, not only does it radically reduce the health negatives of MK677, but it also reduces its hunger signaling potential, which means that you don't need to be ultra concerned with overeating as much. You can relax a little bit more and so with titrating both terzepotite and MK677, you can get to a place where you have just the right amount of hunger. And members, terzepotite is like actually a health elixir. It's good for almost every part of your body. And so not something to just start the same week because you have to be on terzepotite for weeks and weeks and months and months to get stable doses. If you're into that sort of thing, then yeah, keep it in. Don't be like, hey, I'm pulling my terzepotite out for this bulk and adding an MK677. Your hunger is going to go, f--------. And your body fat's going to go, b----. And then maybe you'll be one of these guys that has to explain to girls at the bar or the like, yeah, normally like leaner, you know, but looking like just chasing these size gains. Scott, you know that meme of that guy yelling into that girl's ear at the club and she's just like not even to can't even. One of those? Yes. My favorite. You can be that guy, but you play too much. How to train? This is important. Again, to Scott and I is earlier point, you can be one of those clowns that takes the shit and like is lazy with training or just disorganized. And okay, sweet, you took a drug for 12 weeks and you lost 12 weeks. Amazing. I would choose two to four muscles in your body to specialize on. I would train them probably with about 5 to 10 hard sets per session, around three times per week. That's a lot of training. You will be able to recover in most cases because there's drug is one hell of a recovery drug, especially if you're eating really well on it. And you're going to take the rest of your body's muscles and put them on maintenance, which means training them twice a week, actually with only about two sets per muscle. That turns out, there's going to be enough on maintenance for sure when you're on a muscle gain phase. And every single week that you come in that's not a deal a week, still take deal loads, all the usual stuff. You want to add one rep to every set, work two and a half pounds or so to the bar, and just come in and break PR, break your PR, new PR, new PR just by little high-perchrophy training. Through the RPI-perchrophy app, link in the description. You get to have exposure over time of slightly more difficult training, which is exactly how you should be training to grow muscle. It's not about like, oh man, I feel like it's a holiday baby. Fifty more pounds in the bar. Oh, oh, oh my pick. Don't do that. It'll get you hurt and it's not going to get you great results. Slow and steady gains. Or wrap here and there, a little bit of weight here and there for 12 weeks straight with like a 1D load in the middle there. Holy crap, you are going to be bigger. Be smart, good technique, good programming, all that other stuff. Do not waste good drugs and good health on BS training. I've heard critiques of probati builders before. No one competing today, folks in history from people I trust that said that these some of these guys who never end up doing as well as they could have were using a lot of drugs to make up for the fact that they didn't train hard. Do you want that to be your reputation? Even if it's in your own head, you don't want that. So go hard. In a controlled manner, but consistently hard in this case means yeah, making it, you know, to the gym five days a week six days a week three workouts for the same muscle for several of them a week for five to ten says that's that's hard work work. Not like one hard set of the hacksque out and then you tap your buddies on the ass and go to the showers and well spend several hours in the shower, do whatever does men do how to sexually with each other in the shower. You want to be consistent and diligent and just put in work. There's no replacement for that. Now the last thing I'll say is this, make sure if you're using it, you're using it where it's not illegal. And you're not using it to cheat at sport and you're not using it if you are too young. So if it's not legal in your jurisdiction, don't break the law. If you are in a tested sport, don't use because if you use your cheating and everyone should have zero respect for you until unless you stop cheating and slowly after years claw your respect back. If you are under the age of 25, you don't need to use it because you're making some of the best gains of your life training drug free with zero health risks I might add. You're 25 and especially under your later years, 30s, 40s, etc. This becomes an intelligent thing to potentially consider using with tradeoffs. If again, it is not illegal in your jurisdiction and you're not using it to cheat at sport. And you're staying in contact with a medical professional who deems that you are healthy enough to do this to your body. So should you use the gains pill? If you are not using it, don't use it. If you are not using it, don't use it. I'm Dr. Mike and I'll see you guys more jacked, but also more bloated next time.