We're not PGene. We're talking YouTube. Clearly I'm still Dr. Mike. I've had doesn't change unfortunately. And here we are with the man the myth of legend. They air to the throne of the Atlantis fortune. Please talk us through where are we. Why is there so much noise? Why are we going to get my arm chopped off? Yeah, we're going to be going to be alright. When it's more factory at Lentis, this is where we make all of our equipment. There are things made here. We cut the metal, we paint, we assemble. We're going to get you guys around it. And yeah, maybe you get to someone who is interesting thing as well. It's classic manufacturing. We receive metal, we cut, we weld, we paint, we assemble. I think the secret is in the details. Now we make it, the dimensions and everything, that's why it feels so great as well. When we do it, we got like, we're working on a project, and we have a small one, adjustable, jammer arms, or some sports team, because the one we're shooting can have is not adjustable. So it's too restrictive. So this is an attachment that goes on spot racks. That looks really hardcore. Yeah, we're trying stuff. You're putting it for your audience. That could support like 10,000 pounds. Yeah, everything is very overkill. Yeah, yeah, absolutely, but that's a point. These are old jobs, waiting to be welded. These are all the tubes for, this is one mission. This is the second term. This machine, what the job is, is cut the tubes, and also do these slots. Yeah, yeah. So we do the need to measure everything. Very simple together. So this is a record for two machines. We've got the laser there, and the jaw, what happens is the jaw will drip the tube, and will control everything in the board, and the head stays there. And just because all the carbon one is done, just rolls off, writing for a rough and we put it in the right place. Okay. So your French canadian, which means sort of French. Yeah. When the laser is on, do you have a lightest cigarette with the laser? And then you have one of that French. There's one of them. One of them is one of the French in this end actually. You're going to make yourself a homemade machine with all these parts. Yes, that's the idea. This is a polishing tube machine that comes from Portugal. So whenever we have like tube that needs to be polished, I stainless steel. It gives them a nice finish. And the photo coat sticks better with a wood. Yeah, yeah. Not a good idea. Yeah, I wouldn't do it. The pens which one you're putting on, but I need to polish my nails. I think I consider it lantis, like the rolls, the rolls, the rolls, the rolls, the rolls, of a pot of a pot of a liquid. So we're not the mainstream ones. We don't want to be with all of our performance. And you know, it's not the majority you are about performance. Well, if you're somebody who trains super seriously, and you need the machines for us curve, you just feel completely right, that's what it lantis is for. As far as I can tell, what I talked about lantis and everything I use, just so smooth. How is it so smooth? I don't know what the motherfuckers put in there. Magic Quebec sauce, but it all. This is where it rims major cuts. We try everything. We do some adjustments. We're not like producing elsewhere and designing somewhere else. Everything's done here. So yeah, the communication back and forth is very short. So we can adjust everything. Yes, we can just split the gas. So keep your drive stuff right in the factory. Always. All of that's fine. This is the paint shop. It's quite okay if. But it works well. It's very simple. So we use the rack, we'll them around. And we put our layers of metal on the floor. So the racks were not shaking, so that's what it means. And that's what I call down. Now, this they're drying off from being painted. They're, yeah, they're swimming down actually. But they'll probably don't be cold. But we usually give them a few like 15-minute to pull down. But this isn't trying to go for the manufacturing. It cannot fast reduce anything on the line. Every part is different size. Different colors. So you can't up like, you've got to up specific tools for every part. So we have to adapt this way. I also know that they're not a full-for-calf of being a tree. It's a town of New York. Nobody crushes. That's what they're in for. This is the paint shop. I'm going to reach three. This machine cuts everything with everything that is a sheet. We're expecting another machine that will go behind this one that will do all the bending. Automated bending for us. Part of it is done by hand here. And the other part is outsourced, but we want more control on the chair. So these orders are waiting to be shipped out. I will show you a few products that are going to be released within the next two months. That you will be able to try at the gym. So this is the new Pandana Pro version. Oh fuck, why do I have that scuba f*** on one? That's Dana. That's from the Jussible. You have band tags on both sides to decide if you own the strength curve to do it. Kind of wide that one. And the platform is all these machines going to make people jacked all over the world. Beautiful. Thank you so much for the tour. This has been incredible. And now we're going to go see the gym. Yeah. This have lunch and work out perfect. Clearly, I'm still Dr. Mike. This is Raymond. Sounds so see. Yeah. I did that okay. Yeah. He is the owner and founder, the originator, the man all the time. And behind Atlantis, Jim equipment. And we are here at Atlantis, Jim in Montreal, Canada or close enough anyway. Yeah. And we are going to get Jim tour. And you will notice that every single piece but one is Atlantis. Can you guys imagine? So if you ever in the Montreal area traveling passing through, get you a day pass to this gym. First of all, it's an amazing gym. Second of all, it's all Atlantis equipment. It's the best equipment you'll ever use. What do you think? Tour time. We'll make it tour. Let's do it. I'll show you. Let's do it. There are some machines right now. They're not on the market, but soon they're going to be on the market. So it's like prototypes. Prototypes. Yeah. I can say. We try it. Usually we try it at one month, sometimes like this. Two months. To see the wind there also. Aha. And the weight feels. Yes. Because sometimes in the factory, you cannot feel 100% of the time. So when you put it in the gym, you're in the ambience. Also, and you can try it. Feel it. Sometimes. So that's why I like to sometimes tweak it a little bit. Here, the machine for the arm string. This is a cool machine. Yeah. But I tweak a little bit. I don't know if it's going to be good or not. I got to try it. Let's see. I'm not going to put some weights. What a cool yourself. You see? I had invented this machine in my head before. And I wonder if any of the strings for the arm string is pretty good. No, yeah. But you know I try this. Sometimes you know when you do two movements and one machine. It's kind of tricky, but this one why not. So that's why I try it. It's not on the market right now. This machine, I found out that for lower abs. Because people when you do leg raise on this. Yeah, sometimes so shoulders. But here you don't have any pressure on your shoulders. Because you put your feet here. Oh. So it works. Yeah, so cool. Yeah. This is very good for this whole thing. Yeah. The trick is you have to push with your butt. Yes. The back here. And you're going to feel it. What I did lately, that's one person say I don't like it because it can go like this. We put here a latch. So what I like to do with this is to bring my dumbbells very close. And when they fell down like this, just push and you do your movement. Whatever you want to do with this or whatever. And when you finish, you just drop it like this. That's solid for the regular bench press. Same thing. You push. If you're not able to put it back, let's see. Hey. That's awesome. Don't room your floor. Right. Floring. So I started a gym in 1980. Just like this with my brother. And I tried to machine back then. I was not happy with the movements sometimes. I said, so one of my friends told me, I can teach you how to weld and how to work. And I started with a very, very easy machine. It was a far rack. Yeah, a good start. And after that, I don't know machine. After that, the preacher curve for myself. And I was studying and you know people using it. On Saturday night, the gym broke that five. So I was welding directly in the gym. With a small weld machine grinding stuff like that on Saturday night. I started like this. I had fun. Yeah, yeah. And since then after that, that's something to do. I'm going to do that. Make it bigger, bigger. Sure. Yeah. Can I try in French? Yeah. You're not allowed to actually box each other in here. Yeah. I told you, I speak French, baby. You're good. Hey. Thank you so much. Huge honor. You're welcome. Huge privilege. Thank you for your contributions. Whenever you come back, you don't come back. I know that you're not going to have to time to try everything. No. I'm going to have to. Just push today. Yeah. I'll be back for more stuff. I thank you so much for everything. I'm a phenomenal, what's the pleasure. So end of the day here. I'm training on a fine piece of Atlantis equipment in Atlantis gym. Nothing touches my shuffer Atlantis. I really need to see the process and kind of division behind the company. A lot of companies manufacture equipment. And that's cool. Some of whom you've been doing a very good job. But what's happening here is Raymond the founder. There's a bodybuilder first. And then he built his own equipment by hand welding it. And he tried it. And then he started the Atlantis brand in company. I don't think he ever made a single machine. That he didn't want to use for himself. He never just made a machine. And that's it. This is it. Select perfect. All the machines that they make. They make prototype first. Sometimes they put him in this gym for real users to use. Sometimes they keep him just for a Raymond. And then his associates to use. And factory. And when ends up happening is they move the wild. They move the pivots. They move everything they tweak it. They move the handles. They add handles. And that iterative evolutionary process allows them to manufacture machines. That's feel better. And do better. You work better. Then any machine that you would just engineer caught off the line and go. And so in that combination of obsession and passion for bodybuilding that he had. The ability to make his own machines. The ability to take his own feedback and the feedback of others. And actually tell me numerous times, like if you use our machine, you think it could be better just let me know how. And that iterative process over and over that loop. Makes things better and makes some machines. I don't even want to say more user friendly. It just makes them better. Everything. More muscle growth stimulative. Feeling better. Better stimulus deficit ratio. More comfortable. The worse. And I think that's something we can take in. To our own lives. No matter what you do out there. In the real world. You can take your passion for what you have. Create something you think is worthwhile. And then see how that process works. Test it. Get feedback. Test get feedback. Test get feedback. Modify the process or the product. Until it fits into the groove really, really well. And one thing Raymond told me before we parted ways. But he said he doesn't think a single machine and his own gym that he made. Isn't this good as it could be? This is always room for improvement. How do you stop someone like that from being successful? That understands improvement is an iterative process. It is willing to put in the work and has the insight. The answer is you really don't. And so that's why Atlanta makes it down near the best equipment you can buy. Is that process improvement? You can do that yourself in your own way. I tried to do that myself my own way. But usually I just end up falling back on looking in the mirror and just crying. All the time tears. Why am I mean not someone else? But you're not me. So be happy about that. And try to use this kind of evolutionary doctor process to your own benefit. That's how good things are made. Folks, that's what I got. Thanks for tuning in. We'll see you next time.