Most people fail their diets. And the 99% are reasoned by the way, where most people fail their diets is because they get hungry for tasty food. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSW Pre-Dization. And today's topic is to ask a question and answer it, of course, why are diet cravings so intense? We're gonna take a deep dive, deep dive, real deep dive back to biology class. And I know you slept through bio, which is stared at that one girl in your biology class the whole time. Applied bio, observational, I suppose. You learn nothing. I didn't have any friends. I paid attention. I studied really hard at night, so don't worry, I'll break this down for you. It will cost you Lamborghinis. But I like Lamborghinis and you like to click on abs. Yes? Click on some ads, dammit. And let's get to learning. So here's the thing from biology class. Every component of your body and brain has an evolutionary ancestral history. And some components of your brain and body, but we're not talking about the body now. Some components of your brain have a much more recent evolutionary history than others, some have evolved to the current functions, much more recently, and some have been around a very, very, very long time. And some of them that have evolved more recently are usually not as powerful and don't affect your behaviors nearly as powerfully as the ones that evolved a long time ago, actually affect your behaviors. So, by the hell am I talking about this? The drive to eat food went hungry, or really the hunger drive and the food seeking behavior at results in, is one of the oldest neural drives in the entire animal kingdom for animals that have nervousist. So this is an ancestral drive, the drive to essentially import macro molecules from the environment, which is really what scaled up hunger is, is up there with temperature, seeking, like animals, no, when it's too cold or hot, it gets unlikely that you're gonna leave your cat outside of Las Vegas and 110 degrees, and he's not gonna try to find a cooler place. If he doesn't, your cat is broken. And he's gonna go up to hang out and cat haven't scotty-guyed your cats, go to have them. All dogs do, we know at least that, and that's empirically validated. So another one is acidity, regulating optimal acidity is another huge drive, injury of leggings, reproduction, et cetera, basic, unbelievably high tier, low tier depending on how you think about drives that get you to do what you have to do to survive. They just super deep, they're super integrated into every other part of our nervous system. And this affects your mind, like crazy. What's on your mind is a secretion in some sense of your brain, it's a product. If your brain is like a laptop, a computer system, your mind is like the software that runs on it. And the thing is, is these ancestral drives to begin to seek food when you get hungry, especially tasty food, they affect you in a major, major, major, major way. Now, if you just had these ancestral drives, you would be like, well, much more like your dog, your dog will not execute a well-organized hypertrophy-based program for himself. He will not execute a diet for himself. Will he not gonna resist a whole lot of treats? Unless you're there like doing a whole thing where you start with the treat and then you move away 15 feet and you say, okay, go, and you're a fruit dog, a smart, the eats at then, if your dog is a dog, Gwen, who is a old English bulldog, can't teach anything because she's really stupid, but adorable. In any case, pretty much all dogs won't have the ability to say, you know, I wanna eat this bull of Kibble, but I really have been gaining a bit extra weight. I'm gonna look ahead and imagine a future self that's leaner, sexier for dogs. And I'm gonna eat half this bull of Kibble and then half later today, I'm not gonna eat two hobbles of Kibble today, just one. Your dog doesn't do that. Your dog has an unbelievably rudimentary forward seeing mechanism and barely that at all. What do you have? Your human, so you unique among the animals that you have a well-developed mechanism by which some of these structures have been located in the prefrontal cortex, for example, Rizetini tiny and these structures and these functions allow you to see ahead plan and restrict your cravings or say, you know what, you basically allows you to drake your cravings like that. I know that I'm hungry, but I have a plan in a goal so I won't eat just what I want. But the mechanisms that allow you to do that, that forward planning, forward thinking mechanism in ancestral time of evolution, how long it's been, how deeply integrated it is into the rest of your mind and brain is like a sliver. It's, you know, cheese at cheeratively 10 million years old, maybe a little older than that, depending on how you cut off which primates are impressively forward thinking, which are not. I have yet to see a chimpanzee who is gonna restrict their own food and take on purpose. They can do forward planning like, oh, I'm gonna knock something off a tree, but not much further than that. So your ability to restrict yourself from these unbelievable powerfronts, stressors, zir's is like, you're talking about 10 million versus hundreds of millions of years old. It's not even close. It's not even close, which is a big deal. And that sets up the battle of your primal drives, like the drive-d tasty food versus your intellect, which can tell you, hold on, that's not a part of what I want to do, it's not a great idea. You could say, now hold on a second. We know what we should be eating and we know when to not eat and we know how to diet and lose fat. We know to do that. So it's not, you know, the cravings, yeah, whatever, but like when we know something, it's good, we're there. But that system that allows us to know stuff is super recent and actually it's not just system-based. The system inside your brain that allows for rational predictive plan to thought to occur means a lot of, well, sort of, largely, which model training, basically, to use current parlance, we know a lot about diet and training and how to restrict your eating and all that stuff, not because we're born with it, but because it's culturally acquired. And many people don't even have that. A lot of people don't really know what to eat when to lose fat. Most people intuitively develop an understanding through observation, that if they eat less food, they become less fat and eat more food, they become fat. But even that's not super clear in all individuals. We had a ton of brain evolution to allow us to accept this knowledge and a ton of cultural insight, most of which came really in the last 100 years that allows us to understand diet and nutrition. So you think sometimes that the reason you eat three meals a day is because you've decided like, oh, yeah, like three meals a day. That's a good idea. But the reality is that almost all of us, naturally, without a very well thought out plan, eat because we're hungry. It is by no means clear that most animals, most mammals, know intellectually that they have to have food. In fact, it's probably true that most animals don't know anything intellectually. They are very complex in put-out put systems that don't have an explanatory framework ability in their minds. So they can't actually sit down and think and plan out what the universe around them looks like and move it around and think, okay, I should eat at this time, just 10 this time, right? They don't have that. They don't have a concept of meals. They don't have a concept of food. They just know that when they smell food or seafood or their tummy starts rumbling, they feel like they need to go get some food. And the thing is, we think we're very different from the animals and we are, but we're also super similar. So your reason that you eat food is like 97% you get hungry or you smell tasty stuff. Versus maybe 3% like, oh, intellectually, I know that eating is a good idea. One thing, one easy way to see this is if you take and give people drugs that shut down their hunger drives, they just don't really eat much. And they'll pass out and stuff like that because they'll forget to eat people who are a methamphetamine for example, they don't eat for 36 hour straight. They think, well, wouldn't they have a better trip if they ate a bit of food and had more energy? Yes, but when they don't feel like it, that animistic response that instinctual response, the food is not even on their mind and they might even intellectually think, oh, I should eat, nah, I don't feel like it. That's how powerful these feelings are, right? Hunger and cravings are not this extra thing that's annoying to deal with the diet. Hunger and cravings are the baseline system that's there. It's the old system, it's the powerful system, it's the system that for 99 out of 100 people on this earth right now is the thing telling them what to eat and when and that 1% 3% whatever it is, that's the prefrontal cortex powered so to speak, a bit of a murky concept there, but that's that forward thinking planning ability that humans have in its super new and TBH, it is a revolution in the evolution of life is nothing like it has ever existed before, it is what gives birth to all of technology and that next evolution of how life works on earth, but it's very, very weak in any given human compared to those ancestral drives, right? When we think about it this way, we come to an understanding that I promise we'll get back to exercise science, sports science stuff in a sec. We get to an understanding that there is going to be a clash between the hunger cravings in a stintual part of your mind and the pre-planned I should be eating what the RP diet coach app tells me part of your mind. There's one system telling you, it has a very explicit goal to keep you exactly, whatever weight you're at, roughly, and or to just really eat tasty food until you feel full. That's its goal and anything that violates the goal, you have to expect that it's going to run in to some really, really, really big problems. This idea that we're super logical and super rational like the fucking West that Star Trek ship, not the Borg, although they're guests that are irrational as well, that not cling on Scott, you watch a lot of Star Trek. You don't watch a lot of Star Trek. You had friends growing up. You were a cool person. You know, you had sex with people. Unusual for a Star Trek fan, just kidding folks. Could God the fuck am I blanking on this? Not the clingsons, not the Romulan's, Spock is a fucking Vulcan. Vulcan, God damn it. Stupid make belief nonsense. Anyway, we are not the Vulcan. We have a tiny ability to exert some reason and some logic and some restraint. And in a comfortable, homiostatic environment, which is pretty powerful because there's no other drive really pushing and pulling at it. But if you get really thirsty, you are now in a sense of slave to your thirst drive. You will do crazy fucking shit to get some water. If you're hungry, you will do crazy fucking shit to get some water. How many of you guys have driven like, taking a two hour road trip in the middle of the day because when your girl's hit you up, and she's like, sex, and you're like, yes, drop everything, drive, have sex. What the hell? And like four hours of like, you know, sex takes 30 seconds, roughly four hours of time wasted, and so do what? And not even trying to reproduce. The drives are super, super powerful, right? And we have to expect that the hunger and cravings drive is going to be super powerful. We have to plan for, and actually we have to know that the evidence for how powerful it is is that most people fail their diets. And the people that don't fail their diets that actually get down to the way that they wanted. And the 99% of the reason by the way where most people fail their diets is because they get hungry for tasty food, just like the ancestral part of the brain is telling them to do. Training for muscle growth is never going to be the same. He's not a mystery. All I should you see about access, to resources, food, deserts. That's all been laid in and out. It's been told basically no water. People fail to lose weight in a diet because food tastes too goddamn good when you get hungry. Period. There's a few other cursory reasons in enabling factors there, but that's really just it. And if they succeed at losing weight, most of them regain it within several weeks or months because that drive, it's not logical, is ultra powerful. That's something we have to realize. Because our drive to eat, our hunger and cravings, our so powerful and primal, we have to give it a crap load of respect. And before we engage in the dietary process, we have to contextualize what that respect really means. And prepare so that we give ourselves the best chance. You don't want to do this thing where it's like, hey, let's go take over the Death Star. Sweet, two people and two phaser guns, we should be able to do it. You do know what the Death Star is. There is, there are like, I don't know, several million people that manage and are all combat trained, the thing that's a fucking giant laser, there's a military base. You don't just go in there with a few blasters, unless you look Skywalker and his crew. Scott, the video guy, are we into layup back in the day? She get out Voter down Voter. Up Voter. Even with the buns with the hair. Are we letting that hair down? Like, just let it all out? Oh, we do want it with the hair up. Both work. Once with the hair up. And then when later when she wakes up, again with the hair down. Oh, yeah, job outfit. I actually went, Dr. James Hoffman, from our P went as job at one Halloween and I went with him as slave layup. Good luck finding those pictures online. In any case, you don't come up against an insanely powerful enemy and just like, yeah, this is gonna be easy. You respect the shit out of the enemy and try to give yourself the best chances. It doesn't mean you say, oh, this is, you know, no problem. It's a problem. And there are a few ways which we can prepare for that problem. First, expecting hunger and cravings to be a core predictable feature of dieting versus being shocked by them. If you coach individuals or if you've done this yourself before, you'll get this thing where a lot of people actually do this. They'll go, oh man, like, so I started to diet a couple weeks in like, I could really hungry. Is that normal? Yes, it's fucking normal. That fuck were you thinking, no, I don't mean to yell just kidding. But you guys know what I'm saying? Like, if we understand that this conceptual framework of a super powerful, super ancestral deep drive to eat when you're hungry, when you're losing any weight, eat more food than you need to regain your weight if that's a given in our ability to control it is very small. When the hunger and cravings show up, it's almost like being surprised like, hey, we tried to walk into the Death Star like just park our ship in the front port. And like, people with guns came out, strange. It's like they were expecting us, come on, right? So number one, expect hunger and cravings and expect to be them to be a big deal. So when you get hungry and cravings for the first time, you go, okay, here we go. Here we go. We planned for the Death Star Stormtroopers to start shooting at us when we were in this building, or whatever part of the Death Star, and just the same way we totally planned hunger and cravings and we're gonna be a big deal. Absolutely. Second, we want to try to develop ways in which to diet that minimize and help us control hunger and cravings. Versus, trying to look for a diet method that eliminates hunger and cravings altogether. And you'll see ads for this kind of shit, stupid fucking assholes like liver king, where else fuck? You know what I'm saying? I don't call him by his government name. What's his government name? Brian Johnson or some shit like that? Can you Google that real quick? We've got to be about to be my guy who's on Joe Rogan show that Google stuff. Brian Johnson? Brian Johnson, my fucker, I call you by your government name. Fuck you, lying ass motherfucker. Anyway, guys like that will say shit like, oh, yeah, like you eat fucking whatever liver I can raw eggs. You can just diet and have no cravings. Bullshit. Bullshit, looking for a diet that doesn't give you hunger and cravings, but will lose you a notable amount of fat and weight and let you keep it off will come standard with hunger and cravings. But based on how you execute a specific kind of diet, you can reduce the hunger and craving substantially. The idea that you're gonna make them go away is insane. That's like someone telling you, hey, you know, you can actually get to a place where you can do 36 hours without water and never feel thirsty. Okay. Next, you're gonna tell me I can walk into a supermarket and not get horny. Supermarket? My parole officer said, don't talk about that. It was a big misunderstanding. I thought I was in a strip club. It was a very large strip club. Vegas. Next, point number three, we have to prepare for this battle with hunger and cravings. Right? So what we have to do is try to develop, understand and deploy anti-hunger and anti-craving strategies as much as possible. And at RP, if you just type in anti-hunger, Dr. Mike or something into YouTube, we have like three or four videos on a shit. And one big ass video and how to control hunger while dining control, contextualize, not eliminate. Never make that claim. There's more on that to say with pharmacology, eventually we can eliminate it to the extent that you ever want to. You probably just wanna reduce it. But we have to understand that we're going into a big ass war so to speak. We're gonna need weapons. We're gonna need strategies. It's like, again, I'll just keep the dust star, take over analogy, dust star infiltration analogy. It's like saying, hey, what's the plan with the dust star? How are we getting in there? And like, yeah, we'll just go, you're all in, and we're gonna be reacting. We can shoot with a phaser and a whole thing blows up. Like, don't you wanna do some research on what that shit looks like? Where the defenses have heist? Where it's lightest? That's that how he can sneak in? Just the same way with the diet, you have to come prepared with as many anti-hunger strategies as possible. Number four. Just like in an infiltration mission, if you stay in the danger zone for long enough, you will get the swarm on you. Fucking storm troopers from every single fucking hallway and since the dust star is three dimensional, my fuck, it was like six hallways, shit's coming from up and down everywhere. So you gotta get in and out and you have a certain time zone, certain time frame. Just the same way, if you are dieting to lose fat, you have to understand that the longer you diet and the more extreme the magnitude of the weight loss is during that time, the more profound these cravings will be. If they have a claim some storm trooper goes in, they're like, I think there's people around the halls, they're not with us, they're like, yeah, send a squad, right? But if it's confirmed that they toasted the squad and they're still advancing, you get a battalion set next or some shit. They start locking the floors down. Just the same way, if you lose 10 pounds, your body's like, whoa, oh, oh, hunger cravings get in there, fix that shit. But if hunger craving comes back and be, we're still losing weight. Oh, what the fuck do you wanna play that shit? Double the effort. And then in week 17, if you're diet, you're looking at your fingernails, you're like, these look pretty good to eat, just swallow and consume. Maybe they can eat my own fingers too. Shit gets crazy and you have to know that. So before you plan a 24 week fat loss phase, or before you step on the scale of 300 pounds, I'm like, yeah, I'll just diet one continuous phase, down to 200 pounds, you have to realize, take small goals, break them up, take breaks, do not get overly ambitious, because you have to know that diets have to stop short of a failure point. And here's the other big sub point of this. Every diet for every person has a failed point. Maybe not every. Some monk in India can just willfully diet himself into death. Just food everywhere. He's doing this day after day drinking water, and eventually he sits there and just dies of fucking anoraxia. That is an impossibility for almost everyone, which means at some point you will fucking snap, and you will eat everything, you'll be like, oh, shit, right? You have to understand that that failure point is somewhere for everyone. Don't walk into it. Don't walk into it, stop well, short of it. And then that leads us to the next point. Understanding that once you stop your diet, your hunger and cravings still there to try to pull you back up to your old weight, they're gonna try to get there. It's sort of decent analogy here. You get into the death star and you put your phaser at the main reactor, and boom, it starts to shut down auto-destruct in 30 irreversible auto-destruct. It's like the stormtroopers that ran up to you and running up to you right now after you did that, you know, like, hey fellas, I wanted to reactors gone to whole things gonna blow up. They're not gonna be like, oh, yeah, good job. Like a mid-air game, see, they're gonna be like, mother fucker, and they're still gonna try to kill you. You're still in there. So when your lean is point of a diet, you're not fucking bad place, so know this. Don't have a plan of, well, I'm just gonna get $290 from 2020. And then I'm gonna stop the diet and just live like an old person, bullshit. Because if you live like an old person, what do we learn early on this presentation? I don't mean to be pedantic about that. That normal people do, well, they eat mostly according to a hunger and cravings. Just watch any normal person, what they do. Like when people go to Olive Garden, and try to order off the menu, they're not gonna be watching nutrition, and gonna be gonna be a watch, they're like, what do I eat like right now? Five menu items, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, all the way back up. After a diet, plan for maintenance phase. That's like two thirds as long as the diet was in which you slowly reintroduce more food. And slowly reintroduce junk food or chain meals so that that known, that a powerful hunger and craving system doesn't pull you back up, expect that it will try really, really hard. And that's a huge revelation because for years and years and years, common diet was to monologine or industry, was focused on how to make the best diets that get you from here to here. But now there's a change where we realize this is tough. Maintaining after is very tough also. So no, that the hunger and cravings won't just go away. Like, oh, you won, we're good, just stay 190 forever. That's not gonna happen. And point number six is if you are a coach and many of you who listen to this channel are, or watch the channel, years, I'm waving my pretend hair around. What kind of hair? I'm gonna, do you guys ever dream about having just like flowing locks, just long hair, rich and free? I'm gonna bridge in the financial sense. Maybe I should buy hair therapy. I'll do that right after this video. Next video, I promise I'm gonna have long, flowing rocks, start locks. In any case, many of you guys are coaches. You need to know this stuff and you do. You have to try to get to your clients to understand it. To tell them, hey, look like this fat loss plan to lose 15 pounds, who looks great. Let's get it done. But I want you to know Mr. or Mrs. Client, this can get rough. It can get really rough. Because there are tons of mechanisms in your brain to try to get you to get the fuck off this diet and get onto some pizza. Physically onto a pizza. I'm being enough pizza. Yeah, sounds fun. Slip on a pepperoni. Soon pizza hut. Expect them, sorry, get them to expect that it's gonna be tough, both on the fat loss side and the maintenance side. And then they'll be much better prepared, just like you. So if you wanna learn about anti-hunger mechanisms, how to eat, how to train, how to organize your sleep and your work, et cetera, supplements to take that can make hunger more manageable, making more successful diet. We've got tons of videos, we've got tons of books at RP, we have a whole certification coaching course that really barriers that shit for you. So there's lots of good stuff to get your learn going on. And just respect your hunger and cravings. They have a deep ancestral evolutionary place. They're the thing that keep all the animals and humans alive. If you somehow like magic ones, zap the earth and every animal lost its hunger instinct, all the animals would die within several weeks or months. The fat animals would die in several months. And gee, we as almost all human beings would die as well. Certainly, all unattended children would die. And that's how populist things are. So we need a hunger and cravings, signaling mechanism, but ours is sensitive because we evolve in a time of sporadic starvation. And so when you have tasty food around, your body wants to eat it. And when you lose weight, your body is your brain's ancestral evolutionary mechanism. And then it'll know that, oh, it's the 21st century and fitness is a hobby, we're also rich that being fat as a problem. I don't know any of that shit. So understand the where that side of you is coming from and respect the limited shit out of it, don't pretend you're some willpower generating cyborg, it'll be sweet one day for sure. Use your willpower, use your intelligence, but respect the shit at a hunger cravings because they're the real deal. Anyone who tells you, oh, I got this diet that eliminates them completely. Just powder your hand and slap them right in the face. And before they have a chance to react, even if the reaction is, oh, my word, powder the backside of that shit and go, bam, not hard. Just enough to let them know you've had it with them. And lastly, like comment, as you want, if you want to get them, get them comments, subscribe, hit that subscribe button. People say things on other YouTube channels about a notification bell. Should I be saying that's got to video guy? It's got to video guy, it says, eh, we don't want to bother you with bells going off R.P. Hit the notification bell with your really insist that you want to hear what we have to say. We do put out really regular content, though. So like 12 Eastern time on most days of the week, they'll be in our P video of some sort. And if you want more extra nerd stuff, even nerdyer than this, consider joining our members area. That's like five bucks and it gets you out of geez, like one or two more videos a week. And if you're really super nerd and you want a support community to discuss crap like this and also get like a ton of coaching inside, video analysis, huge forum. We've got the team full-round forum to give that a shot. All that's in the description by the way. So click on stuff, buy things, it pains me to not physically be in a Lamborghini right now and you can help by paying for products that I get the money and then I buy my buttlers by the Lambo and I look at it in my garage of 30,000 total cars and it's nice, it's nice. I'll see you guys next time.