Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrridsation, and on today's episode of BS, I'd say the whole thing, but YouTube doesn't like me swearing in the beginning of the algorithm for the algorithm rather. High protein diets are bad for your health. Don't eat them. You'll have bad health if you do. A lot of times, this just said really straightforwardly. You may be tell your parents or your parents, friends or your aunt, Susie, well, I'm eating a lot of protein because I want to build muscle, and so I can have more friends. And she will say, well, I think that's bad for you. Isn't high protein bad for you? And it's something that a lot of moms, especially a really concerned, where their teen sons start to pick up the old creatine and protein and weights, and try to get buff and high school. Maybe some kind of old school doctors in their corner from 1955 when he got his medical education, they say, protein, extra protein is bad for you. You don't want to eat it. That's fine, that if this is true. In order to find out if this is true, we have to go to the claims and get a one layer deeper to ask just one question why. Or how? How is excess protein bad for you? How are high protein diets bad for you? A lot of times the answer involves the kidneys and if usually just a one word answer, like kidneys. Yes, the kidneys do exist, go on. You'll almost never hear them go on after, because most people who say protein is bad for health just don't know anything after that. But you know, chat GPT style make up an answer, like, well, the kidneys process protein and you can overwhelm them. Yes, with too much protein, that's like fine claim to stick in the ground and see if it stands up. Another candidate organ is just not that many organs in the body. I don't know that many. So we'll say liver. That's one you hear a lot. Well, what the liver. It's bad for the liver and then you get the identical answer if you ask any further. We'll see the liver. Ross asses. Not sure how. Protein and you can overwhelm the liver with too much protein and then delivers like, what are you doing to me? You're killing me. I'm Jersey livin. So that's the protein that ran me. I'm so young. That's exactly how liver's sound, by the way. Another thing you might hear from the more astute podcast listeners of all stripes is M. Torr and protein activates that longevity may be a problem. They've had actually beyond some tiny little bit of truth. We'll get that in a second. And of course, last one as well. My nurse, my nurse practitioner or my doctor told me. And while you should listen to medical staff getting a second opinion and a bit of skepticism is probably good for almost everyone. So what is the reality? First straight up. If you have healthy kidneys, which you would know by just going to the doctor once a year getting a regular checkup, getting normal blood work that the doctor should order for you to check up. If the doctor's like everything looks good, you can assume your kidneys are totally fine. There is actually no realistic amount of protein that you could eat that is unhealthy. You could make almost your entire diet protein for weeks on end. And you know, they have tried that in the laboratory. And it doesn't strain the kidneys. They're really great at doing their job. And there's two of them. So they're super powerful. Now, if you have kidney disease or dysfunction of any kind. Talk to your doctor about how much protein you should be eating. The good news is they probably already talked to you. And then your special case in this video does not apply to you. Almost everyone 99.9% of people have perfectly normal kidneys and they can eat as much protein as they want. Does that mean you have to eat a ton of protein? No. Does that mean it won't make your efforts and poops make friends and partners and spouses, spice, species. Leave you. Well, yeah, no, no. Leave the shit out of you. You'll be awful. But it's not going to hurt your health. This is confirmed in study after study. It is essentially bedrock foundational medical knowledge at this point. And your doctor, the things otherwise is just out of date. There's just no other way to say that. Your body is super resilient and can be healthy with really different and takes a various back nutrients, including protein. So it's nothing to worry about. What about the liver? That's just make belief nonsense. Somebody just made that up. The way to overwhelm your liver by eating too much protein is not even biochemically obvious to me at all. I don't know. Maybe you guys have some suggestions and the comments. How that could happen? I'll preempt you with saying that the direct study show it doesn't happen. So enjoy hypothesizing to know where. What about longevity? It is probably true that a diet slightly lower and protein than what would make you maximally jacked does increase by some small margin long term lifespan of any individual. The marginal benefits for marginal trade-offs, right? But is that worth it to you? Maybe. You're 60s and 70s and you really want to optimize for longevity. I wouldn't get super jacked. I would be lean and fit and healthy and active. Put eats on the normal amount of protein that a human being supposed to eat. Maybe just a little bit more than that to get a little bit extra jacked. Nothing like a gram per pound. Maybe 0.6 or 0.7 grams per pound per day. And if you want to know about kilos, just take them into a calculator, damn it. I don't want to be too mean to a European friends. Asian friends and African friends. I guess the Americas the only place that you just have Canadian friends, Mexican friends. I digress. Lastly, if we have a counter for all those things, the vast majority of people that hate on protein and say too much protein is bad for you are doing one of two things. One is making something up. Or two is just repeating something somebody else made up. And they're probably not training with weights and they're small. They're just not jacked. What's that? How do you go through your life being not jacked? The answer is perfectly normally, but also go eat your protein. Get jacked and enjoy. And you're paying at some level a tiny longevity cost perhaps. And that's all trade us based on you. Seeing the too much protein is just straight up bad for your health is bullshit. And if you like the opposite of bullshit, consider joining our member section of the channel. Yes, it pays us more money. So then to get to crash test the Lamborghini every week. It's a passion of mine. In addition to that, we have a team full rom forum where you can ask me questions directly. I'll often reply with pictures of my generals, but you're getting value one way or another. That's all in the description below. Like favorite. We put out like five videos a week. So good luck turning on the notification bell if you like to be bothered. If not just scroll through will be in your feed. Hopefully not with pictures of our generals, but maybe see you next time.