A lot of people say that if you train heavy sets of 5 to 10 instead of sets of 10 to 30 repetitions, per set, that you will become more dense. You will get a denser look or feel to your muscles in it. That's probably not true. Spoiler alert. Ah, I sent it to you soon. Common claim that going heavier will give you a denser look to your muscles. Some people see like power lifters look real dense. So I have a few questions for that line of reasoning. First, what does a dense look actually mean? I actually don't know what that means. You could say like, well, it's the look like branch warren has Google if you don't know who that is. And the first image come up, you're going to be like, holy tank. But branch trained with all kinds of repetition ranges and a lot of sets of 20 to 30 reps and burnouts and drop sets and finishers. And you just kept looking more and more tank like. So that's interesting. So maybe there's not a dependable relationship, but relationship to what I don't know what that means. So yes, maybe it means you look like branch warren, maybe means you look like someone else and no one's really been able to just point like now. It's this look right here. I don't know what a dense look means. If you think about the concept of density, it's just a relationship of weight and volume. So how can you even infer that from looking at something like Wolverine without his ad a anti-imscalotone looks exactly the same visually as with the ad a anti-imscalotone and he's like 10 times more dense with it. So how can you tell a muscles more dense? Is it bubbly or is it grainier? I mean, you can actually only see the surface of a muscle. Is it rounder or the muscles bunched together more, but isn't that just more muscle mass? Like are we really so sure that every trainee does that? We know for a fact that research confirms that anywhere between sets of five repetitions per set, going close to failure and sets of 30 to even 40 reps per set, cause roughly the same amount of total hypertrophy. So you could get super enormous looking at other person in Google is Dennis James, Google Dennis James bodybuilder. The first picture you see, if him like one of his most muscular, you're going to be the kind of fuck is that a real person. There's no more room to add muscle on his body. Dennis James didn't necessarily go hard and heavy. He didn't a ton of different rappenters. It's true for most bodybuilders that look the most. Anything you can think is a dense look. Maybe people need the muscles are physically harder to the touch. You can do that's that really look though anymore. That's a feel. If you have a job feeling out bodybuilders, you'll be pleasantly surprised. Oh hey, is there a job like that? Can I put in my application? It's like experience like I have a lot of desire and I think that's more than enough. How do we know that this is true though? Let's say the claim is now a keep it the muscles are physically harder. Do we know this? Good news. I'm a professor of sports science. We don't. So I don't know how people found this out. No, it could be a hypothesis. The people have generated from exclusively clinical setting of training, the actual experiential training and their same look. I've seen this in training. I feel that maybe it's true. I used to be a competitive power lifter. It wasn't very good, don't worry. Back in my drug free days. Those healthy on days, so many moons ago. And I trained mostly for sets of G's, three to eight reps. And then there wasn't any harder or anything like that. Matter of fact, it's significant problems with hardness, especially when it nerves and stuff like that. Not all performers. Folks, don't worry. I got it resolved. I just began to be solvent. So to me, I never observed that relationship. I've trained hundreds of hundreds of people. I've never observed the relationship that there's some kind of density relationship or hardness relationship with heavy training. Maybe there's a mechanistic thing there. Because we know there's some one of you who's going to already have posted this. So you go ahead and delete your comment now. JK, leave it in there for all of us to read it. You will also get in, stay calm. Myofibular versus suckaplasmic hypertrophy. Myofibros are the actual tissue inside the muscle, the organous inside the muscle that how is the contraction machinery acting in myocene and shell like that? Those are myofibros. But then there's other parts of the muscle cell, which all look like muscle on the outside, that have, you know, there's more so it's called suckaplasmic. And it's just like there's some other organous floating around in there. You're nucleus, tectlic, sits in it. There's ribosomes, and vesicles, and stuff. And it's kind of the more poofier, liquidier version. Right? That's at a microscopic scale, though. So it all just looks like muscle at the top end. So are people saying you get more myofibular hypertrophy and less suckaplasmic hypertrophy? That's possible. But we also know for many studies that there is a distinct myofibular and hyper and suckaplasmic hypertrophy. But typically, suckaplasmic hypertrophy occurs first. Like when you first start resistance training, your muscle glycogen, the ability to store goes up much faster initially than the myofibos are constructed and new because they just take longer to construct. But at the end of three or six months of training, doesn't matter what rep range you train in, you roughly have the same ratio of myofibos to suckaplasmic. That anyone who trained in any other rep range has. So it's kind of the temporary thing that if you're first trained very heavy in low volume, you don't get a big sarcoplasmic expansion. But then your myofibos grow over time. If you do train of higher reps, you get a big initial expansion, but then it sort of floats away. And the myofibos underneath grow any way to fill in the space. So if that's the case, then long-term it kind of doesn't fucking matter. So maybe this doesn't add up. And if there is research in the future, which that hasn't been yet, that shows that doing a wide range of rep ranges, all sets of five to ten and ten to twenty and twenty and thirty have bring in their own special kind of growth, one wouldn't you do all three of them in some part of your training periodization. You wouldn't want to miss out. So that really seems to be the case. And you basically, for now the way to research is, you at least want to use every rep range, you get a high stimulus to fatigue ratio. So if sets of twenty, you really light up your biceps, but they're great on your joints, and sets a five or amazing for your back, but sets a twenty just tire your back out. Yeah, do lots of sets of five for your back, and sets a twenty for your biceps. Wherever that stimulus is high, pump, burn, soreness, all that other stuff. And the fatigue is low, you feel okay, you're not super sustainably drained, it doesn't break your joints down or anything like that. That's kind of the right answer. So training on purpose of lots of sets of five to ten to build density, even though the quality of your training sucks, like, hey, how's your chest training going? I don't know, man, just like my shoulder shirt, my elbows hurt, my pecs don't get very sore, very pumped. Apparently, sets a five to ten are supposed to get be denser, something? That is not a dependable thing at all. What is much more dependable is choosing a repetition range for your pecs, let's say, it sets a 12 to 15, really light your pecs up in the best possible way, and it's a weight just light enough that your joints feel good. That's not the wrong answer. You will get bigger muscles because we also know that there's made be no such thing as the muscles get denser, and if they're denser, then maybe no identifying it externally, the look is the look is the look, and then some people just look more tank-like than others, and it probably is nothing to do with the composition of the muscles themselves. So the verdict here, as far as I see it tentatively for now, is trying to think like scientists, is at best this muscle density idea is something we don't care about, it's my favorite liver, versus soccer plasma at hypertrophy, but like who cares, it's all hypertrophy, get me jacked and eventually it fills out to the same thing anyway. And at worst, it's just not a real thing. AK is just total bullshit. I don't even want to bring an Arnold to say bullshit. Just regular this time, guys. All right, go out there, train ultra heavy, get dense, get hurt, and talk about the good old days. See you guys next time.