Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. And have you tried our new hypertrophy app? Shameless plug, it exists. Link in the description. But hold on, that video is a different video. This is about BS. And the idea that ultra high protein is a must, if you're serious about fitness, how did we get here? How do people have this idea? Well, people find out that protein does a few things. If I'm not that it builds and retains muscle, which is true. Then it suppresses hunger pretty well for how many calories it has, which is also true. And the jacked and fit people need a lot of it, which is also true. And then all of a sudden, for some of these folks that find this out, they seemingly think they can't get enough protein. You got regular folks eating as much protein as they can. I said, protein's good, right? Well, can I have a take, you don't train with weights or exercise? You do not need three stakes or whatever. There's all these convenience store gas station snacks that are like, now, packed with protein. You're like, you're like, you're like, I'm packed with fucking pros and cons. You're probably not even protein in there. But it's more of an usual and now it tastes worse. Who is the target demographic for this? It has too many calories from fat to appeal to fit people. They're just appealing to regular people to think protein is some kind of superfood. And it's not. A lot of times, people eat a lot of protein. And in order to keep calorie balance or just their two full, they have to cut down on other nutrients like fats and carbs and those other nutrients help to enhance performance. And potentially, muscle growth at a certain level, higher than protein if you already have enough protein. Tons of bros eat a gram and a half or two grams or two and a half grams per pound per day to try to get jacked. And guys that are on gear look a need of protein, bro and Montgier. Nope, that's also false. I have a whole little idea on that I think. And people will say, look, if I get a bit extra protein, so what? It's a good thing. What's too much of a good thing? You get extra hugs and kisses from a significant other. Who's complaining? Well, here's the reality. Protein has some downsides. One of cost money is generally the most expensive macronutrient. And if you think you have to eat a lot of it, you could be missing a way a lot of money. You could spend on other things. Past roughly 0.8 grams per pound of protein per day, only a small minority of users in a small minority of conditions will actually benefit from more than that. So any more than 28 grams per pound per day, which is to say if you wait 200 pounds, you're relatively lean, and you're eating anything more than 160 grams of protein per day. Most of the time it'll be pointless. Some of the time they'll be a small benefit up until you get to about a gram per pound, any more than that has no benefits almost at all in any case, except for a tiny, tiny fraction like your natural bodybuilder two weeks away from your contest. And then you could go up to about 1.21.25 grams of protein per pound per day, while you're starving and eating almost nothing else. And then any more than that for you will still be better spent as far as calories on carbs or fats. So as soon as you get to about a gram per pound per day, and you want more muscle growth, make sure your training is of high quality, make sure you're eating enough carbohydrates and fats to power performance and support your hormones. And if you need more calories, just turn up the carbs and turn up the fats. You don't have to crank the proteins up anymore. There is no benefit to that and you will not grow any more muscle. Thinking that you need more than a gram per pound per day to grow muscle is the same thing as pouring so much gasoline into your gas tank that it starts to float out and it goes everywhere and someone's like, hey, hey, buddy, click that off. Getting gasoline and other way, you're like, oh, don't worry, bro. I like to really, really, really top it off. Because like, then my car will go even faster. They're like, oh, you're mentally unwell. I'm so sorry. You shouldn't be getting gas yourself. Let me put that away for you and wait hold up. Anyway, I'm done smoking that cigarette. Boom, bam! I wouldn't do that. You guys have everything like, if you were really cool, you would smoke cigarettes next to a gas station. Joe Kamel would do that. Scott is Joe Kamel still allowed to advertise cigarettes to children. Kind of a, kind of, a unlippertine world are we living in? Although I'll say anthropomorphic enormous Kamel with a leather jacket, probably made me less likely this smoke cigarettes than more likely. It has a bit since 1997. 1997 was the year America turned away from freedom. Look, I'm not saying cigarettes smoking is ultra cool. It makes you super attractive. I'm just saying, I'm just going to stop. I'll get canceled the next thing I say. Damn YouTube. Anyway, folks, protein is great. Up until about a gram per pound. Anything north of that, you could be eating other new trance to be a better spending of your money, spending of your time, more food enjoyment, get more diversity of foods and worst best of all. You get better results in the gym and outside the gym. Protein is great. Don't need too much of it. See you next time. All weight weight. Bosh it. Yeah, thank you guys.