Ginnis. Taste like sh**. And apparently, that's the least manly thing I could say because there's a ton of you in the comments. Be like, f**k, bro, you grow. But f**k, Ginnis, in these veins, baby. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. Today's topic is how alcohol consumption affects your muscle mass and your strength gains. Scott, the video guy will very likely throw up our video on alcohol and fat loss right over here. So please, my all means click. That will take care of that. It's a bit of a different discussion. I really wanted to split these two discussions. It won't like one discussion of just alcohol and fitness because there's so much to cover. So we're just going to be talking about how alcohol affects your ability and likelihood of success with trying to get stronger and more jacked. The two most important things in this world if you're keeping track. Here's the deal. Alcohol presents, I think at least four problems for muscle and strength gains. Problem number one is that it interferes with recovery. Alcohol consumption, especially at the high rates, increases the systemic fatigue that you experience. And it prevents the systemic fatigue that you create and you're training from falling off as fast between sessions, between weeks. So instead of you training for a few weeks in your fatigue climbing like this, if you consistently consume higher and higher amounts of alcohol, your fatigue climbs faster. So whereas normally week three of a program you'd be hitting big PRs. If you're drinking much more than usually do, you may not be hitting big PRs. You may just be scraping by, hitting smaller PRs or even tanking and not hitting NAPRs at all. So it's definitely a thing that absolutely happens. Alcohol is the opposite of a recovery modality because an anti-recovery mentality. So if you're like, oh, bad, I really need to heal up. I should eat relax and hydrate properly and have some sleep and oh yeah, I'll drink six beers. No, no, that last part is the opposite of what you want. A psychologically alcohol can really help you unwind, but there's a physical cost there, which is why most serious athletes either don't drink or only drink in specific times or just don't drink much. Or have in Saint Genetics and alcohol, I'm sure there's a few. Next, really big concern with alcohol is it your fears with sleep? This is a huge problem for muscle growth and recovery because sleep is ultra-powerful at making you bigger and stronger. Alcohol reduces sleep quantity and typically sleep duration, especially if you have it well into the night, which is kind of how a lot of people drink alcohol. You drink alcohol in the morning, people say you're a dare-like piece of shit who should get a job, thanks dad. But she drink in a night, people are like, hey, great, you're successful and you're drinking it at the socially appropriate time. Problem is it costs you sleep and sleep is the elixir of strength and hypertrophy recovery. So bad deal there for sure. If especially you consume quite a bit of alcohol, little party night, that consumption of alcohol can reduce the quality of the training session you have the next day, especially if it's in the morning, but really throughout that whole day. So it's a really, really not ideal to consume substantial amounts of alcohol, the day before a bigger workout for you. So that is an acute concern with alcohol consumption. And lastly, if shit wasn't bad enough already, alcohol through a variety of mechanisms, causes a decrease in muscle protein synthesis, which means that it actively contributes to making you less jack than you could have otherwise been without it. That's a bad deal. And it's weird right, because culturally like tough guys who have muscles who look like pop-eyed drink beer, but the realities if they drank less beer, they would look even tougher and more like pop-eyed. That's what you're into. So yeah, rough, it's rough. Alcohol sucks for muscle and strength. They're just fucking blows. However, you still wanna get fucked up, because you know what I'm saying, you're in that time in your life, you love drink or two or five or seven. And that's okay because the following, eight point guide is my way of telling you look, sure, go ahead and drink, but try to integrate a couple of these eight points into your plan, a drinking plan, if there's such a thing. Drinkies when you don't have a plan both of them. Yeah, way hold on, hold on. I'm like fucking drinking on job here. Guess me, Lish, this is a Serbian product. What's that today, brother? Huh? Tastes like misery. It's mineral water. It's not alcohol. This is what you drink the day after. You wallow in your own despair and look upon the record of a once greatly aspired room but never actually great Eastern European facade. Yes, I was born in Moscow, Russia, done that before. In any case, you wanna drink, but you wanna do it in such a way at least have the tools, the knowledge to be able to do in such a way that minimizes the drinking's negative impact on your swollen, strong journey. It's international sign for bench press right here. How do you do it? Couple of tips. These are all marginal tips. You can apply them halfway and get half the benefits. You can apply two or three of them or you can apply all eight. The more you apply them, the less of a deleterious effect alcohol will have on your strengths and your muscle size. The less than you apply them or the more the alcohol has full effects. So it's all on you to make that trade off. No value judgments, drinking, sure shit a lot more fun than lifting weights and being jacked in most cases. I do admit. So number one. Straight lickers, no mixes or use diet mixes. Mixers, scots of mixes and mixers, mixers have been no barren in a generation. So yeah, like don't drink full fucking meaty beer. What's that shit called? Stout, whatever the fuck. Stouts with Southerners call you when you're big. Hey man, what perished out? What's that shit they make in Ireland taste like piss? Is black or whatever? No, no, no, it's just a particular brand. Yes? Guinness tastes like shit. And apparently that's the least manly thing I could say because there's a ton of you in the comments really folks wrote, you broke, broke, get us in these veins, baby. Guinness has a lot of calories. And only a small fraction of that is through alcohol. So try to drink some shit that doesn't have a ton of calories other than when it's private alcohol. So like vodka diet coke. And I know it's literally a girly drink, but it's going to have less of an effect on the rest of your shit because you don't have to have a ton of junk calories, which make you fat and don't contribute to recovery in your least much, you can eat more in Whole Foods and thus have better results for getting jacked zone and so. So not a huge, super important thing for strength and size as much as it is for fat loss, but absolutely something to consider. Next, drink on a slightly more empty stomach. This means you get drunk with less alcohol, thus less calories and less deleterious effects on the rest of your physiology that alcohol imparts, including reducing potential for muscle growth and strength gains. Gotta be really careful with this because if you drink on an empty stomach, your tolerance can be half of what it usually is, and you can really scoot out the other end and have a bad time. So do do be careful, but the purpose for drinking normally is to feel a sensation of drunkenness. And if you can accomplish this with less total drug, then you're kind of winning in this case. So give that some thought as well. Point number three is to have a few drinks as gets the job done. And I have a little chart here that if you're a repeat viewer of the channel, you may be recognized it from my alcohol and fat loss video. But dies like a couple of points scale here. You start drinking at first your feeling it, then you're tipsy, then you're what I call in the mix. This is where all the fun happens. This is the reason people drink is to get into that zone where you're vibing, good buzz going, everyone's friendly, your friends with everyone. You can still make sense with your mouth movements. And then after that, everything really just is no more fun as the alcohol goes up the fun actually peaks and then goes down. So after you're in the mix, you get drunk, which can still be okay. Then you get sloppy, which is annoying for your friends. Then something I call college night, then the college, and I'm talking about. So when people throw up into carpet and then the last one is hospital trip. So the ultimate fatal conceit of the college freshman is thinking that the amount of fun you're going to have is the linear and proportion of how much alcohol you consume. It turns out it's a very distinct, you shape distribution that ends it. You know, what for many people is there are three to six drinks. Three drinks, if you're a girl, six drinks, if you're the typical guy, much north of that 10 12 drinks or whatever is you have a fucking problem. Instead of having the most fun. So give that a thought. There is an illusion, especially when you're drinking, like more will be better. Once you're coasting and you're having a fucking good time, just like drink, like drink, power or something or every 45 minutes of some shit and coast it out. Don't slam a shit because then you're having more than negative effects on your body. And for no more extra fun, look if there was more fun to be had, how fucking you had drink more, but the good news is is that it just doesn't take that much drinking to maximize how much fun you get out of drinking. Next one, this advice is painful for me to give because I don't actually agree with it, although it's true on the technical merit. It's to take it easy. And you know, when I was partying various points in my life, I did this and I still regret it. And in my soul in my heart, I'm a dancer when I get alcohol, grooving or whatever, I don't need alcohol for this, but I dance. And I'm in go and I run around and I do crazy shit. And it's fun and I'm terrible at all those things, but I think I'm having a great time. So I love doing it. But the reality is a shitload of crazy psychotic, rave or dancing does not make for a good recovery or a good leg workout to the next day or even two days later. So if you're really interested in maximizing your athletic journey and strength and size in that world, but you want to drink with friends, you want to go for a bit more of a lounge type of feel. So drink, dance a bit, chill a little bit, but don't go crazy and dance the night away because that absolutely will for tea to share. And again, I go dance the fucking night away. This is the, you know what I'm saying? You're in your 20s and 30s and you sad fuckers and you're 40s that are watching this. Jesus Christ. What do your kids think about this? In any case, you know, have fun. But, but if you have a powerlifting meet coming up in three weeks and you really give a shit about it, which your friends talked you and are coming out, you don't have to do a break dancing exhibition. I'm not sure if you're very good at it or South Korean, same thing by the way. Okay. Number five, eat plenty after alcohol puts you into a catabolic muscle loss state in many cases. And if you eat plenty of food afterwards, I don't know if it does that food taste good, but it shuts down the metabolism, boost the metabolism. Let's you grow some muscle at least save it. If you're drunk enough, I highly recommend Taco Bell. Surprisingly, in what is a crime of the 21st century no doubt, will not let you walk through the drive through. Apparently your drunk ass can get hit by the next person and that's a liability for Taco Bell. I think it's all bullshit. And we're getting our lawyers on this. But Taco Bell tastes great and the sheriff makes you bigger and stronger. Is that true? I don't know. The sheriff's how makes your anus bigger and stronger through resistance training. You'll figure it out. Number six, stop drinking two hours or more before you go to sleep. Training for muscle growth is never going to be the same. Number two, stop drinking two hours or more before you go to sleep. tougher to actually do them to say, because normally you go to sleep when you have your last drink and you look around and the world fades to black and you go to sleep wherever the fuck you were. You know, Hill and State Street, the middle of campus, college town USA, wake up at 9 a.m. someone steps on your face because you're going to class and I should. I'm alive. Typically how it goes, but if you can arrange for it be a little bit more intelligent and have a little bit more foresight, hilarious. The I'm laughing at myself for the foresight thing because one of them predictable effects of alcohol on the thinking process that reduces your foresight. But if you're an experienced drinker, just not totally an idiot like me, you can, you know, when you guys are leaving, here this is an important thing. When you're leaving the party or the club or the bar or the hangout, stop drinking. People will go and hang later together with friends, like a little after party. Don't drink the after party. You're already buzzing, just let that buzz wear off, have some french fries and dip it in cheeseburgers, whatever the fuck people eat after they get out of the bar. A couple hours later, a couple of good things happen. One, you'll be ready to sleep. The alcohol won't be your system as much. You'll get a much higher quality sleep because going to sleep when you have a ton of alcohol on your system is like kind of waste and time. As your body's not sleeping sleeping, nearly to the extent that it would be if you were alcohol free or much more alcohol for you if you gave it to hours. The other thing is you could be getting lucky and then the two hours could buy you like last whiskey dick, which helps if you plan on using it, essentially of course. Point number seven, a big question people ask is, for some reason I've received this question of tongue. I'm in college, I power left or I do have hypertrophy training and when is the best night for me to drink and when is the best night for me not to drink? As I've had people be like, look, I'm in college, I'm trying to join myself, I'm in a frat or whatever and like before they give your frat brothers and blow a job contest, we all get drunk. And when is it a good time to do this and what is the like less good time to do? So I'll straight up clear the air for you. One is do not drink the day before your heaviest heart of sessions of the week. That's fucking obvious. So you can have like heavy squats Monday, don't drink Sunday. Don't drink Sunday anyway. First of all, God's day, second about the fucking wrong with you. Do your homework, God damn it. But another question comes up of, do I want a drink before my rest day or during my rest day? Yes, if you drink on the same night earlier that day you had a hard workout, this drinking does absolutely interfere with some of the adaptations that are coming away from that workout for sure. But it's worse to drink before a workout the night before because it really reduces your stimulus ability. So in my calculations, I'd see that if you're going to pick a time to drink, let's say, one so weak, I would say the last day of training for that week before the rest day is the best time. So let's say you train Monday through Saturday, six days a week. Saturday night is your drinking night because then Sunday you don't have to go to the gym. You don't have to perform. You can puer yourself up off the ground, take 10 ad bills, forever because you have the world's worse hangover. Use Sunday to recover and do a bit of homework and then Monday you feel a way better. You could hit it in the gym super hard. If you train Monday through Friday and you don't train on weekends, then yeah Friday night is a great time to drink. Saturday nights a little better because it really gives you one day of rest and Saturday was the day of rest. But if you want to drink two days a week, Friday Saturday is great. If you want to use my focuses drinks like Thursday, Friday and Saturday and you go ham the entire time, you know, tell your psychiatrist about that later when your life is a fucking mess. I'm half kidding. In any case, yeah, that's the deal. So if you have to slide in at some point drinking before a rest day, ideally also on a rest day. But if you don't have them any rest days, sequentially before a rest day is best. So that you can drink, come home, sleep it off, wake up, have a breakfast, drop a breakfast and be on with your day without any hard training being that day because training hard after a night of drinking, either going to quickly discover is on average quite bullshit. Lastly, drink as few times in the sounds pedantic and kind of parental drink as few times during the week and or month as possible. I don't know if this is wisdom or not, and me just like thinking I'm on a high horse here about to say some stupid shit. There is a lot of fun to be had with drinking and college and all that bullshit and just going out with your friends if you're not a college student, if you're just you know 27 years old and living in Manhattan, like a young Scott the video guy. If you're in a little boy, a few memories, if you are in that sort of demographic, it's important to understand something that most of us have to get quite a bit older to understand. That while it is fun to drink with your friends, really, really, really fun times don't happen as often as times that are kind of mediocre. You don't want to be the person that drinks three nights a week and a quote of the nights is a smash hit. The other nights are just like you with three other people at the bar. You're like Jim, how are the kid just like I'm good and like I'm down with the fucking my here. Right? So I would say a good tip here is pick when you're going to go wild with your friends and do that sparingly like two amazing nights a month is like pretty good time and you know, God did invent weed for a reason. So you can use marijuana to get high with your friends. When you're not drinking and that's a shit load better for your health and interferes with muscle and strength and fat loss way less. So I'm absolutely not advocating for marijuana consumption on YouTube, but it might not be so legal, but give that shit some thought. Don't do anything stupid. Have fun. Take this all pretty easy. And if this is confusing, have a drink and see if it makes any more sense. Comments, questions below, subscribers, what's up? New subscribers. How are you guys? This is channel. It's always this weird. Welcome. And see you guys next time.