This is not a thing where they hit us up and they're like, there's $10,000, just go say nice things. You don't mean we don't do that and we never will do that. Every video you'll ever see us in door machines, we mean everything we say. There's tons of machines I ate. You won't see them on this series. You know, I hate them. You know, Atlantis went and did it. They decided, here we're going to put out an incline press machine. And just like you all know, with the latest model of Lamborghini, I had to have it. So I told my buttlers, hey, hey you, I said the buttler number 19. What would you go out and get me one of these Atlantis incline presses? He said something. I don't really care. Screw it away a couple days later. This shows up mint condition. Let's talk about how awesome it is. Let's talk about how navy and future generations they can improve on some things. In any case, lots of things to say. Let's try saying I'm already. Some absolutely great features of this machine. First of all, the movement is ultra smooth, super important. It doesn't shake, it doesn't rattle. There's no weird angles. It's amazing. Next thing. Two different options for handles. Some people are comfortable this way. Some this way. This accommodates both. We think the hold on a second. One of these is too low and too high. Ah, not so fast. We have a selectorized ability to move the actual seat height if we want. And thus, we can accommodate folks with long torsos, short torsos. Everything in between, making both of these handles, super viable options. You guys will notice we have chalk on these. That's because we actually use them. Last thing I'll say about this, we have a very rare ingredient here, the unloader. You press this up and all of a sudden, you get the weight right into your hand. You do all your reps, this allows a really big deep stretch at the bottom without hitting the bottom. And as soon as you're done, you step off, step into the unloader, take the weight away, squeeze out, and you're perfectly done. Couple of tips to you folks doing hypertrophy training. Crazy as it is, this machine is almost ideal for sets of 5 to 10. Don't let it wig you out, but if you're trying to do high reps on this, for some reason I tend to notice that with not a lot of weight, I get close to failure with reps I thought I could do more often. I'm like, I guess I really have weak. I put a lot more weight on in my reps followed by only a slight margin. I've got an amazing results here. It feels super safe and stable to do sets of 5 to 10 with to really get bigger and stronger with at the same time. If you can do sets of 10 to 20, I will say that once you do sets of 20 to 30, the frictional component of the machine makes so much up of the force that it no longer becomes a very high stimulus of a T ratio movement in my experience. So it's a 5 to 10, especially sets of 10 to 15, or perfect on this machine. It's super kind to your shoulders. It's got basically no axial fatigue, super kind to the elbows. If you're loading up dumbbells for incline dumbbells, you have to pick them up, you have to put them down as a huge pain. Here all you do is you select your exercise, the stack, no loading weights. You press up on that plate, get your position, un-rapped release, do high quality amazing reps, no spotter needed, no chance of injury, none of that crap will be something to go. But no chance of injury from the machine malfunctioning or from you being pinned under it. As soon as you're done, you press on the weight plate again. You get out, you depress, no problem. As far as a high quality machine, I'll tell you guys this. If you're traveling somewhere and you see one of these and it's a push day, use it. Really make some love to this machine. Play with the seat position. Play with which handles you're doing. Play with grip. It makes a big difference on this machine. If you're close grip, or if you're wide grip, it feels ultra different. It could feel both good but hitting slightly different parts in the musculature. It really is a lot of machines and one from this perspective. And if you get a chance to use it, I highly recommend you do my only quality of how to really doctor Mike does the red team analysis thing. Is that I wish it wasn't converging? I wish it was just linear, but I'm weird like that. And that's what I seem to prefer. Most people like the converging element, but it's subtle. It's not over the top. So that would be my only real critique. Another maybe tiny critique is I'd like a little bit more movement in this chair to, you know, adapt to folks with really short torsos in really long torsos. But it's really good as it is now. It could just be that little bit of extra. The foot plate is flawless change. Nothing. I've actually, I have outside of the frame of the shot. I have another chest machine, which is super, super well assembled. It's super great. It feels amazing. It doesn't have foot plates. It was just every time I started into that machine and tried to wiggle it in a mic. Damn it. I wish it was the Atlantis piece. This machine just represents sort of the standard of what I've come to expect with Atlantis equipment. Very reasonable prices for the effect that you get on this machine. The stimulus to fatigue ratio is incredible. And outside of that, he's been an incredibly well-engineered piece. Everything works like it's supposed to. The selectorized stat moves unbelievably fluidly. There's no coercing the machine. There's no working against friction. It's well built by people who care and by people who clearly train with weights. It's a knockout. One of my favorite pressing machines ever. Give it a thought. Folks, we'll be back with more of this series. Trying to figure out which machines are great, which machines are maybe not so great. We're going to talk mostly about machines that I love. Never now, again, we'll sneak in a bit of criticism. So when you go out with the world and you're choosing which machine to use, or you're deciding between gyms and one has a few of these machines and one has a few of these others. Or you're a gym owner or you know someone he has. Or you have to get your own garage gym, your own private gym. Please keep tuning into this series because we've got all sorts of machines to talk about. That are some combination of awesome and really awesome usually. And this is one of these things where if you know more about the stuff, you can make the right purchase. And why am I ranting about this? I've really thought about this. All the machines I have here are select purchase machines. And even though they are, I wish I had had time to train with them for a few months. Because some of them turned out to be not that great. The machines I'm cutting guys here, the real deal. There's we approached Atlantis to do this. They're not like, hey, live for us on TV. Not of that happened. We never going to do that to these are all real world reviews. If I review a machine well, there's a very good chance you'll love it. There is a chance you won't like it. We don't all agree on machines a lot of that's individual. But I'm cutting you guys the real deal. This is a wonderful, beautiful machine. And I could maybe ask it on a date. No, no, I'm married. Now my wife and I can ask now on date together. That's what I'm doing next. I'll see you guys next time.