Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization, and today is a video number six in our series of how to construct a proper hypertrophy mesocycle. And the way I do it nowadays, and I do it in no other way, is to use the RP-i-perrophy app, which I help to design. And I think it's awesome, and I think you're really loving. The thing is though, is the app actually releases full release, June 1st, which is coming up, like really soon. If you're seeing this video after June 1st, you click the same link in the description below in order to access the app. So give that a look. We're going to talk about the science and underlying philosophy of the multiple modalities you can use in your training. There's like six to seven of them, if you count my right matches, different than my reps, we'll get to that in a bit. And all of them you could use with the app or without the app, but if you want to do a lot better and faster in training than the app, it was designed exclusively to help you create, manage, execute, and benefit from hypertrophy programs. So here we go. So first up, our straight sets. Straight sets is just a term for normal sets. To set of five to 30 repetitions, you rest a normal amount of time until your cardiovascular stress is low again, you're not breathing super heavy, you feel psychologically, but strong. The synergists, supportive muscles are not going to limit you on your next set, like your lower back and a squat or something like that is lower back is nice and healed. And then also the muscle in question can do at least it are the five repetitions in the next set if you started. So that amount of rest, which is usually like, oh, you don't know a minute to three minutes in most situations. And then you go and do that set with the same amount of load. That's what a straight set is. And so on the hypertrophy app over here, we've got our dildo, mesocycle. We can have right now it says, can't burn bar bench press. We have one set with 135 pounds and we have a certain number of reps. So you do the set and then you enter and how many reps you got. It tells you to press the check in button when you're actually done. But you see, you know what I actually want to add a set so you just go to add set and that's how easy it is. It adds a set and notice it's using the same weight because it assumes straight sets and you do that set and you get let's say seven repetitions and then go to town. We'll check these in later because the check-ins actually surface other features that will have in later videos. All right. That's cool, but hold on a sec. Straight sets are awesome, but there's a set, there's very similar to a straight set that is called a down set. And that's our next modality. So down sets are also just straight sets, but with lower weight. Why would you lower the weight? Well, usually lower the weight something like 10 to 20 percent in order to often stay within the rep range that you want. Because as you fatigue, you may start to drop out of the rep range. And here in the cambered of our bench, we did nine reps and then we did seven. If we keep cranking along, we'll get close to five and under five real soon. And that's just generally not enough volume, not enough repetitions per set to be as hypertrophic. So we want to decrease the weight. We have it at 135 right now. We might want to decrease the weight actually. Well, let me delete this set and show you guys the feature. I'll show you the delete features. Let's see, delete this exercise hopefully that works. Boom. All right. Great. I'm trying to scroll with Scott's video guy has an Apple computer laptop that we're recording on and the little scroll cursor button thingy is backwards Apple. You did it backwards. You exactly my step to be speaking Apple wasn't first. Chuck, Chuck, Chuck, you're a market and your windows is backwards. Cool. Windows got it right. I'm so low shot first. He really did. Didn't he Scott the video guy? It's a bad person. I said you got to remember that. All right. So down sets is just you want to lower the weight and you can lower the weight and arbitrary amount. But generally you want to lower the weight. Stay in the same repetition range or sometimes you've had enough heavy training in an exercise. You actually think you're going to get a better stimulus to fatigue ratio going a little bit lighter. They could do a bunch of sets of 12 in the row and then you're like, you know man, sets of like 18 to 20 will be really good. It'll find me out. Now that I've got the heavy work in I can go a little lighter. So what you do here here's how you use in the app functionality. You go into a little menu that occurs with every single exercise. And you actually say duplicate exercise. And it's going to ask you if you want to repeat until the end of mezzo. You probably do because you don't want to do too much one off stuff. The app can handle all the one off stuff that you can throw it up. But the best way to train is consistency week over week. So yeah, I'm actually doing this every week. And then you hit duplicate exercise. Actressizes is duplicated. All it does is it just slots in another set at a new weight that you want. So what you can do here is say, well actually okay, so we already had 135 pounds. I'm going to go lighter. I went up to 575. My bad. Damn, the Apple thing scrolls real fast. So let's say it's 100. And now you have 100. And boom there it is. So 135 for two sets. We do 100. I say we get, oh, I don't know. I'm just going to use the manual drag. Apple computer go fuck yourself. JK. So boom, we got that checked in and everything's good to go. That's it. That is how downsets work. And if you want to do another downset, you simply go here. And you hit duplicate exercise again. And it brings it up. Awesome. And that function of duplicated exercise, which really means it's the same exercise. But you can pick the weight differently again. Takes us into our third modality, which is drop sets. Drop sets are just like downsets. And every conceivable way, except for the fact that the rest time between the sets isn't normal as it isn't downsets. It is constrained to something like OG about five seconds. Because what you're trying to do is get really close to failure. You cannot do any more repetitions. Or many more repetitions when you get close to failure. So what you do is you reduce the weight, such that you can get another five seconds. And then reduce the weight again with no rest such that you can get another five to turn up. So typically we get 10 to 20 percent drops and weight over something like three to six different sets. And if you're going to do that, the way to keep track of it is really easy. And we can actually do a demo here with the barbell. Let's say we have the barbell. And we want to do a situation where we do drop sets. Now, that's probably not the greatest exercise you drop sets with. You just get really tired. But you know, as another exercise, we would be jamming. So you know what, here we say this. And then we would say. Remove set just to illustrate what it looks like with drop sets. So we'll say we'll start this exercise with 70 pounds. Or even we'll go heavier about that. Oh boy, this is really crazy. 100 pounds. And to our R is the goal. Great. We do is we use the same function, which is going to be a workhorse for you. The duplicate exercise function. You only have to do this once because it will stay around for the rest of your mesocycle. Now we have another set of barbell. With the weight we can choose. We go up here again. We hit duplicate exercise again. It's going to repeat again. Now we have three. We go here again. We do duplicate exercise. Now we have four. So if you do this before we show up to the gym or when you go to the gym, a hundred. And then we say, well, G 100 was fine. I think if we're going to drop to 80, it's probably going to work for me. And then I'm going to drop to. A couple computer 60. And then after that, I'm going to drop to. Well, the bar really. So but we'll pretend this is some kind of cable machine or something. 40. And on all of a sudden. We have a hundred. Set it a hundred. Set at 80. Set at 60 and a set at 40. And as you go through the weeks of the app, the Apple periodized this for you. So it'll give you the same wrap range targets again. Or increase the wraps by one. Or it'll ask you to go to 105 pounds next week. 85, 65, 45, and so on. And you can always add more sets to this or take sets away. Boom. Drop sets solved. So far you can do three things in the app. Straight sets. Down sets. Drop sets. Let's see what else we got. All right. Giant sets. Now to be clear, I'm using the term giant set differently than most people would. Many people have called these marathon sets. But I think giant set also works. Giant sets are not where you do like three or four exercises in a row. That's a superset that period. Okay. You can't call it a giant set if it's multiple different exercises. It's a bunch of different sets. Giant set is when you set a really high rep target. You do a bunch of mini sets there to get to that rep target. So let's say I want to do 50 repetitions total in our example here would just be like the Canberra bar bench press. So I'm going to take this. And I'm going to simplify it by removing a set. And so once that we have here, let's say we set the rep goal as 50. It's currently our toped out. Scrape your throws a suite when you want to simply open that这 bar that you fixed some kind of one that is going to be distributed toped up. Let's see that one pound which will help integrate始men. Um, you can just see we have 50% banking set to write that option. So let's consider terms graphical distance, this is essentially a patch. Okay. Quite a lot of units, these matters are incorrect, the whole setup, the community's set and how wide are you starting out with but you know what's implications want, you pick the Torah rep goal to get the volume that you need. And then what happens is you don't have to focus on matching reps week to week to week. Why is that a bad thing? I thought it was a good thing. It is a good thing. But for some exercises on which you're really struggling with technique, you're really struggling with a mind muscle connection. You find that when you try to use it a week, you're 10 last week, the absets and you do 11 reps this week, I'm just trying to gun for those reps. And I have a real hard time detaching myself from trying super hard and focusing on the mind muscle connection. One is a focus on that. I forget I don't even have a trouble making sure I'm going hard enough to get where I need to go. And I just get so obsessed that I just start pushing hard and I lose all contact with my mind muscle connection. With giant sense, you have 50 total reps to do. And it does not matter how many sets you do them in because nobody's counting and including you. All you count is the reps you get per set. And then you add them and you add them and you add them. So you say, OK, I got 25 reps. I got another five reps that I got another five reps, I'm up to 30. I guess I've got 20 more reps to go until I hit 50. In each one of those many sets, you can stop whenever you want, which means that every single rep you can focus only on the technique in mind muscle connection and not have to worry about thinking of pushing yourself hard. There is a time to push yourself hard, but don't worry, the volume will push you anyway. Once you're really clued in and that exercise, you can always switch to conventional training, straight sets, down sets, drops, that's all that stuff. But giants that's a really great way to just get in a lot of work without a ton of pressure to match performance every time. And how do you do these? So the first thing you want to do is you want to add an exercise note. And you're going to type in, giant, set, 40 reps. You're going to save that. And you're going to pin the note so it appears every single week. It'll also screw up these sets. Don't worry, we'll debug that. Giant set and I spelled it wrong. Isn't that great? I'll just fix that right now. Look how easy this access is. By the way, this works identically on your phone and laptop, which is really nice. Here I'm going to go and say, okay, I've got 40 as the rep goal. And because I know it's a giant set, I just keep going until I hit 40 reps. Next week, it'll come up and say, giant set, 40 reps. Next week you'll go in and you go, hi, I want the progress. So I say it's, oops, that's a little much. I say it's 45 reps. I update. And then I take this and I manually slide it to here. That's my new total rep target. And I do it all by myself. Now, if you absolutely have no interest in counting and adding reps in your head, you can use the duplicate exercise function to just add in another set of gambar borrows. And you have a giant set labeled on all of them. And then you just go and do the mini set and have the weight the same in each one. Or actually, if the weight's the same in each one, I'm an idiot. You can just add sets if you like. So there's two different ways to do this. And you just instead of saying 45, you got the 45 up here. You can do a set of 38. That's it. You're first set. You're really about wild as 32. Then you say, okay, I need another thing of 10. And then whatever, it adds up to 45 at the end. And then you can do it like that. The thing is the auto regulation of the app will try to increase this load for you or increase the rep goal for you. So have to do a little bit of checking to see what your goal is every week and making sure that this all adds up. Super easy to do. And again, this is a huge advantage in training. But if you're really too focused on trying to match the reps, you can just go for the total. And here's the thing. Your reps next week, you can get 26 in the first set because you got so focused on a technique. You don't want to push it ultra hard or the reps got harder because your technique is so much better because good technique makes the reps harder and I'd easier in body going and hypertrophy training. In powerlifting, good technique makes the reps easier. And hypertrophy training is the other way around because you're exposing the muscle and more tension in a less advantageous position. So you've got 26 here, now all these just need to rise up to the rest of them or you just add another set. Who cares? All you need is that 45 tour. So that's pretty straightforward. All right. Next up are myorepsets. Myorepsets. Illustrate another function. Just add a new exercise so it doesn't get confusing. Tryseps. Why not? And we have a load menu here. Oh, this is a dildo press. Isn't that cool? I love it. Well say we want to do a cable over to trysep extension. Why not? And share. We'll do it. Oh, that's a long. And where is that going? I think it was shuddled down to the perfect cable over to trysep extension. And we want to do myorepset or what the hell is a myorepset? Myoreps are when you do a first set of 10 to 2015 to 20 repetitions. You rest three to five and or five to 10 seconds. There's a few different ways to skin the cat. The cat, by the way, hates all the ways because said that before. And then you rest a tiny little bit and then you do another set and another set and potentially another set. Each one of those breaks is the myoreps break and each one of those sets is the myoreps mini set. And what you do is you take multiple approaches close to failure. So it'll look like you get 15 reps. Then you get seven. Then you get four. Then you get three. Then you're done. How many rest breaks you take is arbitrary. It's up to you. The first time you ever do myoreps, I would recommend just one break. So you do 15 reps or something, 17. You rest three to five seconds, shake it out and then do another set of like close to failure. Let's say it's six. Just that alone, you did two sets. But it took you almost the same amount of time as one set. But you had two distinct approaches near failure, which means it's going to be more hypertrophic than one set. But take almost the same amount of time as one set because if you rest to the full amount of time and you did all those reps over again, called lead in reps, you did, you know, 10 reps and then the last four or hard in the second set, those first time reps absolutely do stimulate muscle growth. But by a small margin, not as much as the last five repetitions, which are the money. So myoreps really take advantages, a fact that when you train closer to failure, the results slightly more muscle growth stimulus. So the first set, you get rid of all of your lead in reps, all the sets after, be at one, two, three or every many. Myoreps, that's you want to do all the ones after are real close to failure. And that means they're usually going to be sets of five to 10 often closer to five. And even a little less than five. But that's okay. We usually say, don't train with less than five reps. That's if they're five heavy reps. And if you just do one set at a time and rest, these, you know, you do sets of three. And if they're all the three reps are the ones very close to failure. And it's with a load that is really like your 20 rep max, it's super stimulative. So the way that you would do myoreps is you would, of course, add an actual exercise note and just say myorep, two, well, start with one break, one break. So that means that you do as many reps as you can, rest. It's been the note. And after that, you do another little mini set and then you're done, then you rest in normal lot of time. And potentially you can do another myorep set if you want. That's your, your game. You can do as many of those as you want. Remember, they cash up quick. So my recommendation is this the first time you ever try myoreps, just do one break. And just do two total sets. That means you do like 17 reps, rest three to five seconds, do another five. What you'll have is let's say it's what way do we do in here. 20 reps, you're not that strong on the cable over had tri-suppe extension. And you did 17 reps and then five. So that's 22 total reps. So we just go in and we hit 22 here, but you know it's a myorep one break. So you know that you got 22 reps with one break. So next week, whatever the rep, there weights going to increase the reps. My increase a little bit, you know you still get one rep break to hit this number. So you can have that in mind. And if you want to do another set, just add a set, same applies myorep one break. And let's say there, you got a total number of reps over two sets that was like, oh, you got just like 18 reps. And then that's it. Then you know those are myoreps related, which is why it's six or seven modalities are myorep match sets. Myorep match sets is when you do the first set as a straight set. So let's make sure we label this in our note. I'm just pretending we're going to do this now. Myorep match. And that's all you have to say for myorep match, which is why it's a really cool training and modality in my opinion. I sort of invented it. I guess. But I get federally from Norway, definitely was the one that coined the Myoreps term. And generally, there's all falls under rest pause. It's all rest pause training technically, but this specific ways to do rest pause. So if I say, I use 20 pounds and I get 16 reps on a first straight set. And then I rest a normal amount of time with the fuck of the Myoreps, a whole down set. The Myoreps start after the straight set. The first set and the Myorep match scheme is the straight set. The second set is going to be auto targeted. You're going to put in ahead of time when you're using your app. 16 reps. I hold on a second. How could you guarantee you're going to do 16 reps? You like get tired and only do 14 and then you're like, fuck, I had to change it to 14. No, because if you get tired and stop at 14, you rest for three to five seconds. And then you hit another whatever number of reps takes you to that first reps number. So with 16 and then 16 again, which could be 14 and two or you got lucky and get 16 again. However, many Myorep match sets you do is going to be done with the same weight to the same number of reps every single time. And here's the kicker as you get more tired as you go. The number of Myorep breaks it takes per set to get to that first total number increases. So maybe we'll get to 16. Well, I'm definitely getting 16 and one set in the first set. In the second set, it's going to take me too many sets to get there. 14 and two. In the third set, it might take me three. I might get to 10 and then I get four and then I get two. That is a whole crap load of approaches to failure in just three sets. It's like six approaches to failure in three sets. That's very, very similar. Careful with these Myorep match sets because they can nuke you. If you do my right match, I'm like stiff like a deadlift or something. You may never walk again because it's way too much stimulus too much volume because it's 16, 16, 16 or whatever thing you got the first set. And it's a crap load of approaches to failure. So the relative effort on averages insanely high. Myorep match is an excellent excellent tool for muscles that just seemed to be able to handle a beating and need a ton of volume. For me, those muscles are side delts. Rear delts if I'm ever even training them, they're most of me. Rear delt training comes from back work. Forms, form curls, biceps. Sometimes people's calves can take a huge beating. This way you are taking normal sets quote unquote to get there. But each one has so much a failure approach in it. You get hooked insanely high amount of stimulus. And again, when you start doing these. Start with two unless you really know yourself well and you've done these before. Then when you're doing the hypertrophy app, you can start with however many you know already works. All right, lastly, supersets. There are a few different types of super sets. The hypertrophy app here can do all of them. But there's generally one that's a very, very good for hypertrophy and one that's good for what would have called adult fitness or saving time in the gym. You can do supersets that are adult fitness and those are pretty simple. You generally pick muscles that are agonist antagonist. So we'll just build one now for shifts and giggles. Let me see here. I'm just going to go and scroll up top and add an exercise. And it says, hey, you're adding a lot of exercise recommended max is eight. The apple tell you fun stuff like that. So you don't do too much and just do a bunch of junk for you. But hey, I'm just testing it out at stay calm. So go buy steps. And then I'm going to do cable curls and I will repeat until the end. And I'm going to add that exercise. So that's dope. I'm going to scroll down. So now I have cable over a tricep extensions and cable curls. And I'm doing three sets of each for the superset. The reason I'm doing cable curls is because I want to save time. I'm going to do over a tricep extensions. I'm going to rest basically. Mattered all I'm going to switch to cable curls. And I'm going to hit as many cable corrupts as I can. Then I'm going to rest a normal amount of time, even maybe like 30 seconds to a minute or so, a little less than normal. Because while I'm cable curling, my triceps are actually resting. And so as long as these exercises aren't too fatiguing to the system, if they are, you get a great cardio workout. What you end up getting is you get your whole arm trained by sets and triceps in a very short time. So you do tricep extensions, no rest cable curls, rest 30 seconds, back to tricep extensions set two. Cable curls set two. How do you know that these are supersets? Well, you just use the notes function. The ever ubiquitous notes function. And you say superset with cable curls, update. Okay, so we have that labeled. And then super set, oops, I can't type. Tipping is hard. Super set after try extensions, update. And then now I know when I look next week into this, I go cable tricep over her. Oh, it's super set cable curls right here. And this supersets are tries to make extensions perfect. So as I go through, let's say I get, again, weird example 20 reps. Sorry, wait, 20 pounds for 16 reps. I hit okay here. And then as soon as I go and do 10 pounds, this is embarrassing for six reps. Oh, I was a nasty superset. Then I clicked this green check mark. And then the other stuff could come up. No, no questions for now. And then I know that I've done both of these. This is what I would do in my 30 seconds rest. Then I come back, do another set, check it in, check it in, check it in. And it just doesn't like that. So every single method or modality of training, you can do with the tiniest amount of labeling with the app. Now as we develop the hypertrophy app, which will develop for its entire lifetime, I think, we're probably going to make shortcuts to make this stuff easier. But as you can tell, it's already pretty, god damn easy. And not only this, but because we have the notes function, you can add and delete and exercise as you want. You can add as many sets of different ways as you want and subtract them. You really have carte blush, dual kinds of stuff that I might not even thought of. And we really did design the hypertrophy app to be what we call a universal program builder. For hypertrophy programs, it can build anything you want. It can build as many days as you want to the plan, any modalities that you want, anything at all, and it'll function every single time exactly to spec. Just makes your training life way easier. So folks, get down there, right in the top link in the description, sign up for the training app. It will be here very soon. People already testing it out. The beta release is already occurred. Hopefully this video is recorded a little bit beforehand, but hopefully it's already happened. People hopefully love the app. Hopefully they're addicted to it. Hopefully they've left their families to spend more time with the app. It's not crazy people. Get your priority straight and get two apps. Get two accounts so that I can give more money with land brigadies. You guys know the rest. Next time, next week, next Tuesday, we will come back and have another chat about how to optimize your technique in your hypertrophy plan to make sure your joints are safe over the long-term to promote joint health, changing exercises, and we'll demo the app again. Folks, see that?