Drive a part. Come on, he's hard. You got more people. Extra means more gross. Ah! Come on. Let's go, Pete. Drive hard. I'm leaving. Hey folks, Dr. Mike. Here for Renaissance Periodization. I'm sitting down because I've just trained legs. I was on my way out. And Pete over here shows up. And he gets literally in my face. And he's like, you're not leaving the gym until you give me a chest and triset workout with a ton of tips and tricks or like legit. We're going to have to be. And he's a big guy. I mean, I can stand up. So we're going to be. And I was like, Oh, you're going to talk to that shit. You want to chest workout? My man, Dylan's going to come through. And he knows all the tips and tricks. Also, he's the size of approximately two and a half other lifters. I work in a mess. He'd up so much. He's never going to back for that shit ever again. You guys ready? Ready? 1, 2, 3. Team. Our first exercise is the Hamburg Bar bench press. The bad news is you might not have one of these around. The good news is the bar costs like 250 bucks. So you can easily harass your gym owner and your getting one for this lift. We can get the combination of the stability and control of a barbell with the depth and stretch of an actual dumbbell or push up or whatever machine variant that you'd go below your chest. This is the killer. It is probably in my view. One of the most stimulating chest exercises of them all, not for everyone. But for most, he here is going to be doing three or four sets of 10 to 20 reps. You could go heavier five to 10 is great. He's coming off of a little bit of a twinge in his chest about five six weeks ago. This is a list that exposes every fucking week in the senior chest. We don't want to play around and go heavy. He's going to do high reps. You're also going to notice that he is going to pause at the bottom and the old He living shit at that stretch for one second each time. You don't have to do this, but it can be an additive stimulus. Let's get to training. All right. Close to failure. Okay. Okay. Anything else where is zero? Okay. He's a big guy. He can get it off. Okay. Dylan's like, let's go. Okay. Sorry. Just do your best. Okay. Okay. It's an inclusive environment. Well, he's centric. Pause. Good. Month. Monthy. He's broken, broken, broken, broken. Pause. Good. Monthy. You got this. Big chest. That's what he's seeing like a month. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Good. I got you. I got you. I got you one more. Under control. Under control. Pause. Start. Come on. Push. Push. Push. Ah. Ah. Ah. I'm going to have failure. Whew. That's hard. Good. Man, says with blood in his face and eyes. I'm going to wear my wrist wrapped on the next one. Sure. That was the only thing I always had to get to the bar. I noticed the bar was kind of like you. Yeah. Western best bench. For 74. He has benched for 74. And though he had some injuries right now. And I've known him for a little bit. His pecs are kind of the biggest they've ever been. Yeah. So the muscle mass is there to be 474 strong. 474 times. No joke. You bet 474? Absolutely not. I sure shit. You're going to see how fucking humbling the camera bar bench is, especially that deep camera, especially that one second pause. Drain the life out of your pectoral muscles. And exactly the way that we want them to be drained. If you go on your Google and you type in drained, but you don't type in pecs. You type in other things. Things down here drained. It's a fun search. Do what under parents computer and leave the tabs open. Let's get to training. 10. 8. 8. 8. Yes. A little bit longer pause. 4. 8. 8. 8. 4. 8. 8. 8. 8. That's too pause. The next level feels worse. That's what we want. We want to see. Good. What's the difference? We know what it's actually on the bottom. Is it out of the bottom? Yes. One more. One more. Last one. Big stretch. Up. Go. Go. Go. Oh shit. One more. I'm gonna be. Reach. Reach. Up. My hard. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Go. Lock it. Lock it. So. Little wiggle never hurt anybody. Good stuff, man. Good stuff. One more set and we'll be good here. Yeah, you're the hump. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, the taking the extra time to like let it sink. As you think you're in the bottom. Yes. Yeah, you're getting like really close. You're. I'm sure if you did this enough time. You're like, you'll be, you'll be touching your best. It's a great mobility exercise and creeping your. Automatic. Automatic. So what these guys are saying is at the bottom of the lift. There's a tendency to try to just stay there. Hold it. What you want to do from muscle growth is consider doing this. When you get to the bottom of the lift, be it machines, be it dumbbells, be it. That's what pushups be at can bird bar and at the bottom for one second instead of holding at the bottom. Let your shit sink deeper that painful extra stretch is the bottom is deep definition of stretch under load. And if your body has any chest shape holes, it's going to fuck you in them. Yeah, yeah, that's it's a good idea. I'll see myself. Also from a range of motion, increasing range of motion per specific, the right like if you're limited on range of motion, like say, I mean, in this in the bench for example, in his first couple sets, you know, without the sinking he wasn't coming as deep. He came down, pause, sunk a little lower and now his. Not active range of motion. He's able to come down and put himself in an even more stretched position with the same load. And that probably just means more muscle growth. If you think about it, your muscles are stretching at the very most intense load that they're going to experience. There's just not a much theoretical growth mechanism that's left over after that. Good, good. Let's be slow. That's for the bar. Good. That's for the bar. I think. Good. Good. Fuck. Monty. Peter control. Let's go to the one more. Holy centered. Let's slow chestward the bar. Come on. Good. Push, push, push, push, push, arm. Nice. Nice. Nice. That's for a command. That was fucking work. Dips. Yeah. All right. Yeah. All right. Folks, exercise number two for Pete is going to be targeting the lower part of the chest. We did the camber by branch and target kind of the whole thing. All right. See where this is going. And we are going to do dips. Now, Pete, how much you weigh? Two, five, zero. So you're not going to need any extra weight on this, especially if it is done properly. So with dips, what we want to do, if we're targeting the chest is a couple of things. One is we want to grab a little bit further here. If you grab close, it's more triceps. If you grab further out, it's more chest. Now, be careful not to grab too far out, so that your shoulders are feeling funky. Still, could be a little closer better for the shoulders. When you grab at the bottom, what you want to do is have your chest point out. Not even on it like this, but have your chest out and up super proud and get your elbows to point as high as the sky as possible. You're essentially opening your chest at the bottom and always, always, always in this exercise for you pausing at the very bottom for about one split second. When you come up, all you have to do is get close to lock out or right to it and come back down. Do you have to lock out or rest you can, but even if you come up, come up to about here and start to come back down, you're going to come back down slow, exposing your chest the entire time. That is going to be a really, really rough thing. We'll talk a little bit about what to do with your legs. Want to try this here? Do five dips with your feet still on those things. Oh, oh, on here. Yes, correct. Oh, literally like bend your knees and your hips and just try to do a little bit of that. Yes, heavy eccentric load and then push a lot off with your legs. You can start just doing them, but I recommend warming up at least a few ways. One, if you can do like 30 dips by yourself and you're pretty warm already, just do a set of five free dips, then put weight on or do your set of 30 or whatever after a two or three minute test. Another thing you consider is doing a peat's doing, which is putting your feet on the plates, using your feet to help a little bit on the eccentric and then a lot on the concentrate to get the dips nice and warmed up elbow shoulders, everything. Get that pattern specifically warmed up with the nervous system so that you're doing it really well for yourself. Minimize the chance of injury, maximize the chance of good muscles to your nation. Nothing is if you have an assist to dip machine at your gym and it's the thing that will you push the plate away, it turns into a free dip or you have an assist to dip and a separate free dip, I would encourage you to do that. A assisted dip warm up is a great idea, but what you guys not to do is just to just get in and start doing dips. Some reason people love to do that, free weight exercises, body weight exercises, they won't warm up, they'll go do pull ups, they won't warm up, they will go do push ups, they won't warm up, they'll go do dips, warming up is critical, it's peat waste 250 pounds, would you ever unwrap 250 on the bench and just start going, fuck no, you would warm up, just the same way you warm up the dips, so that's what we're doing. The chest big chest, open, come on, so peat, don't feel like a troll, big chest, big chest, keep it open, drive, good, come on, big chest, big chest, keep it open, good, come on, good, come on, that's it, that's good, big chest, big chest, keep it open, good, good, good stop, he said just about the moment, a good cue to think about when you're doing dips for the chest is instead of going down, try to pretend, try to pretend that there's a button that some of the tons of hot degenerate women with no moral values and I'll just come and slab her all over you and you can only activate the button if you press it with your chest, but it happens to be down in front of you, so what you're doing is dipping and trying with your chest to touch that button down in front, careful your shoulders might not 100% love that, so only go as far as your shoulders can allow, but if you really push your chest forward and really try to touch that button, you're going to get two things, one, a humongous chest stimulus and two tons of absolutely a moral snake-eyed bitches to come grab up on you, which is exactly what you want anyway, don't care how many feet, it just has to be good, big chest, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, come on, the fraction, that's good, back, back, back, shit stuff, good stuff, feeling it, yeah, the stretch more than anything good, that's what we're hearing from, I love a try so sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, it's all going to get fucked up, yeah, like the stimulus going to the text, but back here I'm feeling it like pulling all that shirt, yeah, that extra extra, yeah, stand right here, I'll try to kiss you, god, I'm going to throw off, I'm going to be a great thumbnail, go dad, I'm trying to make out what you're supposed to spaghetti like the little of a shantess, not beef, it's workout, big chest, slow control, one more, I can see those packs working, big chest, big chest, open up, yes, like that, try hard, come on, big chest, big chest, that's it, beautiful, good, stuff, wow, what's past out, I was weird, damn, yeah, yeah, you know you're working, or your blood pressure is really high, you're going to die soon, yeah, 50, 50, all right, awesome stuff, dumbbell press, wow, okay, yeah, yeah, let's go, yeah, I'm going to try, try facta, so first cool thing is at the dragon layer, in Las Vegas, Nevada, we're right now, they have this amazing bench that already inclines for you, who makes it looks like arsenal, arsenal, arsenal, good what, arsenal bench helps you archer back for you and expose your chest, if you're very, very strong, the following advice will not work for you, he is really strong, but this is their exercise, so I feel like this will work, what you want to ideally do is touch the outside, the inside of these dumbbells, sorry, to the outside of your packs and even your shoulders, so the way I don't want you to try to do this, it's totally fine way, but everyone does it this way, is to do this, oh yeah, this is cool, it's totally cool, but I want you guys to try to do what we're going to get to keep the try to do is to open up and go wide, so that you can go out five of your chest and actually touch your front delts, I would normally be able to do this, but this is enough weight for your boy to be able to be flexible like that, best right babe, I want to, I want to, I want to, I see I just know chest up and wide out one second pause, up and in, where your elbows go is almost entirely up to personal preference, if you like of this kind of shit, that's totally cool, if you like to open your elbows out super wide, that's totally cool, some people like it better when we're in other, whatever feels good for your shoulders, you get your packs that big ass stretch, that's probably the right ass, big chest, big chest, big chest, come on up, throw, throw, throw, come on, good keep going, big chest, and the workout higher right over the third, come on, no rest at the top, as soon as you lock, go down, that chest up, that chest up, that's the shoulder, throw, throw, throw, that's good, we do that was fucking sweet, next time as we finish the last one, do a full eccentric, if you're gonna do another one and then rock, it's gonna suck, but it's gonna be good, these using 50 pounds, it's a 474 pound competition bench presser, but we fucked them up so much with a ton of full-round before, and then set number seven and eight here, it's gonna be really, really just 50 pounds is all he needs, right? We're not saying you're trying to lift light, it's not the whole point of this, lift as heavy as you can for the rep range that you have targeted with the best technique you can, but when you adjust for the rep range and when you adjust for the technique, the as heavy as you can becomes not so overly impressive, but it does become an excellent way to stimulate chest hyperphate while minimizing the effect negatively on the joints, it's wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, good, try hard, try hard, try hard, oh, it's a little slow, come on, one more good rep let's go, take chest, right apart, control, come on stand in the stretch, control two full seconds, rack, good, I like a sword of trying to go up a little after, you're like, like the partials, yeah, it's right, very sexy, we're dating now, oh wow, okay, keep the elbows tucked at your sides, side as you can, yeah, yeah, so like a drag curl, yes, the drag curl equivalent, absolutely, reverse these are reverse drag curls, I came up with that, not you, and rack, okay, yeah, pull back and then correct, and then pushing, some of it helps me a lot on this is, uh, all kind of been forward a little bit and I'll keep the cable in line, and if I keep the cable in line with my, with my torso, it pretty much will guarantee that I'm keeping elbows up and back, okay, yes, there's nothing, there's nothing at all wrong with doing the push downs like this, but if you want a shitload of stretch under load, you let the elbows come back flush to your side, and essentially in a straight line, it will fuck you up at worst, it's an awesome variation to try at very worst, butterfly effect style, it starts to cascade of unpredictable events that ends the world, but that's unlikely, I think. two more, one small, one small big test, yes, yes, keep the talking, push, got the energy, pull it up, keep it up, slow with different, is there another, we're gonna, we're gonna, oh, okay, okay, go ahead and un-wrapped, rest for a second, clock started at 100 and we're going to 80, was gonna rest five to 10 seconds, get a flag wrap, and then he's gonna go again, folks on the queues, flies just a little longer, put back, those elbows in, come on, come on, big chest, big chest, put on a cape, is there another one, bring it in, bring it in, bring it in, bring it in, good, up and back, up and back, up and back, big chest, bring it in, bring it in, up and back, up and back, up and back, that's it, arms look a big aship, do you ever get like an sushi arm, you feel like mad at it, like it hurts and you get like angry, yeah, I promise you, off man, yeah, you're a strong, close-up guy, he's so fast running the way down, produce some fucking power, yes, and then slow, messed up, speed, yes, messed up, yeah, we're that speed, don't big chest, oh yes, no, no, no, yes, go damn you, there's another slow, oh my, I'm slow, I can't stop, slow, slow, slow, wrap, run, let's stay at 60 for the next two sets, I'll explain in camera why you queue him up, he's finishing up, we're no longer dropping, we went from a hundred to eighty to sixty, we're not going to go to fifty, forty, et cetera, why, because the load is now outside of that, it's less than the history around by long shot, he's still longer, heavy enough to stimulate hypertrophy, even if we got metabolites cranking in there, we'd prefer to do sets of few reps, maybe even sets of five reps, but each set of five reps is heavy enough to be stimulated, so he's just going to do sixty and then sixty again, so it's going to be a hundred he did, eighty he did, sixty he did, now it's two sets of sixty to finish off, hey, he's going to be cooked and then pull a shot, hit it, we close, we can close it, there you go, red hard, as if another, keep it close, keep it close, keep it close, keep it close, keep it closer, there you go, big chest, that's it, don't be fucking hot, there's another, last set, coming up, big chest, there you go, keep it close, keep it close, keep it close, tighter, good, come on, run down hard, big chest, keep it close, one more good rapid, keep it close, keep it closer, come on, run down hard, yes, good, good, as if another, as if another, slow, slow, slow, slow, good, good stuff, all right, on the knees, let's see how many you can do, normal grip, that a little close grip, okay, come on, keep, come on, keep, drive, one more good rapid, let's go, come on, here we go, drive hard, another one, let's go, slow and control, chest up, chest up, drive up hard, one more, keep going, keep going, we're here for everything, keep drive up hard, run more, keep going, we're here to take a walk, drive up hard, come on, keep, hard, go, more, keep, not strut means more growth, come on, let's go, keep, drive hard, that's it, oh he's still in it, by now, hold it, do you feel like you don't currently own your arms, they're just there, it's gone, oh wow, that looks pumped, good stuff, that's really good, all right folks, Dylan, what'd you think? Rachel, honestly, amazing, yeah, he knows how to work, see what do you think? Sorry, Dylan, what was he saying? They really receptive to cues, able to implement things as we, as we said them. Yeah, that's the most site specific, like the most site specific, the pump I've ever gotten for excellence, for excellence, yeah, excellent, and that leads me to my point, the last point is quantity is awesome, quantity is how you periodize, quantity is how you progress, but the baseline before quantity is quality, what you first want to do is establish great technique from that great technique, iteratively, improved over time, your established great mind muscle connection, that mind muscle connection with that technique, allows you to have an incredible stimulus for every single rep, and then you sequence the reps and sequence the sets and sequence the weeks and the months of the years, finally you get gigantic, and then all of a sudden that girl had never taught to you in high school, you're like, yo baby, what up? She's like, oh my god, like it packs like so, yeah, her mouth remains open, for things you can fill in the blanks for a guy's thing, it's so much, follow these two guys on social media, you'll learn a shit load, they're gonna be social media, right in the description, and actually in the video itself, and like subscribe, and comment, buy, and dented, and email Amber, and you need these buy stuff to see you next time.