We are here in Atlantis, Yemen, Austria, in Lafalle and Quebec, in Ducananda. And we are going to be working out on some interesting machines. This isn't Ramaz Gym, it's a gym where a lot of new Atlantis stuff is tested. They'll throw a new prototype machine in here and they'll see how it goes. So we're going to use some of those. We'll also have some machines in here that never went into formal production because reasons. They're on a safe or anything like that. I'm thinking. And we're going to try some of those. And we know we're also going to try some machines. They're the truth for the soul. It's it. You're going to know Russians don't have souls. Why? How did I say it in Russian? I don't know. All right. This is slightly angled forward, which puts the biceps in a really good position for that stretch, which is why we like this a crappler. A lot of these machines that are in Atlantis, the pads way that they able pads way back there to create leverage, which is just using a bunch of load for no reason. So this is really, really cool because it's a huge stretch at the bottom and a lot of tension the entire time. This machine basically allows you to do a glue ham raise, a various source or a notic, but a system. And so it's kind of like a Nordic curl glue ham raise combo. It's quite decent. It's really smooth. And what I would recommend you do is really slowly control the eccentric and on the way back up, really try to develop a mind muscle connection, really hamstrings by pulling everything in. And it's quite nice. Really anything that has any sort of vertical component for me, if you don't have a knee pad to support yourself from the resistance of it pulling you back up this way. I don't like it that much. Generally when it gets really hard, you kind of start to come off the pad a little bit. I'm not too much of a fit. This is a really nice resistance profile. It's just that there was a knee pad support or something like that. They'd be way better. Yeah, this is a good machine to do variation. It's a different pulling angle in, mostly ill encounter or high rows, kind of unusual in this regard, especially with cables. I would like to do this at the end of a workout for very high reps. And that way you don't need the counter support and then you're still making some games. This machine is awesome. Couple reasons. One, this lifts up and is above parallel already. So the lever arm gets positioned worse with respect to gravity as it goes up, which means that it's hardest at the bottom here, easiest at the top. Just exactly how you want to do a hyperature between it, because the stretch is that bottom stretch is like crazy. It's a decline press, which is really interesting. And it's very unique. You won't see this almost anywhere else. It's got an unloader plate, which means you can push off with your feet so you can get into the position of the super deep stretch. And if I'm doing decline work, this is tip of a spear. A lot of people like Bulgarians. This is a pretty damn cool machine. You can adjust where this goes. You can grab out further. I probably would use these if I were to do it. So this machine's pretty dope. I like it. You just straight legs with it too. You got the probably stand on something, but definitely a really cool machine. And doubles as a shrug machine. You can do shrugs forward this way. But my recommendation is to turn around and do them the other way. Because then you can get the traps pulling back as well. They don't really do a whole lot forward. So get up here, leverage, big stretch. This is a prototype. So maybe you'll see it at a gym near you very soon. This is kind of interesting. It's like a glue kick back machine. But it's plate loaded, which is very unusual. If you get a good grip in here and put one of your feet on the ground and start like what I did, I asked me how many more sets I had. I'm gonna set you up. You got 10 more sets. It's quite nice. It's quite nice. And everything with Atlantis is so smooth. I don't know how they do it. How do they do it? You're seeing this? It's all kinds of animals. Come with its converging too. It comes in. I like this one year because it's going to freeze your back. You know, people here and go. I like to put a lot of grips to know what a feeling. Here, you have the regular movement like this. Yes. You have like this. You have like that here. Yes, too. Wow. Yeah. On both sides, you know. You can do both sides. On the other side too. That's cool. So you have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Exercise at least. On one machine. That's cool. We're gonna use that for sure. These are high rows. Pretty well leveraged, I say. Because if you can see the point at which the leverage will be most difficult for you, it's really close to that upper stretch just a little bit below it. And then at the very top, the lever arm is so tilted that gravity barely affects it and then it's easy at the crunch. Which matches both the force curve of the back and the ideal force curve or near ideal force curve for hypertrophy which is more of an intense stretch and less intense situation of the contraction. Yes, really easy down here. More of a stretch up here. Oh, this is very well built. Guys, if you're ever in Canada, just go to Montreal. If you're ever in Montreal, just go to the suburb of La Vova. If you're ever in La Vova, get your ass to the Atlantis Gym here in Montreal. If you're ever in the Atlantis Gym in La Vova in Montreal, in Quebec, in Canada, in North America, in the Western Hemisphere on planet Earth in the solar system, then you might as well get on one of these really interesting unique machines and get at it because you won't have an opportunity to use them anywhere and you might get a good stimulus to fatigue ratio and you might just love it. How are you feeling about this? It's great. I really love the gym. A lot of gyms in the United States are getting a ton of this equipment ship there. The club has a bunch of stuff. Elvination, because I live in Vegas, these are gyms in Vegas that we've trained at. You guys have seen on the channel. But in the getting more. So, it's really cool because you walked around the gym and he kind of takes the input and advice from all of his members and he just kind of engineers new stuff. Yeah. It's awesome. It's awesome. Nice. I'm a more realistic note if you're not in the Atlantis Gym itself. Anytime you see a piece of Atlantis equipment, try it. It's right off. Smooth the ship. It's amazing. All right. See you next time. We are here at the Legim Atlantica. No, no. It's probably in salt. We can. Whatever. Hey, what up? Whoa. Hey, fuck it. Billy guy goes to Montreal.