Hey folks, Dr. Mike, your Renaissance Pyrrization. I have three squat tips for you to potentially instantly improve your squat by a mile. How do I learn about these three tips? Well, Jared Feather, I, Phoebe Pro, and myself, were at the Arnold this past year. The Arnold Schwarzenegger Classic, Expo, and Bodybuilding Show. And we had a booth set up for Renaissance Pyrrization where we would have a barbell and a rack and we would critique your technique and a ton of people took us up on this and they were all super awesome. While coaching folks, we were prepared to use 80 trillion cues and corrections that we know from being in this three years and have always degrees and stuff. But we ended up only using like 10 and then maybe 80 or 90 percent of the time, we actually only used three. These cues are so effective and the mistakes that lead to them needing to be used are so common and so easily rectified by these cues. I had to make a video to share this with you guys so that you can try this both in your own training. If you have problems with squat technique and also in training your own clients because I know what ton of you guys train clients and help other people maybe even just your parents or your siblings and try to get them to lift weights and a lot of times your squat may look great. But then you work with someone else and you look at their technique and you're like, I don't even know where to begin with you. You're doing everything wrong. Do I have to really manually from scratch? Mind meld with you and show you how to squat? Quite because these three tips could hack it. So here we go. Shut up. Let's get the three tips going. First, almost everyone who starts squatting has not positioned their toes out enough. That means any stance they take. Generally widening the stance by a little seems to work, but that's not even the important thing. You take their toes and you rotate them out much closer to the 45 degree line than you would. The 90 degree line or zero degree line. 45 degrees is where you want on average and for a lot of people that will feel a little strange because that's not typically how you're running or how you jump, but it sure a shit is how you squat. In addition to point two, because we have a rule in squatting, your knees generally track with your toes. If you have someone point their toes out, that's rule one. Rule one sub two, still rule one, is make sure that their knees come out and generally speaking, that means as they descend lower and lower, their knees come out. Further and further, they're pushing the knees to outside of their body. That aligns the ankles to the knees to the hips and all of a sudden it can allow you to get way greater depth without having to come up on your toes or sink back and round your back. And all of a sudden, you're like, whoa, it's much easier to squat and I can get through the squatting motion way better. So that's tip number one and it's a huge deal. Squatting without it is kind of a non-starter. Tip number two. Especially when coaching someone, not just doing the lift once you've learned it, but in teaching the lift to do it properly, having someone descend slowly and consider a pause at the bottom of the movement is a huge teaching tool. The reason is this. Keeping your knees pushed out is something you have to focus on when you're squatting and trying to change your technique for the better. If you drop down fast, a lot of times you just rebound right off your tendons and come back up and fucking who knows what your knees did. But if you go down slow as you descend, you both get a better feel for where your body isn't space and can correct it on the fly and it gives you time to implement the knees out, so as you're descending, you're thinking, he's out and he's out and he's out and he's out and he's out and because you're descending slowly, you could actually implement the cue instead of being like, you go down and come up. Oh fuck, I forgot to push my knees out. Like I said, just a second ago, as you descend, you can focus on having your weight spread over me, spread evenly on your toes and heels. If you go down really quick, we saw a lot of this happen at the Arnold people drop in and drop out and we're like, I can't even give you any technique, because you're in and out too fast. And they would usually cut the range of motion by a ton because as soon as they feel that springiness, they come back up. If you go down slow and you pause it wherever you think the bottom is, you're in a really good position. Then wherever's coach you can say, okay, that looks good. Come back up, you come back on. They say, okay, down slow knees out, knees out, knees out, knees out and as you get lower and you think you're going to stop, they go, hey, go go deeper, deeper, deeper, you're at the very, what you think is bottom, they're like, okay, pause, hold it as you hold that pause. Your body is awareness mechanisms, proprioception where your body is in space, recalibrate, recalibrate, recalibrate. Your body is a rapidly learning neural network system. Your brain is anyway in your spinal cord and peripheral nerves. So as you are in that position, because you didn't get into an out of it really quick, you can replicate it better. Every second, every micro-secret you spend in the descent and every second you spend at the bottom position, which is the most challenging, is neural learning happening. Your brain is learning, oh, this is where my bot needs to be. This is where my knees need to be. This is where my hips are, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So if you practice slow, which by the way, in every single technique, they teach you in every other sport, you practice to slow. You're learning a tennis forehand. First, you go slow. Backhand, slow, eventually faster, faster, faster, but if you're practicing good squatting technique and you're just dropping in, slow the fuck down, sit at the bottom. And every time you get lower and lower in the bottom, you sit there for a second or two. It begins as a very uncomfortable alien feeling. After five or six reps, you're like, hey, I'm fine. Then a groove down here. I don't love it down here. Nobody does, but she feels really like it's a place I know. Lastly, tip number three comes in especially at this juncture. Your knees and toes are already in alignment. You're already squatting back and down nice and slowly. At this point, there is a tendency to either come forward on your toes, or if you sit back on your heels to round your back and cave over in your chest, you're not trying to sit down in the squat. I can't tell you, fucking, politically and correct time. It's not so politically and correct. Fuck, I don't wanna say it anyway. Anytime, people send me memes or gifts of babies that are squatting. And they're like, hey, look at how natural of a squatter of this baby is. They're fucking wrong because the baby never has a fucking elevated chest. And they're lower back as in tight. Your baby's rounding. It's fucking back. The shit squat. Oh great, he's got his heels on his toes on the ground. You could do that too if you fucking round your back enough. No, look, I don't think babies should be brought up to a standard of high level squatting. They're just babies. It's adorable when you do anything. You are not a fucking baby. I assume. If you're a baby watch on this channel, hello. And when your pretty natural intelligence is welcomed here, don't kill us all when you ascend to the next level. In any case, if you're not a baby, you can do one better. As you are opening up your knees, toes pointed out, descending slowly, you're gonna get to a point in your squat where it's harder to descend. Everything starts to bind up and your chest is naturally gonna cave in. This is where you use the cue of chest up. If you are attending to do a low bar squat, if you have a, if you are prone to extreme Lordosis, very arched sway back at the bottom. And if you want to produce as much force as possible for a one repetition maximum, do not put your chest up. Do the ribs down, shit, like Chris stuff and says. If you want to do the proper hypertrophy, bodybuilding squat, or even a weightlifting squat, it's the same squat almost. Your chest stays up. So as you point your toes out, knees come out. You go down slow, keep your chest up the entire tightness, especially at the bottom, look forward and or up. And then at some point when you stop, you're gonna be a real close to hitting full depth. Little practice worms like that, slow slow slow, put a little weight on the bar slow slow slow. Maximum depth, knees out, big chest. You're gonna be hitting what is almost the perfect squat. It took Jared and I, an average of two minutes per person to take their squat from, well, a lot of people had great squats and we were just gonna get the fuck out of here. You don't need us for anything, shake your hand, pick your, get out. But a lot of folks, just a few people I guess, had squats that started out like, um, dumpster fire, giant disaster. And no offense when I started squatting as the worst in the world, in just with these three cues over like two minutes, we were able to take most people and have them just really squat very competently. So if you're coaching other people or even if you're coaching yourself, get the toes out, get the knees out, descend slowly, take a pause at the bottom of each position that you think is the lowest. And when the bottom is close, keep your chest up. And I think your squats are gonna improve and if I'm wrong, she, she, wouldn't be the first thousandth time. How was gonna go on a date with that one girl back in eighth grade? Was I correct? No. Share all if you ever wanna call me back. I married bitch. You missed out on this. You boys out here. Mary Dup. You can't handle a shit. I still think about you now and again. It's weird. Just kidding weird. This is getting weird. I'll see you guys next time.