Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pairization, and today's BS topic is the idea that weight training is bad for weight loss. You will hear this a relatively often by the female sex. And I quote that sounds something like this. When I like lift weights, I get like a pretty big. How's that for vocal fry? Boom. And here's the thing, there's not a situation where that's not totally raw. It's got a little tiny bit of truth to it, which is much how this BS really starts. When many people start training with weights, their muscles take unmuscle damage and begin the growth and repair process. And that leads to a situation called tonus of the muscles, which is when a bunch of different stuff would mostly water enters the muscle itself. And that intramuscular water expands the muscle and can even jack up your body weight in just a few days of weight training about five pounds more than it normally is. But that makes you look more jacked and shapely and it's no way adding any body fat at all. But it's a very good way to make it look more muscular right away by a very, very small margin. Anyway, you gain beyond that initial five pounds of intramuscular bloat is just because you're in a caloric surplus, which happens to some people automatically when they start resistance training or training with weights because some people in the start training with weights to get extra hungry. They eat more food, they gain weight, much of that weight is muscle, but if they really go to tonus eating food, they can gain even some fat. Then weight training absolutely prevents them from losing weight and can cause weight gain and it's no good. But just about as many other people have no hunger response whatsoever to weight training and that just doesn't happen for them and they don't gain any weight. Now here's the thing, if you're trying to lose weight, it's a good idea to track your calories anyway or track food amounts or whatever. Maybe you use the RP diet coach app from RP or something like that, maybe many other rate apps and then if you have a control of your diet, which you really should if you're trying to lose weight, that part where the weight training makes you hungry unless you overeat them happen because even if the weight training makes you a little bit more hungry, you simply stick to your diet eating mostly healthy foods. The hunger goes away at some point and it's not a big deal. Your muscles continue to grow. Your fat store shrink even more and you turn out to both be able to lose tons of weight while weight training and also get that sleek, sexy, awesome, Wonder Woman type of shape going instead of just looking like a deflated, skinnier bag version of yourself. So that's probably the look you're going for, not the deflated bag one, the Wonder Woman style even if you don't know. So weight training is totally cool to do. Expect a little bit of a five pound bump when you start. When you start your fat loss diet, control those calories lower them over time, get the body weight you want, weight training will just make the body you have more muscular and way less fat you will look a trillion times better. People will come up to you in the street and try to get to know who you are because you look like a goddess ladies and like guys, well you should sure should hope weight training makes you more jack because that's what you want with your body in most cases. So here's the thing Amanda. That's the weight training that's making you heavier. It's the food. So instead of putting down the dumbbells, put down the fork. JK Amanda, if your name's Amanda, tell a respect. Folks, give that some thought, like, subscribe, comment. If you want more nerdy stuff, see us in our members channel for just a little bit of extra fee Lamborghinis that I collect personally or not free unfortunately. If they were, I would never have members site. And also there's the team full rom form where you get expert advice tons of free programming and by free I mean included in the price of the service and I answer all questions personally and as well you get your videos reviewed and your technique improved. See you here, see you there, see you everywhere, in any case. See you later.