Hey folks, Dr. Mike here from NSUPSP, I'm here with five rules of failure training. Not training to be a failure, which if I had to write a book on or make a video about, what do I know a lot about that? Thanks for nothing, dad. But training to muscular failure in the gym and here are the rules. There are five of them. Certainly there are way more, somewhere. But if you're curious about more in-depth intellectual content, our member section has really nerdy videos in it. And our team full-rom subscription, which is like 30 bucks a month, has you can ask me any question you want, and I answer a via video service, sort of guaranteed. And there's tons of other members in the form, and they're all super smart, most of them are smarter than me. It's kind of unfortunate, and I call the smart ones. If you want that stuff, give the links in the description to go and sign up. But here we go. Anyway, the video, as long as the ads here will ever get. Maybe a little longer. Well one, is that failure training is generally not for beginners. But I want to go to failure. Mom, hold on, son, let me explain. Beginners tend to break down another technique as the equals to failure. That exposes them to a high-lir likelihood of injury. Not a big concern, because they're too weak to really hurt themselves. It does teach them the technique wrong, and then you have to unlearn the bad technique later. Evidence, typical Jim Bro, bench press technique. You know what I do? You suck. What the hell are you doing? Third day here, and here's what my bench looks like, and then later it's the third year. And the bench looks the same, because they never learn the technique properly, because they're always just grinding a failure all the time. So don't do that. And the good news is that you're not missing out on any gains, because beginners grow so quickly and get strong so quickly, they don't even need to get remotely close to failure. Three reps away from failure or four ups away is as close to the other thing to get for their optimum results with no technique trade-offs. That's really good. Rule number two is you do not generally do pretty much any failure training in strength training. For hypertrophy from muscle size, yes, occasionally, once a month or so going to failure is probably pretty good and has to use some strength training. Almost nobody goes to failure, because you're literally planning to misleift. And strength training weights are so heavy and a little bit more dangerous. Failing with a lift is a bad news for either you or your spotters or some combination of you drop the barn yourself and your spotters. Three people die. It's terrible. It's on the news. If you want to be in the news for something like that, you've got to be in news for some Florida man shit. Man bites alligator. The greater suits Supreme Court hearing tomorrow. Number three rule number three. As you go closer to failure, your number one goal, number one goal should be preserving your excellent technique. You're doing the curl with the biceps, not the whole body. Rule two, or sorry, priority one makes it in and up. This is rule three. Number one, that's technique as you get close to failure. Part of your number two, goal is hard as you can. Notice, priority one is good technique. Never, ever push harder than your technique allows. And if with the perfect technique, the weights back going up any movement will stick, you hit failure. And if you could, she may get a little bit, could you get another rep? Yes. And other people in the gym may kind of does a rep, but remember, God looks down on all of her reps. And if you do a rep like that, he'll actually look down on it. She like appears out in a word. Oh God. He drops your feet. He's like, yeah, here me, the fuck was that. And you're like, it was a curl. He's like, zap, motherfucker of lightning, bitch. All the way down to hell, motherfucker. And then hell, Satan's like, like, my rep hack squats. He's like, no, in any case, technique is first and then push. Big, big rule. Rule number four is account for the fatigue, training to failure beats you up way more, physically, and mentally. So if you want a program to design and what you go to failure often, because it's fine, it's fine. I agree. Then make sure instead of doing like six sets of squats per workout, like you normally would, if you were a couple of upshired failure, drop it down like four squats, that's a workout. You make sure you don't get way too overreached too much fatigue too soon. And then you can survive to lift another week, another week, and that's how progress occurs. No one week ever makes a break to shit. Four, six weeks at a time, that is where games come from. Lastly, rule number five, make sure you're still counting stuff so that you progress occurs. And if it doesn't, you de-load, take an easy week of rest, come back, and ease back into the training. A lot of people who go all the way to failure all the time, there's no even count reps anymore. I've seen this a whole bunch, which is cool. It's a great, very effective set. But then how do you know next week, if you've gotten weaker or stronger, you go to your dark place, you go to failure. Still don't count reps. Sometimes people wouldn't even care about the load. You'll do drop sets, whether it was put the pin, and I don't know, is that a 50 or 40 there's smudge on there who knows. How do you tell weeks later, months later, as you've gotten bigger and stronger? Because if you have some element of your program that's off your diet is off, your supplementation is off, your sleeping poorly, go to failure all the time. You may not even be able to tell, am I progressing? Because you never count reps. You know how much weight you're lifting, but it could be like you're putting more weight on all the time, but your reps are declining subtly, and you can't even tell. You might have been maintaining for six months and you just didn't even know it. So even if you go to failure, just put your fucking camera up there. I phone press record, count back the reps later, at least count one top set for all of your sessions for the whole week or the whole month, and then you can be like, oh, wow, I actually am gaining more reps over time. And if you're not, take a deal load, wash out, repeat, and if you really aren't gaining anymore, stop training for failure all the time, train like a smarter person. Start at three reps in a reserve or so at the beginning of a mess of cycle. All the way, take one week to do all the failure training, want to write before you do. In any case, folks, like, comment, subscribe. We have a member section, team full ROM, and no matter what anyone tells you, you have a certain beauty to you. That's right you. Nobody could ever take away. Don't you ever forget that. We'll see you next time.