Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. And today's quick tip is how to arrange your intro workout nutrition. Woo, very cool. Let's get into it. So first, if your workouts last less than about an hour, you probably don't need any intro workout nutrition. Outside of just being hydrated when you start to workout and staying hydrated all the way through like if you get thirsty before a leg press, you just go have a drink of water at the fountain. You are totally good to go. It's just a matter of fact that the amount of time processing the nutrients that you're taking in intra is going to be right occurring at the very tail end last several minutes and after your workout. And it's not going to help intra at all. You can't have an intra shake for short workouts, but there's just no scientifically reliable benefit I can describe to you of that occurrence. Especially if after the workout you go and you have a post workout meal within 30 minutes to an hour, you're fucking good. Now, in workouts that last one to two hours, now I won't cover up two hour plus workouts, that's whole other day. Other thing, if you want a video that covers all that stuff, get over to the YouTube channel, a lack of heat endurance, or I'm a fellow RP coworker and super PhD in Sport Physiology, Sport Forum is Alex Dr. Alex Harrison. He runs that him and Michelle Hal. Just Michelle Hal was a PhD yet. Yeah, she has a master's degree for sure. She maybe has a PhD already in any case. Super sharp folks, they'll take care of your advanced nutrition needs, if you're on the endurance side and have two, three, four hour long rides and all that stuff. Definitely go check them out. For one to two hour long workouts, sometimes your own saying like training legs can take fucking an hour and 55 minutes. Absolutely. Here are some recommendations you could choose to use and I'll loop back at the end of what the could part is about. First, you want to sip on the shake that you make or shake plural because it might be enough to lose volume to separate into two containers. During your whole workout, after every exercise had a couple of steps you'd get thirsty takes some steps. And you basically should aim to finish the shake kind of like right to where you finish the workout. If it's a bit much, you can finish like half the shake or two thirds of the shake and then crush the last half or one third as soon as the workout is over. What goes in the shake? Obviously water. I like to make mine with vodka as the base. Don't try that at home. Way protein because it is probably the most quick digesting and anabolic and anti-canabolic protein they've ever made. You'll see the carbohydrates, gatorade, powerade. You could buy them in powders or the actual drinks. Daxedros, the targo, shut the shit like that. Next, if targo, I take that back. I think it's actually a slow digesting carbohydrates or just dextros and gatorades and stuff like that. And a pinch of salt. The salt actually speeds up the rehydration process. It takes all those nutrients, including most importantly water. And it shels them across the intestinal barrier faster, which is really good. Now ratios in that shake will talk about total amounts in a second, but basically for every one gram of protein, you add in roughly two to four grams of additional high glycine and carbohydrate. More carbs for longer workouts and higher volume workouts. So if you have a workout that takes two hours, but it's a lot of resting and just some power lifts, then you can do even a one to one ratio of protein and carbs and maybe one to two. If you have a workout that's two hours of like your fucking moving the whole time, sweating fucking bullets, then one to four, even is a totally fine ratio for protein and carbohydrate. And this is really important. For every 80 grams, I can there's other ways to say this, fuck it, I'll say it another way. For every eight grams of the carbs plus protein that you have, you count those in grams, that you put in the shake, you need to use 100 milliliters of water. So for every 80 grams of protein plus carbs, which is more realistic measurement, you have 1,000 milliliters of water. The reason for this is that a 8% solution seems to be the solution roughly that gets quickest from your digestive tract, into your bloodstream to actually give you those nutrients in an optimally rehydrate you as well. So you give that some thought. You're gonna say when you make this, you're gonna be like, that's a lot of fluid, but remember, you don't go to the drinking fountain anymore. You just have the shake, when these little guys right here, a little milk jug type dish, and the shake is the only thing you go to. That's it, which is kind of sweet because then you get adequately hydrated and adequately re-supplied with nutrients at the same time. Awesome. A mount wise, how much do you put in the shake? Well, generally you take your daily protein and take, and you divide it by about six to eight. That's the amount of protein that goes in that shake, and the carbs are, as you saw, from the other slide, layered on top of that. They have a multiple. So if you know the protein, the multiple tells you the carbs are ready. So for example, if you have a 200 gram daily protein and take, cause you wait 200 pounds or something like that, then a typical shake of yours can have something like 25 grams of weight protein in it, and have 50 to 100 grams of carbohydrates. And will be something like, she was like a leader and a half of fluid. That's a lot, that's fucking serious. It's not the end of the world, they're not gonna like, you know, piss your palms halfway through the workout, but it absolutely will go a long way towards rehydrating it. So point number three, this shake should provide you with all of your nutrition and hydration needs for the entire workout. But, and a couple of pointers. First, it won't make really any difference in performance for the first hour, because you're running on stored fuel already. It'll make a small but meaningful difference in the second hour and the way it does this, is it usually makes you, allows you to finish much stronger than usual. Like you guys know, you do your whole back workout and you get to buy a substance, you're like, ah, I don't wanna be here. If you have an intro shake that whole time and sip on it, you get to buy a substance and you're like, ah, okay, oh, weird, this is going on better than usual. It's not that late in the day, but it's definitely something you can notice. Under the hood, that shake will reduce muscle breakdown, theoretically at least, metabolism, and set you up for an abilism. After the workout, you finish your shake. You go home when you have your post workout meal and you've completely seamlessly sealed off the pre-intra and post workout window to be as anabolic and anti-cantabolic as possible. Voila, you did the thing. Now here's the thing, lastly. Do you not wanna do this and think it's superfluous? Bro, I usually don't do the shit. I've been doing it more recently, not I have to gain mass now, I've got a mass phase. And if I just don't eat during my workout, it's two hours spent not eating and I've eaten so much after and the rest of the time that I wanna throw up. So I'm doing this now just to get it more calories. It absolutely works. It's just a little bit of extra, a just a bit of an extra boost, like a percent or something to your overall games, over your fucking career. If you want the boost and you like having the shake, go for it. If you don't and you think inter-workout nutrition is absolutely sensationalized to be more important than it really is, you're correct. Now, do you like this video? Well, hold on a sec, there's more. Like subscribe to all that stuff. Two other offers for you. We have a members section, we pay like five bucks a month, and you get at least one extra super in-depth educational and or training video per week, real nerd level stuff. If you wanna learn learn for real for real, more more, is there an echo? Then you can subscribe to that. And if you're the extra super high level nerd, it wants to do things like talk to other people in a private forum, ask for feedback on your physique and feedback on what you should be doing next. Be offered a crap load of, I was gonna say, free, included programming and diet advice and get to ask myself, Jared Feather, and a bunch of other highly qualified people questions, they're answered live in the group once a week. Team full-round forum, that's where you wanna be, link in the description, give it some thought, give any questions about the offerings, shoot them below, we'll try to answer the comments. Lastly, maybe not today, but sometime this week, get out of the world, get into the sun, take off all of your clothes and just be. My favorite place to this is the local Walmart parking lot. I'll see you guys next time.