Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. And today we're going to chat about what to prioritize in your training, not what muscle groups, but what more dirty level of theoretical ultra structure. Man, if I had a favorite thing to talk about, this would be in the top 10 for sure. Here's the thing. Some of the stuff in your program that you make for training is going to be super surface level detail stuff that doesn't matter a ton. Other stuff will be much deeper and more fundamental. And it's imperative that you focus on them more important stuff because that's the stuff that keeps on giving. In that even right away, the surface level stuff can be important week to week month to month, but month to month year to year and for your whole career if you get the very basic foundational stuff correct, you're going to be milking the gains out for a long time. If you only have the surface level of concerns addressed and you have fundamental flaws with the basics, you're going to run it around. And the problem's really, really quick. Let's explore what that means. And exactly what we should be focused on most and then what we should be focused on next after that in a little bit less. First, when designing a training program and executing a training program, the number one concern you should have is training quality, which means at least two things in the following order. First, technique. If you know how to do a Bicep curl properly, I can later tell you how many sets and reps to do and you'll get amazing gains. If you don't know how to do a Bicep curl properly, I can tell you sets and reps, but my estimate of how many you need might be off because you're doing the thing wrong. And also it could be that you don't get very good results or the results that you could have got. For example, if I know you have a solid V8 engine in your car and it was built well, I can kind of tell you how to make the rest of your car, so it's a top fuel dragster like Scott the video guy drives. But if you have a situation where your engine was built wrong and malfunctioning and sucks and it's really a four cylinder and it looks like an eight cylinder, I don't know what to tell you about how to build the rest of your car. And even if I tell you all the more or less right stuff, it could be the right stuff for the wrong engine. You tell me it's a V8, but it really performs like a V6. I say, well, you got to have a car that can handle that kind of torque and I give you a heavier weight elements to construct a car from it all of a sudden. The power weight ratio is wrong. You don't need that sturdy of a car because your engine isn't even that fast or that strong run. Technique is the core foundation upon everything else. It is thus the most important. Now, if you have good technique versus bad technique, week to week to week, it doesn't make much difference in growth. You can adjust by doing more reps and more sets with bad technique. You get basically the same growth as you good with a good technique, but with fewer reps and sets, but over time, the fatigue and the muscle growth start to take off and apart from each other and bad technique catches up to you. Technique is everything because it is the first priority. The second priority, still under the emphasis or under the large control of the variable of training quality, which has two of the variables, training quality. Technique, number one within that, number two within that is an ability to have a high relative effort, which means with good technique and only with good technique, you are able to push your muscles very close to failure or to failure given the need to do so. Because if you have a really good technique, but you may land all the sets like I do because you guys know I don't train that hard, you end up not having very good results, even though your technique looks great. You're stopping so short of failure that you're not getting all of the juice squeezed out of your muscles that you could. Technique is first high ability to do relative effort if the ability to train hard in any one given set is second. If you can do those, well, she you're really off to a good start. They are the building blocks of excellent training. If you make the rest of your program and do the rest of your program with technique and the ability to train hard as a base, you're going to do real well for yourself. Next up, number two priority, is what I would call training structure. Here's some examples of what that means. The order of exercises within muscle groups should I do bench presses first or fly first, or example. The order of muscle groups within the session should I do chest first or back first or arms first, etc. The number and placement of the sessions within a given week. Monday if I do chest and triceps, when do I do chest and triceps again? Is it Tuesday, wrong answer? Is it Thursday? Much better. If we have two times a week training, of course. If you get this where to put the things, where to put the exercises properly, where to put the muscle groups properly in a session and within the week, between session, you can have a logical foundation on which to decide how many sets am I doing of everything. But if you figure out how much you're doing first, you may have to screw up your structure to fulfill an amount that doesn't make any sense. For example, you can tell yourself, well, you know, I'm going to do 30 sets of biceps per week. That could end up having a training structure that demands that you train your biceps so frequently that they don't recover or so much per every session, they do recover, but they barely grow because each session does as much damage as it causes growth, the damage recovery, taps all the growth away. Good. You guys are seeing where I'm going at this. First, we have high quality training, tiny building blocks. Every rep we do with good technique, every set we do with a higher relative effort. We take those reps and sets and insert them into logical exercises that are ordered properly within a session. Those exercises are now ordered into muscle groups that are also ordered properly within a session and the sessions are ordered properly within the context of a typical week of training. Notice, so far, I haven't said a damn thing about how many reps to do or how many sets to do. So any advice you hear on the internet of do this many reps or this many sets, pre supposes that the training quality and the training structure was at least thought through to some extent. But it doesn't presuppose that. It's not very well thought out. Lastly, and I do mean lastly, training quantity is a question that we have to answer. How much load, how much weight are we lifting, how many reps are we doing per set with good technique from earlier, with a higher relative effort in a logical weekly structure. We can now answer these questions. How many sets, especially sets per muscle group, per workout and per week. Now that we have a logical structure unto which to lay them out, we can answer these questions really well because the logical structure hymns in some of our answers. Should I do 10 sets of quads today? What are you doing tomorrow? When's your next quad workout? If it's in four days, shit, 10 sets sounds good? If it's in two days, you're not going to be recovered. So I actually cannot answer the question of quantity before you answer to me the question of your training structure. But hold on us. You said 10 sets of quads, but how was your technique and how was your relative? If your technique is spot on your relative effort is high, bro, nobody out there were covering from 10 sets of quads even a half a week. You guys have seen our videos on this channel. If you haven't checked them out, we train real people, real IP pros and all those stuff. You should do like six sets of quads. These motherfuckers barely crawl out of a workout or sore for a week. But if I know you're not training with a high level of quality, yeah, 10 sets is good. Maybe you should even do 15. But really, shouldn't. Really, you should attend to your quality first. Once you know the core of quality is there in the foundation of structures there, how much, how many reps, how much load, how many sets, is just a matter of filling in the blanks to get reasonable starting positions. Then auto regulating based on recovery and so on as an all-letter stuff. If you recovered well on time for your sessions, increase the amount of quantity. If you're having trouble recovering, keep the quantity the same. If you can't recover for sure, reduce the quantity. It's just pretty much that easy with some details in there. Now you can do this process out of order as long as at some point in your calculation of how to do your training plan, you attend to quantity, to structure, and to quality. But as far as priorities go, if you have great quality and structure, those can stay the same and quantity is easy to change. But if you have a certain given quantity that you decided you want to do and a certain given structure in which you want to do it, you may realize, for example, why I'm going to do 10 sets of quads twice a week, quantity, structure. If your quality is high as high as it should be from the start, you may not be able to do that many sets. It's too much because you're too fucking good at training. Each set is so stimulative you will never survive 10 sets twice a week. So now what do you do? If you determine your quantity first and your frequency second backwards as fuck, something like German volume training, alright, better German volume cold. Then you have to end up fucking with your quality. Somebody catches and you don't have freps on the leg press and they're like, bro, what the fuck are you trying to do 10 sets man? I've spoken twice a week. They're okay. They're supposed to fucking fail in the blanks, dummy. If I do it with good technique, I won't be able to do 10 sets. I need bad technique to survive this. You guys see what I'm going with this? Brain explosion. Alright, so you may be thinking. Alright, okay, boomer. If you tell me on the internet, I will laugh with you, not mistake. If you tell me in real life, I'm going to do jigsaw to you until you hurt badly. And then I'm going to say, what was that you said? You zumer little tick-tocker fuck. I'm kidding, I'm getting ahead of myself. How does this help me get laid? Is what you probably want to know. Though I can't get you laid because I've never been laid myself, I can absolutely try to give you some more decent examples of how this would work in the real world. If you ask as many people do in the comments section here in the YouTube videos or an Instagram or wherever you go, whoever you ask, how many sets of biceps should I be doing? Or you tell me, have done 10 sets of biceps work out. I don't see my gut growing. How many sets should I be doing? It is a question I actually cannot answer with due diligence until and unless I see your technique. And until and unless I see your relative, what am I close friends, Dr. James Hoffman, who was a sports scientist at Renaissance Parasization, he coaches a bunch of people and he has like the James squintie that he gives. Anytime people give incredible volume claims and say, oh well, like this is not working for me, I recover really easily and it's just not enough. So I do 30 sets of back per week. James gives the squint. Why? Because then he requests a video. He's got clients that people who eventually were as clients when they first started with him, this is how much I'm typically doing. He looks at those numbers and he's like, ah, interesting. Bullshit. Give me a video of you doing your set of squats. It inevitably people are going halfway down and stopping with six reps in reserve on every set. And then he has to go back to them and say, I'm not going to tell you how many sets to do until you fix your shit. And then what does that mean? He teaches them how to squat all the way down. He teaches them how to push themselves on every set. And on the sudden four sets of squats later, they thrown up blood and they're like, oh, shit. I didn't need 30 sets. Did I exactly? You don't want to be the person that asks the impossible question. The question that cannot be answered because you didn't attend to the very critical underpinning of what that answer would look like. If you want to know quantity, I got to know the quality. Very shitting algebra nonetheless makes sense. You say, hey, like how many burritos should I be eating per day? Ah, how big are the burritos? Are they a little tequila things you buy at the store? If I can 100, are they full stuff double stuff super burritos too? Big difference. Next example. If you ask about how many reps you should do on quad movements, for example, all you'll get out of me and anyone else competent is up. Some are routine five and 30 reps. And if you want to know more, we have to know your training structure. What exercises are you doing? How are you spacing out the exercises? Where in the session are they occurring? Would be kind of stupid to do sets of five to ten in the squat in most cases after like an hour of upper body work. You just two week to make use of that rep range, but you can drive metabolites so then it's so maybe not the squat. See, maybe it's leg press so your lower back can be out of the equation and then it's sets of 15 to 25. That makes sense only in context. After know the structure first, before you can give you an amount. But positive example, if I know I've seen you, I've trade with you or there are team full-romb forums that we have link in the description. And I've seen your chest work and your fucking technique is amazing. Your ultimate effort is off the fucking charts. And it was actually a gentleman I'll just call it out with him. In the team for Rumpform, his name is ETHIZI TALYIN, B.F. Francesco Lugente. I assume he does this every time he speaks. Go racism. Cultureism in any case. He has like God level technique and psychotic relative effort. If he asks me how heavy to go on chest movements and I know his structure is amazing because he's super fucking smart makes incredible training plans. It's so easy for me to be like start here and go up because I don't have to assume like well, I'm not a second. I don't have to think about what is his technique look like. How hard is he training? I know both of those so I can give him a low-while estimate of like start with two exercises and every chest. Sorry, two sets and every chest exercise and we do two exercises of chest every session as I know that you're doing two chest sessions a week. He wouldn't even answer well why so little. He knows for him is like, oh, that's actually plenty because every time he does flies, he rips apart the fucking earth trying to do flies. That good of technique and that high of her. So that's the real deal. The end of the day, do not let some features of your program like volume, fix the inadequacies of others like your techniques sucks so you have to do more volume and eventually get too fatigued and increase your problem in a vingery because you're putting a band-aid on a problem that requires a really fine tune robotic surgery and then voila once your technique is great, once you're training hard, once your structure is logical, the answer of how much should I train is really much simpler and has a known answer, or at least a known pathway to explore what that answer is. But if you're structure is a question mark or blows dick, if you're training technique and training effort is a question mark or they both blow dick, then there is no right answer that somebody can give you because the core of your program is rotten. Trying to have some features, fix the inadequacies of others in a system is like dating the same shitty people over and over again and expecting for them not to freak out at you and slam the car door in their Camero and drive away, leaving you with wilted flowers and you're pretty sundress in the middle of cold dark evening, street in mid-1980s, urban America. How's that for a fucking scene? Folks, thanks for tuning in. Questions and comments below, like share subscribe and consider a member's area as well as team full-rong. See you guys next time.