Hey folks, Dr. Mike Israel here for Renaissance Pairization. I have a question for you. Should you train your abs? Oh, wait, go ahead. Do you have your answer yet? Oh, well, let's see if you're right. Here we go. Should you be training your abs? What a strange question. But I promise it's a real question. It's a decades-old controversy. What gets you abs? And by abs, I mean, visible abs that moment when you pull your t-shirt off at the beach and that girl you've always liked, but never really said much to you. She's like, I really care and she'll cancel you later. And she's like, oh my God, you're abs. Scott. Scott's a bit of a guy. What do you like? You're in this fantasy now, enjoy. We all want this eventuality for ourselves. So how the fuck do we get abs? Well, is it diet? A lot of people say it is. Is it cardio? Does it cardio help to get abs? All the runners have abs? Is it supplements? For sure, all abs are made by Trann and Var and what are the reddit supplements do we know? Cland. Yes, there's just thread andvar and cland bro. I don't know why, but every time I read ignorant, reddit comments about steroids from people of Cleaver and every use them, I give them an Eastern European accent. And I don't know, I'm also Eastern Europeans. So I guess I can't possibly really offend anyone in that sort of way. But I find Eastern Europeans to be generally awesome people, but every now and again, just really Kurt, look up that word, really brutal. But just say stuff. And it sounds mean. And I'm just being honest, but it comes off all wrong. So in any case, is it training? Should be, right? I mean, train every other muscle. How do you get abs? You train your abs. Everyone knows that or do they. Now, if we say it's training, we can ask the next question of how does the training actually impact your abs? For example, does the training make them bigger and make them pop out more? Does the training make them more defined? Like, can you do a bunch of crunches and get more strations and separations in your abs? Maybe. Does it reduce the size of your midsection? A lot of people are like, oh man, I got a big old belly. I need to train abs. I wonder how that would work. You could be asking yourself quite rightly. And if you're going to train abs, in order to get any of those above things, how would you do it? Because there's a lot of different type of abs training. And well, probably if we're interested in any philosophy, not all of it can be equally effective. And we should be prepared for the eventuality that some of it could be very ineffective all together. Lots to unpack here. Let's get started. So first of all, how to get abs? Let's answer that first. First of all, you already won everyone, literally everyone has abs already. The thing is, they're just covered by a small to medium to extreme in a large layer of body fat. That's the real problem. So if you reduce the fat that covers your abs, you will have abs, which means that the ultimate way to get abs in the by far most straightforward is to impose a calorie deficit that results from a combination of decreasing your dietary intake and potentially increasing your physical activity. That's abs. That's how come marathon runners have abs. Most of them don't train abs at all. They're not even sure why the fuck they have abs. But they do a crazy amount of physical activity and they can't possibly eat enough food to make up for it. So they stay at 6% body fat around and they all have six packs. They're not doing planks or other bullshit they're not in the gym training. They're abs. They're sure how not taking steroids to make their abs bigger. They have abs because they're so lean and fat it's so fundamentally getting abs can requires zero abs training in almost every case. However, sometimes once you remove most of the fat from your midsection and your abs become visible, you realize that your abs are as smooth. They're just tiny tiny little abs and that means that the muscles themselves are necessarily tiny but they're just not very thick. So you could have this like more feminine looking midsection where someone's like, yeah, I guess you have the abs but they don't really pop. They're not gnarly. And that's a thing but it's totally fixable with ab growth training. So at this point we realize it's not a body fat issue. We're very lean. We can see low veins and we can see our abs but they don't pop out as much. That is fixable with hypertrophy training for your ab musculature which we'll talk about later. How to do exactly. All right. Now, so that's how to get abs. Primarily through L, or creating a calorie deficit and getting lean. Training only modifies higher abs look. Everyone has them already. Here's what ab training will not do for you. Get the myths slaying sword out, myth dragons flying up, cutting their heads off. You ever think like when a night kills a dragon, the dragon has maybe like a family back home and a pop a dragon you killed mama dragon and she's flying around and you're a night and everyone, you know, the princess gives you a blow job. Whatever else happens after you kill a dragon and you're sent all comfortable and pretty in the castle. And I did a good thing. And then you know, it's getting pretty late and pop a dragon back at the house. It's like gee, Janice, the mama dragon's been gone for a long time. He starts to worry. The kids are like, hop, hop, hop, where is my mind? They have their 1930s. Well, hat on and one of them has a peg leg, peg leg dragon. You're sitting in the castle post blow job from the queen and a princess at the same time. That's right. That's an adult video. It's fucked up. I don't think about that ship. In any case, here's what ab training will not do for you. Will not. It will not spot reduce your fat. Right now, hold on. Just connect it to all of the humans on earth and say, Cerebro, but people always ask me why the hell is your head look like that. No, it's not growth hormone abuse. Actually, don't abuse hormone. I take it intelligently and I had a big head before I ever took it. But it is actually because I have a cerebral for backspin installed in my skull, and clearly it's bigger than it made my head look funny. So I can actually connect with all people at the same time right now. I'm find out what all of you're doing. Hey, hey, Jim, stop jacking off. I see you doing that shit. All right. Back to everyone else. Right now, thousands of people as I connect to the ultraverse are doing millions of fucking crunches to try to burn the fat off of their abs. It doesn't work. The research on what's called spot reduction is does local activity. Of the muscle does that activity burn the fat close to that muscle shows us two things. One, it's very difficult to measure at that final level of precision. So we're not really sure. But that already tells us how little of that is going on that we can barely measure the shit. Some of the studies do show that there is a spot reduction effect. But it is so fucking teeny you would have to do kind of an infinity number of crunches in order to get your abs to show if you just didn't reduce your overall level of body fat. And because you're overall level of body fat matters so much more, you can make it so much easier on yourself and just not do the fucking crunches at all and just do a calorie deficit. So if you're looking for spot reduction, if you're looking to get abs by just doing a million crunches, you are doing something that is some combination of or some the truth of it is either just doesn't do anything at all to burn the local fat or it does so little you'll never fucking notice. That sucks. Just don't do that. So if people say oh man I got to burn the fat off my abs. How do I do it? What's your answer to tell them in the break room of work you go? Just lose fat all over, lose 10 pounds and you'll see your abs better. Do I go about the abs and cells? Go fat will come off. Mostly of where you put the fat on. And if you have a lot of Android obesity you put a lot of fat on your abs and upper body. When you do a calorie deficit that's where it's going to come off of. It's amazing how that works. Second thing training will not change the shape or symmetry of your abs. Some of us we get abs myself included or slightly misaligned. In my case, insanely misaligned. You say fuck how good how do I get them to line against I have a lacool model six pack. That ship is fucking sailed for you. And unless we have an intense genomic medicine in the next 10 to 50 years or insane reconstructive surgery your abs are just going to look like they look except leaner or not leaner bigger or not bigger. Lastly, this is a really big one tied into the first one of spot reduction. Training your abs does not make your waist any smaller. And as a matter of fact, if you make your abs really muscular, it makes your waist bigger. A lot of power lifters have big waist because they're putting a shit load of strain on their abs. And a lot of figure girls, for example, who come from gymnastics backgrounds have been doing tons of ab and oblique training that they had to for gymnastics and a lot of gymnastics means require that anyway. When they reduce their gymnastics move involvement or stop training their oblique entirely, their waist actually shrink because the muscles on the side of your waist got smaller. There's no amount of training to those muscles to make them bigger. That can make them smaller. Thus, if you want a smaller, shape, or tiny, or little waist training your abs has didly dick to do with that. It might piss you training abs. No, training away. Just understand where you're getting. And I'll tell you this. This is kind of a mini tragedy. First world tragedy. Right now, again, connecting to the altruvers, seeing what everyone's thinking and feeling. Jim, really. You're jacking off again. Back to everyone else. Folks, tons of people right now are training their abs for either spot reducing fat or for making their waist smaller. And sometimes even to change the shape and symmetry of their abs all the same time. And those three things just don't fucking work. So stop doing them because you're probably not into doing shet the desert work or works really poorly. So just imposing a calorie deficit and not training abs as much or hardly at all is probably a much better way to go for almost everyone. It's just just the reality of the matter. Now, if we do want to train abs, what will ab training actually do for us? First thing is if you train your abs for endurance, like with planks and a bunch of other stuff, it will make your abs more endurance. You will have better ab endurance. Why? I don't know why you would want more ab endurance. Maybe you cramped during sex or some shit like that. But anytime people are doing planks and stuff like that in the gym, they're just working on isometric ab endurance. Most people do planks in the gym because they just nominally understand that that trains their abs somehow. They probably think it spot reduces fat. And it's something the personal trainer group fitness instructor told them to do. And they suffer through it and they get a little indoor fin high and they feel like they've accomplished something. That's as deep as that thinking ever goes. People do not get ripped abs from doing fucking planks. Planks are cool for their own, shit and for getting in general isometric ab endurance but not much other than that. Second thing, training your abs especially in a hypertrophic way which we'll talk about last thing just a bit can make your abs physically bigger. That means they pop out more at higher body fats and really cool when they pop through clothes. So if you're into the following look, you could train your abs for a long time to get them bigger. When you put on your under armor, right, some shit like that in the gym or in a locker room or whatever the fucking wear that shit out in the street. Maybe not. You guys know that NFL like running back look where they have the under armor on the combine and they're just relaxed that you can see their abs popping through their fucking clothes. That looks sweet. And then exactly what everyone's into. I don't know how many girls are like, oh my god, as the abs are popping out. Maybe some like it. Maybe some don't. But at the end of the day, if you want that look, yeah, training your abs for growth will get you that look. Cool look. It's not the same as like a men's physique competitor where in a shirt or under armor, you wouldn't be able to tell that they have abs when they take them off or like, holy fuck in their waist is really tiny. It's different because remember NFL folks, they don't have super tiny waist. They have big popping abs. It's a trade off which one you want more, right? So that's definitely a thing that you can get from ab training. And lastly, you can make your abs a lot stronger. If your abs are a limiting factor in your strength in some way, like for Brazilian Gigietsu or M&A or something like sitting up from guard, if you had stronger abs, you could do it faster and more more forcefully than training an abs for strength is totally thing that works. But remember having strong abs is not the same thing as having a rip midsection. Currently, I don't have a rip midsection. It's fine to have abs in some mains and if it's not exactly the most rip thing. But it's a big fucking midsection. And it's strongest fuck, but nobody shaken my hand for that shit. Like if I had more of a physique competitor waste or people would pay attention to my abs. But I don't and there's nothing I can do through training to get there. That's all diet and at some point also fucking genetics. So lastly, if you're going to train her abs, how do you do it properly? What does it think? If you want bigger, more exotic abs, did you train them normally like to train any other muscle group? And this must be one of the biggest myths and misconceptions in the fitness industry. If people when they train abs, they do like crunches where your whole jerk can't even do his my arms or do big. This is hard to do. Literally, my steps hitting forums pretty sweet, right? The fucking hand behind your ears crunches, you do like three sets of 50. Can you imagine doing that in front of like Brad Schoenfeld, top pepper trivaries, so it shouldn't be like, hey, three sets of 50 good for growth. He'd be like, not really. It's okay. Is it good for fat burning? He's like, uh huh, okay. Why am I doing this? You should have thought about that before he started doing the shit. But what I just described is like 90% of the ab training that occurs in the entire world. Most people do their ab training unresisted. If you wanted the biggest pecks of all time, would you just do push-ups? That's nonsense. But people who want their abs developed highly, they just do bodyweight ab stuff. That's fucking stupid. How do you train abs? What does that mean to train normally? Normally means like any other muscle group. So for example, you choose exercises that are high stimulus and a low level of fatigue. They don't bother a hips or your spine. You can get a good full range of motion out of them and really burns. They'll really find a living fuck out of your abs. He gets them sore all that other stuff. So first, second, you know, full range of motion for sets of five to 30 reps per set. Standard loading rate, which means that after a while, you won't be able to use your body anymore so you have to load it. Which means you do reps and reserve. Three reps and reserve. Then two reps and reserve. They're one then zero, then d-load. Standard basal cycle progression. Don't go to failure every time. Like, everyone seems to think it's important with abs and you do load and rep progressions. So get on a really good full range of motion. Ab machine and start sets of 10 to 20. Ad sets as you recover better, add load and add reps over time and your abs will grow. It's like every other muscle. Again, a lot of people say, oh, I train my abs every day or every time I train. Why do you train your biceps or quads every time you train that fucking stupid? You train a muscle hard. You rest for a while and you train it again. You can logically set up a program that trains them every day. Then might not be the answer. On average, generally, we recommend that you train every muscle between two and four times per week. So abs fall into two and four times per week. That means they're going to have a minimum effect of volume, a maximum recovery volume, all that stuff. It's just seen as every other muscle group. The problem is almost nobody trains their abs the same as every other muscle group. Because abs training is just full of so much myth and bullshinery and dhmasri that it's hard to get to the actually logically to what it is that we're trying to do. And for trying to elicit hypertrophy, like, wouldn't we do that the same way we do with every other muscle? If you want a real good guidance on what that other means, that stuff means there's an ab hypertrophy guide, just type that in or type in central hub hypertrophy guide abs, RP, injury, or google machine. And then voila, there's a whole article about how to train abs, peer, disation, progression, exercises, rep ranges, all that stuff. Just like every other muscle with its own quarks. Fundamentally, it's just growth training. It's something you're already fair familiar with doing. So when someone asks you how do you train abs, think about how you train your side delts or your biceps or your calves and that's damn near the same shit, just the exercises you're different. Number two, if you want stronger abs, drum roll. It's got the video that I can you do a drum roll sound from me here. Train them for sets of three to six repetitions with heavy loading. But if that strength training, your abs are flucking muscle. You train them for strength, they can train them in the opposite strength. Well, Jesus isn't six, three to six reps, like really low for the abs. Uh huh. Did you say you want a strength, right? You didn't say you wanted to arbitrarily do sets of 10 to 20. Train them for strength, they're trained for strength. That's just how it works. Now all of a sudden you might not be interested in training after strength, that looks really painful. But it's just, it's what we're talking about. Third, sport endurance. If you want your abs to be more endurance for sport, I would say try sport specific stuff first. Okay. So exercises that mimic your sport at least to some extent, I'll probably really good for sport endurance stuff. So for example, if you're training your abs for endurance and Brazilian jujitsu, you can do some planks and stuff like that. But what you can also do is you say, okay, where is my ab and endurance really giving up? Well, when I'm sort of crouched and sitting in guard, my shoulders and not laying back, because I don't just want to get past, I'm up with my hands like this. You're basically sitting on your butt, your feet are either on the ground, your feet are up. You're only sitting on your butt, your shoulders are off the ground. You have to sit in this curl that posture. And at some point after two minutes, you're trying to prevent guard passes. You're like, I can't do this. My abs are tired. Well, guess what? In your ab training, if you want to train for endurance, after all the rolling and training has been done for the day or some other day of the week, take like some kind of weight or put on a weight vest or take a like some kind of dumbbell, put it right here, curl up and sit there for as long as you can for a typical roll amount and then increase the weight on the with a dumbbell or increase the amount of time you can sit in that crunch position, even pretend to move a little bit every now and again and your ab insurance will come up in a sports specific way in that position that you want to yes, training in a different positions like plates, etc., will raise your general ab endurance, but you probably want a little bit more specific ab endurance because that actually replicates which you're doing in the sport. You don't want to replicate it exactly, but something more like that. Right? And then, lastly, if you want to get your abs crisp, if you want to get them to show, if you want random women to come up to you in the street and be like excuse me, sir, I don't even need to bother you. I know with your friends right now and you're probably under doing important things, but can I just take the time to your sport chocolate on your abs and lick them off like a fucking pathetic animal that I am because when I see a man's abs like that, I get weak in the knees and I have to lick. If you want that sort of thing to happen to you daily, then calorie deficit, oh and calorie deficit, calorie deficit, calorie deficit, sign me out and see you guys next time.