But a lot of times, man, I'll give you that ego shit where women are not as in a mystical straight up and certainly not in that way as expressed in the gym and then just oftentimes can just be better coached. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization. And today's topic is male versus female training differences. How does training work differently? Specifically for size and strength between males and females. Now, I've never met female in real life. Joss bread a lot of books about them. So this is all theoretical. But we will see what we can do. And I think we have a total of 11 differences that I could come up with. Certainly there are a few others. I think these are the main ones. And the design of this talk is sort of to give you some perspective on, again, in the real world, how do differences actually reflect different programming requirements, different abilities and different recommendations for females versus males. So almost the ideal target audience for this. There's like you, Mr. Hubby who writes your wife's training program and she comes back through to the gym. If you know this video back to front after it's done, you could just do a lot better of a job programming for your wife. Does she inevitably starts to push even your boundaries and all of a sudden you don't know who's the man anymore. And you're like, hey, Karen, can you watch the dishes tonight? She's like, no, Frank, you're going to watch the dishes. And you're like, yes, man. And then sorry, but don't watch videos like this. You won't make your wife too jack and too strong to control. Anyway, wives, girlfriends, all jokes, let's get to it. So number one difference, these are not ranked or we're important, certainly think just a list. Intensely handling, which means that females can usually do more reps with any given percentage of the one-rette max. So if you throw 80% of one RM on the bar for 100 males versus 100 females, females and tell them to crank out a few more of a need two to four reps with that 80% of one RM, then the males would, which is kind of interesting, these that if you go on percentage programs for males and females, you know, programs that I got, do 82.5% or 3 by 3. For females, this often leaves them further away from failure than with the males, making the program more relatively intense, relatively effortful for males, and could throw some things off. It's just something to consider. And interestingly enough, females take less of a beating set to set from high intensities. So for example, you take the average 100 average males, 100 average females that are in the jam training regularly. And if you get the males in and do, you know, six sets of four, six sets of five in the squat, gee, by the end, the males are going to be doing very little weight. They're going to be really, really beat up, just all over. It's when it, when it's terrible, terrible amount of fatigue imposed. But females will be able to kind of keep doing sets of five and maybe drop to four by the last one, often with the same weight, they can just handle that fatigue way better. So that's definitely something to keep in mind. If you're designing programs with the intent to push both males and females as far as possible, one thing that you could keep in mind the rest of this video should have said this first is if you have a female training partner in your self-mail or vice versa, these are all things to keep in mind. So you can change the programs a little bit of the margin still do a lot of the same training, but understand how to adjust to make sure the training is good for everyone. You don't want someone being overtrained, someone being under trained. You want to make a little tiny adjustments to make the best for both. Next, rest times. Female, typically, recover much faster between sets. So if you're programming for someone and you're doing something that's like, oh, yeah, three minutes rest, like a lot of women will rest 45 seconds, be completely recovered on all four factors. The muscle itself can do more than five reps the cardio is no longer limiting. They're not even out of breath anymore. They feel strongly feel ready to go. Center just draw good. So technically, by our four factor, rest time checklist, they're already good to go 45 seconds in and they spend another couple of minutes just kind of like, looking around and then they say, should I'm red at like, hey, you know, like my program is like boring after rest a lot. I can't relate whether you're thinking you need the rest just be patient and it's cool, comment to make toolman and red it to help her psychologically get through training, but another thing you could say is hey, like, you know, maybe as soon as you're ready to go, you can just go and thus you don't have to be in the gym for a minute. So that's really cool. The big part of that whole thing is that female on red it. That's never happened. Come on now. Scott, the video guy, do females go on red it? Scott has biologically a female as well. All right. So another thing is if you train with a woman on the rest time staying in your training partner, you might have a situation where she every now and again goes two sets for your one. Like my wife and I we train on occasion together. Like we go on vacations. We'll just go kind of like set for set and a lot of times she's like, are you ready? I'm like, she's like, I'll just do another set and then rest and then you can go and I'm like, yes, please, for love got. So that's another handy thing to try out. Next up per session volumes females can do volumes within a single session. A single workout that would crush most men, right? That doesn't mean per muscle group. Typically anywhere between 10 to 12, 10 to 15 sets per muscle group per sessions, probably the best for females as well. You don't want to go over that. That's high end for both males and females. But the total session volume, the total number of exercises and muscle groups, the female, can train in the gym and not leak into junk volume, is actually much higher than that of a males and certainly my experience and the literature can confirm this as well. So what ends up happening is if you're writing a workout for a female and you're like, here's three exercises and you got to do this advanced muscle group split coming to the gym six times a week and she doesn't three exercises, each with eight sets or whatever and she's like, so can you just stay here and do more and you're like, a way sister, you need rest like, no false just does not need rest. On the other hand, if you take a female program and apply to a male, about the 40th working set later, you're going to be vomiting blood in the bathroom and can't see anymore. And your girlfriends, like, hey, you set up, we got 10 more fucking exercises to do now, yeah, this is crazy. So just remember that females can handle more. They can just keep being productive in the gym for, I don't know, typical males, some somewhere between 20 and 25 sets per session for a pretty strong person is like, that's it. That's all you can do. 20 and 25 working sets per session. This is even mad at the muscle group, much after that point. It's all downhill after that. You should probably do another session, whereas if you're female at 30 to 35, or even more sets can totally be done by female in many cases and they're not even overly fatigued at the end and they're still having productive sets. So definitely something to keep in mind them. Number four difference is in weekly frequencies, typically females can recover faster and more completely in less time. And thus are able to productively have a higher training frequency than males. It's not a night or day difference. It's a little bit subtle, but nonetheless, I would say a good rule of thumb to use is to assume one more frequency per muscle group for females than males as a good place to start the program and then auto-regulate from there. See how things respond. So for example, if a good bench press program is two times a week benching for a male, a female bench press program could probably start at three times a week benching and the female would recover very well and not spend a lot of downtime like, okay, completely recovered. I'm totally ready to go. It's Tuesday, but I don't venture again until Thursday or Friday, like I'm just doing tomorrow and then doing it again Friday. So it's one of these things where if you're training females, that'll make sure to interest first their sessions such that the frequency is maybe one more time per muscle group than a male counterpart would have and then it tends to make the program work a little bit better for females. Number five difference is in accumulation length. I would say there's about a week difference on average that I've seen sometimes even two. So if after four weeks of progressively harder training, the average male needs a dealod, call it four to eight. After five to ten weeks, the average female needs a dealod. So if you have a female training partner, it's week five and week six is dealod. You could be like, damn, girl, can't wait for that dealod. She's like, I could just keep training. You're like, hell, women can just fucking keep going and gee, whiz, there's a sex joke in there somewhere. I've never really had the sex in real life. Let's go to the video guy. Is having sex for longer, good? No, it's a race. It is a race. Is that what you have all those trophies in your room? My, my man. It's, you know, it's about getting there quick in any case. So if you're programming for females, or as I like to call them sisters in steel versus brothers in the higher, of course, standard moment. Nature just know that you can tack on an extra week or two to your assumed periodization of paradigm for them for the mess of cycle. And they're probably going to be good to go. And it's not just probably good to go. It's better than that because yeah, they could do load pretty often with their male counterparts, but then they're like, um, not so much wasting week with a quick of crammed in more productive training before taking a break. Right? It's like if you're like a really productive employee at your job and you're just like working crazy on this project, it's Friday morning and you're looking like, oh my god, I'm going to finish just by the weekend. It's going to be great. And your boss comes in and he's like, all right, all right, check. Let's go to lunch. I'm taking everyone to early lunch and then you guys get the day off and you're like, what? I was going to finish the work. I was like, ah, we'll get it next Monday. It's all right. Yeah, you got people that really talented productive. You just leave them and fuck alone in office and make great things. That's how Mr. Nick Shaw CEO of RP keeps me in an office and says, one day, I'll see the sun. He promises me that the sun is very bright. It's like a star, but bigger he says, I don't know. I just go to work. In any case, same idea with females, we were to have de-load every fourth week like a standard all-powerful programs, for example, if they're like totally good to go for four or five or six weeks before an eating a de-load. So make sure to keep that mind. Next is axial and systemic fatigue costs are lower for females, all right. On average, do variety of different factors by the way. Well, really beginning into factors here, much is another discussion. But this is the in-practice differences that you'll see in real life. So things like squats overhead presses, dead lifts, fat rotors, females can do a lot of those, more than males, more sets per week than males, and not have to pay this insanely burdensome axial and systemic fatigue costs that just being beat to shit. It doesn't only suit many squats and ventures and dead's in cleans. You can do an a program as a male until your body just collapses on you. You can't get out of bed. For females, they can do a lot of hard core shit and stimulate up. This is totally fine. I'm doing great. And the great thing about these exercises is females is we get to in a bit a little bit more resistant to hypertrophy. They don't gain as much muscle as males do. But luckily, they can use much more raw stimulus magnitude, high movements, like barbell rows, like pull ups, like squats, like overhead presses, et cetera. Intimitably males would have to incorporate more isolation moves after some compounds, more machine and seated moves, less raw stimulus magnitude, so I have to do a few more sets and focus on my muscle connection a bit. I don't want to say cheap their way to gains, but an navigate around this insane fatigue caused by this very effective, but very effective, very teagantricizes for females. The justice effective relatively speaking, but less fatiguing. So you'll see a lot of programs that you could design and are designed well for females, which you would read it. You're like, that's no way anybody can actually do this. It says 10 sets of squats, five by four sets of stiff leg and deadlift, five by four sets of overhead press. I would just be dead at this point. You see a woman do it. You're like, I guess, I guess there she goes. And after every 45 seconds rush, she's like, I feel great. Let's do it again. All right, very good. 45 seconds are resting. If you're great to do it again, sounds like it's got the video guy. Tam on folks, look it up in the dictionary. If you can read, good God. All right. So if you're programming for females and a female has weak point of hamstrings, glutes or shoulders or whatever, feel free to scoot in a bit more of those rostimulus insane compound heavy barbell movements because you might need them to help her grow, but also because she can handle it. And with males, don't try that shit. You're going to kill somebody. All right. Next up is relative efforts. So so far, all these have kind of been like, but if female advantages so to speak, like you just do more, they're just kind of better. This advantage coming up, number seven, you're relative effort. Females on average, you're not pushed themselves psychologically as hard on any given set as males do. I just won't go as close to their actual technical failure point and misconstruo their failure point as much earlier than it actually is not a ton earlier, but notably enough different for males where it's relatively obvious if you've been in a gym a few times. And this can be remediated in many women not all to a large extent, sometimes a total extent where they're caught right up to the males or even go beyond, but sometimes at least a bit of the way through, this can be remediated through coaching and through self work. The coaching part is they have another female coach, let's pretend, with them that's been around the block that's trained fucking hard and it can be like, hey, Stacy, how many reps and reserves at last set? Stacy's like, two, be like, well, shit, how many reps do you 12? Yeah, start another set. Stacy gets the 12 looks over and the female coach is like, two more, she's like, do more, shut up. She does it, she's like, oh my god, I could do it. She just two more after that. Oh my god, it was four hour the whole time. Well now you learn, now next time when you doubt yourself that it's almost close to failure, do a couple more reps. If you're female listening to this, I'm likely we do have one and a half females as our audience, then push yourself a little further maybe. Unless you got it all that'll end up here and then you don't need that shit. Speaking of dialing, and then I said, self work, inner self work, that's, you know, you can be coached to do a lot of things. Someone else present there can push you and you can sort of let them be kind of like a hero vessel for their information and executive decision making, but after they're gone and you're training by yourself, you're like, yeah, when no one pushes me, I just do back to what I normally do. So you can meditate on this a little bit, especially in the gym as a female and tell yourself, you know, I know that I'm capable of more. And I know that maybe genetically because I'm female, I'm not advantage to just fall into being a psycho and doing more. So I'm going to try to push myself a little bit out of my comfort zone each time, try to see, you know, how how rare find the air is up there in failure world, failure world. It's going to be an amusement park, which your entire life is videoed in front of you and to realize how much of a fucking failure you are. Fuck you, Dad. In any case, if you do some thinking about this as a female, you can realize I may be able to push harder and you can discover you can and it's super fucking empowering. So that's just on there to consider. It doesn't need to be admitted to be addressed. So if you happen to be a modern day feminist, sweet and you're a calcentrant in any accusation of gender-based differences and you're like, no way, women work just as hard. Do you have a gambit for you? Do are typically males or females more compassionate? Are typically males or females better with children, especially young children? Who makes a better kindergarten teacher on average, a male or a male? It can simply be a start to get ridiculous as obvious there are gender differences. And they're totally cool. We're just doing that different. There's no better words. It's just different. Some people say, well, women can be just as tough as men. It's toughness, like, the best thing in the world is like Albert Einstein known for his toughness, like this ridiculous. Just tons of other great things you can be. Toughness, just the stupid male version of seeing the world. So if you're cool with understanding that some people are different, even forget gender for a second. Some people just don't push as hard as others. You boy right here, I fake all my shit. Everybody knows I don't go to failure. I think that's all nine R. R. You're some self-work. I go to seminar. I feel like I'm not family in all as well. So it's just something to think about for yourself and push yourself as hard as you can and understand that if you're female, you may be encountering some kind of guardrails that you can break through potentially. In any case, some of this, if you fix it, can really adjust all the other factors we talked about earlier. So for example, one of the reasons that females typically are able to do set after set after set of high intensity work, better than males, is because their relative effort isn't as high. So actually, there are saving a lot on the tank that they might need to be consciously aware of. So if you get a female and slowly over, if you get a female, might of course on how to get female. If you are the position of coaching a female and over the six months or so, you work collaborative with her and she ends up becoming like a fucking demon woman, Wonder Woman type shit and really knowing how to push yourself, her ability to crank out set after set after set heavy might decline. Who is a shit? Do we break her? No, you turned her, we're efforts more effective per set, which means her total volumes can come down, the use of higher SM movements can come down and her training can just a little bit start to look a little bit more male-like simply because the reason all half of those female adjustments are made is because that relative effort is lower. So if the relative effort comes up, a lot of the other female training stuff will come up as well. Some stuff probably won't change much, accumulation to de-load paradigms don't change much because after a few days off, doesn't really matter how hard females work to just heal faster than men, so there's some stuff that doesn't change, but on average it makes the training a little bit more similar between the two genders or sexes. I've never had anyone co-generally described to me the difference you know, it's too, but more I say the more I'll get canceled by either alt-right-and-cells or SQW and saying people. Hello YouTube. Number eight, technique and trainability, back to female advantage, so to speak. Generally speaking, females have better technique to begin with. You can show off female how to do a technique, because okay, and she just does the thing right the first time and with men, you show them how to do it, and they're like, oh, sweet, and instantly they're, I was going to say AI, but they're natural intelligence processors, I had it. How do I change this movement while learning it to something stupid or more egotistical? Like, I bet I can do this and not have to work as hard, but also hurt my back. So a lot of times women are just more trainable, they're more coachable, they take coaching cues better a lot of the time. You know, Jared, not in the channel of trained lots of female, very high level athletes, and we can't try to hip-tilt like this, Mark, okay, got it, and they try to fix it right away, whereas from men to a give, but like the way I've learned it's shut up, bro, on the fucker you don't know shit, you can barely read, do what we say, just kidding, I'm a stay everybody, but a lot of times men will give you that ego shit where women are not as egotistical straight up, and certainly not in that way as expressing the gym, and they just oftentimes can just be better coached. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro bodybuilders? The most effective muscle growth training app ever made. Get yours now. Another thing is a women naturally and with, especially with coaching, can learn to prioritize their technique more than the I need more reps and more weight on the bar and all costs kind of shit with a men tend to do. So if you coach a female and somehow, you know, you go go to Mars, for example, for six months, you leave her with some programs. You know, sorry, there's no video on Mars, zoom doesn't go that far, and you come back and you watch her training technique and you'll be like, damn Betsy, apparently left in 1950s. That's really good. It's almost exactly what we talked about and some of it even looks better. You leave gym Bob alone with that shit. You're going to be partial reping everything, Eve Bowing. It's going to be like, he turned into Kiriako's grizzly when you were fucking gone. If you don't know who that is, Google, not at work, not at work. At work, people might misunderstand. It's not pornography. Well, it really kind of is just Google it. Not at work. Let me know what you think. Comment below. Kiriako's grizzly is going to be a Scott is going to be a video about male for three or two changes and 90% of the comments are Kiriako's grizzly references. Do you know who that is? Google, what are you doing? Let me know when you're done, Google. The S. Very large, very muscular, very fat and very hairy. He's like the father I never had. In any case, females who go off, plan less often, they're just better to coach in many ways. So this is like a really good thing. It's a cool thing. As far as how to work with people, I guess the advice here is opposite. If you're typically used to working with females as a coach and you start working with some males, you could be like, wow, what the fuck is this guy doing? He's debating me on shit. He's doing everything wrong. He's super interested in just PR and with fucktack meat. So you might have to realign and be a bit more patient with males. That has certainly been my experience. All right. Next difference, this one is more fundamental. And nonetheless, something you're consider. Initial size difference. Females are significantly smaller, especially in the upper body, even lower body as well. Even relative to their body weight, to males. They tend to have more body fat, less muscle. So they start out with less muscle. And the rate of gains, initially that they make, is typically about the same as males. But remember, it's a rate of gains based on percentage. So if you started a hundred pounds of muscle and you gain, you know, half a percent a week for the first, whatever number of weeks. And if you start at a hundred fifty pounds of muscle and you gain half a percent, you're actually gaining less if you start out smaller and more if you start out bigger. You're saying like to bridge get richer, you know, hashtag, orxism. That's definitely a joke. So there have been studies that have shown that at least for some time, females at least make the same relative gain. Now what you're about to hear, I have to caveat is a personal hypothesis of mine. But nonetheless, I think it might carry some weight. I do believe that the available evidence on where people end up at the end of their careers. And we have shit load of data on that because there's like a trillion, you know, power lift, or spotty load of all kinds of stuff. I think at some point, pass the beginner stage, females, rate of gains do reduce. And they actually gain slower than males. Otherwise, you know, there's lots of males that started out between a hundred and hundred and twenty pounds and a forty pounds when they started lifting. I'm one of them actually. And then they end up just getting to be 200 pounds plus, lean and fucking enormous. But for females, you almost never see that. Like a very jacked, I'd be pro bodybuilder female, weighs like 160, 170. This is the most jacked females in the world. And, you know, something else actually start out pretty fucking jacked too. So I'm inclined to believe in either this will be embarrassing later. And when I'm wrong, or the evidence will bear me out. Fellas, several years later, when people actually do the research in this directly, I think the female rate of gains flows down. And I hear how to take this. Ladies, don't compare yourself to the males. Like, oh, man, Roddy, my my my thick husband in this Roddy, not Roddy Coleman. Like, Roddy just eats whatever and he just fucking gave muscle on a hate him on a hate. It's a abs. I love him. But I love his abs too. But I hate it. You know what I mean? I can be so easy for him. It's just going to be easier for guys to get jacked. Now, if you want to close the gap a little bit, just take the same testosterone exogenously that guys produce endogenously, which will turn you into a guy in every possible respect, including clitoral enlargement. You will be getting there, hair on your face and all that ship. Oh fuck that. So yeah, you're going to have a tougher time gaining or another better way to see it. Probably is like your gains will be a little slower, which is totally cool because you know what I'm saying. Namaste again in your own ring. And comparing yourself as a female to other males is about as pointless as comparing yourself as any human to any other human being. You just got to do the best to put your half. So that's all safe for that. Number 11 is related. I guess I said both of the number 10 and 11 at the same time. So rate of gains, females have probably lower. And for a variety of reasons, mostly because I think rate of gains caps off towards the end, females cannot get as big or as strong as males, even if they start from the same place on average, put them the same amount of work. Let me tell you exactly what I mean. If you find 100 males that weigh 100 pounds on average to begin with, and 100 females that weigh 100 pounds on average to begin with, and you have them in this world where they think it's the real world, but it's not just one giant sports science experiments. I'm not secretly building a machine to do this by the way. I will deny all accusations. Five or ten years later, the males will just get bigger and stronger in the females. I mean, one is that there's different genetics. And like your genes do fucking matter. I know it's crazy. And also like males have more testosterone. Do you think steroids were, of course, like well, men are kind of on steroids all the time compared to females. So it's not rocket science. And again, the thing is, as a female, you know, just understand that like shit is going to be a little bit less exciting for you on the muscle gain front. But females can still get super fucking jacked and really, really fucking strong, especially in the lower body, but they up her body too. And so really, if you're a female, one of our one and a half females that watches this channel, if you're training and you're fucking growing and you're making games, just do that. And you're going to end up being like, shitting on like 70% of the guys at the gym. And I mean, that's fucking sweet. If you want to just shoot out 100% of the guys at the gym, roll bot limbs. You didn't think I was going to say that. Why would you have biological limbs, roll bot limbs are better? And mark my words, as soon as robotic limbs are commercially available in a objectively superior to conventional limbs, goodbye arms and legs. What would it, when it's easy decision to make? In any case, few more insights and to wrap it up. First of all, all of this is meant in good faith. Gender differences are real and they're not good about. They just are. And then we take what we have, we just try to do our best with it. So I'm not trying to say like, oh, females are worse than males or males than, or worse than females. Like, being a statistical sucks. And this is the sense that it makes you make some bad decision. Sometimes as a male, being more statistical than a female. But also, ego is what pushes people forward to do crazy shifts on of which is really impressive and really great accomplishment. Everything's kind of a year in a young. So that's kind of how I mean that. Another thing is all of what I said, when I say females are better than or males are worse than or whatever, it's all statistical averages. It's two distributions are normally distributed by bell curves. And they sit like this next to each other, right? So some of that shit overlap, some doesn't. So if you have a comment in the comments, which we're always welcome and also hello to our new subscribers, if we've got any. Think we got any new subscribers today? Got the video guy? Well, we'll half the subscriber. One guy subscribed many on subscribed. But that's it. We got to look. We got to look. If you want to comment and say something like, well, I know this girl that's strong in all the guys like sweet. You can stats 101. There's going to be, you know, for every guy that thinks he's strong, there's Becca Swanson, Google Becca Swanson. We are all mortals in her wake. But, you know, there's also Brian Shaw. So like, yeah, it's all averages. So if there are exceptions, that's totally normal. Exceptions are expected. But averages are important because they allow you to have more realistic expectations of the world. And lastly, because females have a tougher time gaining muscle, et cetera, a bit of a curse slower, it's just unlikely that if you're female, you're going to become a mass monster by accident. You know what I'm saying? If you were to about being a mass monster as a lady, you might want to take a few fewer trips to McDonald's night. That's how that mass really gets going. JK, it's all love. A yo girl. If you have some McDonald's picking up a shake and come back to my crib, I'm married. We could have a, what's that call Scott's video guy with another person comes in? Manage it. Twa. Yo, Scott, are you French? We. No, I said you, not we. In any case, all right, folks, get out there, go mango. You young kids and you're fun that you'll have all the genders mixed together. And I'll lastly, last thing, go to France. Get you a ticket to Paris one way because you'll figure it out. Climb the I filth tower, so to speak. Maybe the a spoke in the I filth tower. I'll never forget that. Thing that happened to me. I agreed to everything. That's how I remember that. See you guys next time.