Intrating partners goes, you know what would be fun is if we deduct a push up super set with Bob-O-Bla and you go, oh my god, that's great. Double the ideas, double the fun, always a good thing. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyridization, and today's video is about training partners. Yes, that's right. Are they important? Are they just evil twins that keep us from achieving the real goals we could? If somebody was to make the Smith machine slip just a little bit one way. What am I talking about? Training partners are great and they can help you. And this video is the first in a little tiny miniseries. We'll shoot the other videos over at some point. Is to how a training partner can help you, how to use a training partner in the best possible way, how to have a really good arrangement, and also how to have maybe in a suboptimal arrangement that you don't want. And you can do less of that more of the former and have a really really good time. So, if you haven't had a training partner before, but you've considered it. And maybe there are some options for you. You may think, well hold on a second, what are the advantages of having a training partner? Like, I lift the weights by myself still, yes and the answer to that is yes. So what are the advantages? Training partner can help you do a few really really awesome things. And this is one of the reasons why a lot of times in the deepest parts of contest prep for example, myself and Jared Feather, IFP Pro, will live in the same place for a while. In the same room, even, we share a blanket. Yes, all the jokes, please. We've seen them all before, but shoot them into the comments. We like to train together. For many of these reasons, and you may have a reason to train with training partner, but it includes these other reasons. Check this out. How training partner can help. First, what is called schedule-ling motivation. If you're looking at your schedule next week, and you're like, I'm traveling here, extra work at the office here, Valentine's Day, actually, is Valentine's Day tomorrow as of this recording. The thought? Who the food you talking about? Oh, shit, my wife. Don't you worry about when I'm going to get my wife? What are you going to get you? What are you going to get your girlfriend? Do you took her nice and telling me, but that wasn't a Valentine's Day. You think she's just supposed to run all the way through? Yes. Someone's like, hey, honey, what's your boyfriend getting you for Valentine's Day? She's like nothing, but he got me something a few days ago. Basically we're great with a girl friends. Don't care, noted. In any case, Valentine's Day, whatever. You got a week schedule coming up. If you train alone, it's easy for you to be like, you know, I'm going to skip next week of training, or I'm just going to train two times. You have a training partner though, and they may be more open to training, and they may be able to provide you with some motivation to be like, hey, look, look, look. I know you're busy, but let's get in the gym at least three times, I'll be there for, and I'd love to have you for at least three of those sessions. You don't get a damn it, you know what? All right, fine. And that's great because that training partner pulls you into the direction of more training. A few months later, when he's got a busy week and you don't, you can pull him back and the average amount of adherence to the training plan can go up. Next is, of course, the obvious, really the number one perceived reason that training partners are a good thing is intro work out motivation. And that's the person, clap it and get in your face and get an after it, get you pumped up for sets, graduate you after, and all that other good stuff. So, yes, absolutely that is a factor. Another factor that many people don't talk about, hilariously, and ironically, as I know about the state, is good conversation. If you have a training partner in the gym who you can chat with in its fun, and interesting, she is, it's going to hang out with you friend every day for an hour. That's awesome. And this is incredibly awesome for the perspective of adherence for the long-term plan. If to you going to the gym means going to the gym alone, and you're lonely, you don't talk to anyone and there's other people there, and you're like, eh, and you kind of keep to yourself, ah, man, you might not want to be there much or as much, and you might fall off the wagon or just go less. But if you're going there with your friend, your buddy, your partner, your pal, and you're having a really great conversation all the time, would you listen, oh, you might go to a train to avoid other parts of life. That's how consistent you'll be. Your wife's like, when are we doing movie nights, it's been yearned, you asshole, and you're like, oh, yeah, moving, yeah, share, well, you know, I got a training session coming up with my friend. So, that nice fight, I'll see you never, low, and you just get out the door. Strains that you speak like this, and you have a weird accent. But nonetheless, it's really good to have a good time during training, between sets because it can very least keep you coming back. Another one is program troubleshooting. You may not kind of have figured out why you should put squats here, or leg presses here, or why that combo doesn't work. But when you're making a training plan, usually a training partner is involved, and if even under not, you can ask him like, hey, dude, what did I think I should do with leg presses today, is that you should do them after a stifle get out, because you don't need your back anymore, because you'll just be in a leg press and your back is on a seat. Oh, fuck, brilliant. Thank you so much. So program troubleshooting is something a training partner can do really well, because it only do the no general theory of training in many cases, but they also know how your body works, and how your body is particular to your needs, and how everything gels there, and they've trained with you maybe for weeks, maybe for months, maybe longer, and they really know how you respond so they can give the most apt program advice. Jared and I, when we train, he always gives great programming feedback, and hopefully vice versa. Another one is idea generation. You may be like, man, you know, like I'm putting together a chest day, kind of feel like we used all these exercises already. And training partner goes, you know what we'll be fond of if we do deficit, push up, super set with blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and you go, oh my god, that's great. Double the ideas, double the fun, always a good thing. Another thing is you get to learn by experimenting. Everything's kind of an A, B split test. If you're training partner does one thing, and you do another, you basically go, you know, I don't know if you're going to do these curls or these curls. Your training partner does one, you do the other, a mesocycle later, you come back, and you're like, what do you think? And he's like, eh, and you're like, I thought my shit was great. He tries your shit the next month, or you try his, what do you think? Yeah, you're right, you're dumbbell curls sucks, and he's like, dude, the cable curls you had to on their great. So now you have two people that say this exercise is amazing, two people that say this exercise sucks. Maybe you learned a lot for the both of you, and look, if you don't agree, then you can say, hey, it's all individual difference. So lots of stuff to figure out to make sense of, and you can do all kinds of little experiments there with your training partner, and you can learn a lot more. And of course, last but not least, and this is one that applies more if your training partner is also friends with you. But even if they're not such close friends with you, it was promoting adherence outside of the gym. You know, if you're on your diet game, you're going to have a discussion about diet within training partner. And so it could look just like this. The show up Monday morning, you're both show up to the gym. You start training your legs, and your partner goes, so, how's the diet? Right? Because you told him last week you were in a fat loss diet. The fact that you know, he's going to ask you is already good motivation for you to not do stupid shit on the weekends. Because then you're going to have to stare at training partner in the face and say, oh, man, you know, I guess the just potato chips all weekend long. Because at the worst he's going to be like, oh, and I hear you, man, that's fun, no big deal. But then you've like perceptively lost value as a human agent, a rational, willpower, you know, holding agent. And it could just sucks. Most of us want to perceive that we're competent. Most of us want to perceive and be perceived as somebody who sticks to a plan when they laid out. So even on the bare minimum of him just asking you stuff in the gym just about how life is going, you're going to want to make sure that you're diet, you're recovery, etc. Makes a ton of sense. If you come in from the gym and you're like, yeah, man, legs are going to be tough today. I just did stupid shit all weekend and do you get any recovery. You're training partner is going to be like, thinking at least to himself or to herself. Like, not in the gym trying to crush my goals. It's nice to have a training partner who is also in the gym to crush their goals. And if you guys have ever been in a situation with the other training partner, two different degrees of seriousness, the tend to kind of find like, like water finding its level, at least to some extent. And oftentimes that means the degree of seriousness moves up when one of the training partners isn't willing to move down. A lot of times if you train with someone, you know, I'm I'm trying to train pretty diligently, but when I'm training for just with Jared, Jared, father, I've been pro. If I'm training with him and he's training for a pro show, there's one speed on, you know, and that was really good for me because I can be very serious in the gym. But if Jared was like some fuck off asshole who was like, ah, I'm going to do a set and I'll feel like it. Then it's kind of like, it is a little tougher for me to push my pace. So basically it's one of these things where you end up if somebody serious in the gym, it ends up sort of exuding seriousness to the other facets of life and everyone's fitness gets really, really good. And as a matter of fact, people will tell you that. I've actually talked to numerous people on random occasions about muscle stuff. And I hear a lot of the same stories and one of the stories I hear is, you know, what people find out of a bodybuilder or whatever they'll say, oh, you know, I used to train with and they insert a pro's name back in the day. And a lot of times I say that, I wasn't the best shape of my life when I trained with that guy. It was because the guy knew a whole lot of secrets to something. It was like, it was a pro. And we go in, we go hard and we go consistent. And if you can train with someone at a higher level, a training partner that pulls you up and you pull them up. Hey, that's awesome. It's going to be great for the rest of your life as well. Second thing. Okay, so first, how can a training partner help? Second is what makes a good training partner. And you can commentantly what makes a bad training partner. That stuff we will cover next time. So, but I suppose the opposite of this is the very least. First, what makes a good training partner is there on time. Non-negotiable. I've been a training partner that's been like five to ten minutes late. Not a fun feeling. Not what I want to feel again. So, nowadays, I make sure I'm on time every time. And if you have a training partner that's five to ten minutes late, it's like some combination of funny jokes, slash noosens. If you have a training partner that's half an hour, 45 minutes late, or they just don't show up, that's not really your training partner. Any sense of the word. So, on time training partner critical. Deligent. Okay, they don't miss workouts willingly. They don't miss reps really, really. They don't get their technique off. Like, one of the weirdest things you can have with a training partner is you go both understand what a technique is. And then they're doing lap pull downs. And at the end of their really good technique lap pull downs, that's like, crooked jerking and they get like three more reps. Like, it's always weird for me to broach that. They're like, the fuck just happened bro, they just forget all the fucking sports science knowledge. And we're trying to learn together. Fuck are you doing? That is an example of low diligence. Like, somebody who could stick to a plan and a program. I mean, she was, you know, like, that's what you're doing with a training partner. Just stick into a plan. So if they're low on diligence, the whole thing is kind of up up up to no good. Third, there is a nuance here, but it's leaves drama at home. Leaves drama at home doesn't mean that between sets of leg curls, it's something wrong with your training partner be like, well, Cynthia says she wants to start seeing other people. But if I wear a mask and I'm on her only fans that I can be in the room at the same time. You know, like, fuck, bro, or great. I don't know what is the monetization on the Holy Fans on trying to be taking this. You can give yourself a little sniff, a little piece of little slice. Whereas it's just, you're just in like a fucking gimp mask. That's cool. But if instead of spotting you on leg press to make sure you don't die, or watching for your technique, or even just chatting with you between sets, if they're on their phone, like Cynthia, if you ever text me back, I will hire the mafia send dot dot dot to have you fucking killed send dot dot dot dot black heart black heart black heart send. Where are the train, bro? Either train or chill between set. And if we're bringing that get a energy and drama on a ton of leg, really spastic shit. It's okay every now and again, but generally speaking, like, same applies to all sports. You can actually treat this all as teammates and basketball or football. Somebody bring in drama on the court. Weird. Drama on the bench, whatever. Next, training partner has to bring the right intensity, which just means a sufficiently high level of intensity to get going, but also nothing psychotic. Like if your training partner starts warming up for the squat and he's yelling at every rap, you gotta be like, bro, bro, bro, people know me in this gym. Also, if they don't, they soon will as the guy who works out with yelling in the same asshole guy, you shot the fuck up. Like there's levels to the shit. So you have to have an intensity that's like, go hard when the time is right, chill when the time is right. Next, gives you what I like to call goal deluxe level of encouragement. You don't want a training partner that you warm it up for set. He's like, come on, buddy, you got this. Of course, if I can got this warm, chill the fuck out, right? Or every single set, he says the same shit. It's kind of annoying. But you also don't want to have a training partner where you just hit your all time best PR and bench. You rack, you like, fuck gas and training partners like, okay, it's my set next. Great to spot me. You're like, okay, Jesus Christ. Or are you like grinding out a leg press that? You're training partners like, you finally get it. He's like, good job. You did it. And I said, you are fucking robot. It's got to be some living human in there, but not so living and so live that too much of that like, guy that came to talk to your high school was a motivational speaker shit. And that's like excessive. So somewhere with it, especially when you like, where you guys can gel in most people who have a decent amount of social intelligence, if there is a thing to perceive cues and get on the same level with that stuff. Next, big one, a training partner has to give you honest feedback. If you're doing terrible technique, if you're not getting the reps, but you say you are, you're a good training partner shouldn't be like, good job, bro. And then it's his next set. I like all you when it's not all you. I don't want that shit. I want honest feedback. Now luckily, my training partner is often Jared Feather, ice-be pro. He's a mean man. Jared's a mean person. And well, okay, honestly, he's one of the nicest people in the world. But to his friends, he's really mean. I don't know. He has a rationalization for it. If I fuck up a tiny bit, I get the inevitable, the doom thing, the scherth quakes, the mountains crumble, the seas boil, and a hero come on, Mike. And I know that stupid Missouri accent, I did something wrong. My toes came up, my heels came up, I wiggled the bar this way, that way. Jared keeps me honest. Because honesty doesn't mean being a dick, and he's not a dick. Honesty means being like, dude, that was a great set. And then when it wasn't, it would be like, I got rough towards the end. Even gental honest, do like that, to be like, we're spec, they got rough, I'm gonna clean it up. Next time, you have a good set. That's what it's all about. Next is, your training partner shouldn't compete directly with you. When Jared and I are training together, I count the number of reps that he does, so I can say things like, two more, and I usually get it wrong anyway, because I'm barely counting. I'm not count the number of reps he does to be like, I'm gonna do two more than him. First of all, if he's like contest prep, yeah, I'm stronger. If he's on the mass phase, I'm not on prep, he's stronger. Who the fuck has time to compare that kind of shit? There is individual differences in how fatigued you are, in each exercise, we're all just trying to hit our own reps and reserve to our own specific strength on that exercise. So if a training partner is ruthlessly competitive, like if you have a guy that always has to get one more rep than you, that's an insane person, not a training partner. So competitive is great, but like, directly with you competitive is nuts. Compete more on how good your technique is, and honestly, between training partners, I wouldn't even compete. I would be on the same team, like do you compete with guys on the same basketball team, like in practice, kind of if that's the drill, do you do it in the actual game? Because remember, training partners, they're training is their competition, right? You being in that gym floor of a 24 hour fitness, and you know, West Oaks, LA, Subber, or whatever, that is your fucking game time. Is your training partner 40s a week, or fucking like the lakeers in the pistons? Right? Sorry, so then now, you're wrong. You're like, who was going to use Kobe and Shaq, and I realize they hated each other? Oh, King A. Jordan and Pippin, I'll go back on some old school shift, actually people who are not competing against each other, but they're collaborating. So they come direct competition, even in direct competition is kind of weird. They're all there, on part of the same team. Next, you want a training partner that is honest about their own preparedness, which you don't want is week five of the mesocycle. You guys are both trashed. You shouldn't be deluding, and you got this weird, again, competitive bro complex. Where he's like, how you feeling bro? And you're like, can't barely open your mouth. You're so fatigued. Good man, if you're good, fuck great. And he's like, get me two bro. Let me do. I know how to, let's warm up, yeah, great. And you do another shitty workout, where both of you suck, because nobody can just admit that they have a high fatigue. You don't want a training partner that drags you down, because he's a straight fucking bitch. But like, you've got to have some wiggle room of honesty. Honesty about preparedness, honesty about everything, because at the end you want the truth, so you can make the best decision possible. When training partners lie to each other, it's kind of fucking weird. Whatever the reason it. This one, next one, is related. Somebody that doesn't bitch aimlessly. Only some perspective that aimless bitching, bitching with aim is like, hey, this is a problem, let's solve it. Solving, great, no more bitching. Aimless bitching is some, a bitching can be fun. If it's comedic and humorous, hilarious. One of our training partners, a very good friend, someone who's appeared on this channel a bunch for training, a world record power, a left-er of Breonna Terry. She says, I'll do every set, I'll do a wrap, I'll try hard, but I absolutely reserve the right to bitch to which I answered. Garam Jewish, you don't think we invented that shit? Fuck up outta here, right? But it's totally valid, bitching is hilarious, and can be awesome. But breathe bitching is fake bitching, it's joke bitching. It's athlete bitching. For real bitching, man, fuck this exercise, I don't want to do this shit. And you're like, okay, sure they're like, oh man, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. You're like, bro, like, stay calm. A lot of people are just complain about a lot of stuff, and complaining is just toxic, real for real complaining. Joe complaining is hilarious. So, if you got a training partner, they're just fucking complaining all the time, oh man, you know, you kind of picked a wrong training partner, maybe, where it leads at least worth a discussion. Next one is someone you can chat between sets with, and this isn't mandatory. None of these are mandatory mandatory, or someone from a highly recommended. You can have like a silent relationship, like, when Batman and Robin drive back to the back came after a day of fighting crime, I don't know if they're like, so, go to that gala tomorrow as Bruce Wayne. Batman's like, yeah, all right. You're fucking in with my nose there, he's like, yeah, all right. All right, my man. Anyone looking out for? Yeah, this one ditched into your, oh, sweet, my man. Hell yeah, fucks, Cindy, let's get it. I don't know if that happens. Anything just kind of sit there, right? And that's totally cool if you want to be Batman, Robin about the shit between sets and all saying anything, but it's just much more fun if you can bullshit between sets. If you can have like a friendship as well as a training partner thing, all the motivational stuff, the consistency, the adherence, all that just gets way, way, way better. Next, a training partner should I do? If a training partner should I do, this is not a must. Be close to your weight and height, and honestly, your strength. Why? Because if my training partner puts one plate on the leg press, and I put seven on the leg press, where five put seven and they put 12, that's a lot of work for both of us. If my training partner is six foot eight, and I am five foot three and a half, which is my real height. I love starting rumors on the internet, Scott, the video guy. Guys, but for real, my real height is five, two and a quarter. But honestly, it's five, six, but I'm a serious note. I'm actually five, nine. Yeah, who? I'm going to be the men's of that, Gerard R. Training for muscle growth is never going to be the same. My training partner, Gerard, feather, everyone knows fact is my biological child. He came out of my penis. Is that, that's how children work? No, sorry. I'm getting ahead of myself. It's ideally the thing for you to be roughly the same size strength, etc. So you can work on the same machines. Okay. So if I'm five, three and the training partner six, eight, what fucking squat height are we racking out into it out of it? Are you fucking getting me? Like, okay, I'm not doing pull-ups here on your fucking squat bar. I don't want my training partner to have to do a full, wrong, good morning to stand up with my squat. So at the end of the day, it's not a must, but somebody roughly similar size is similar strength as a super important as long as they're not like outlandishly stronger. Like if I'm mentioned a plate and you're benching to, shit, no problem. If I'm mentioned a plate, you're benching three, no problem. Two plates on, two plates off, no big deal. But again, if I'm hexquiting one plate and you're hexquiting eight plates fucking Christ, who's going to put seven plates in the bar, he shim it between each set. That's nonsense. And you reach another problem. If somebody's really, really strong, if someone's really, really not strong, and all I need to use is a term weak, all times kind of native. You know, the person who's not a strong, they need like 30 seconds break between sets. The person who's really strong means three or four minutes. And then it's like, does that person do two sets for the one? They're going on an ice-dough to do? It's better to have things similar, not mandatory, but better. And lastly, has similar goals. And this one's pretty important because if one of the training partners is training for powerlifting, the other for bodybuilding, what is trying to work on this chest, the other one is trying to work on his arms. It's tough because then you have to go separate ways for a bunch of different exercises. And then you just kind of go into the gym to train and, you know, you're not training for the same thing anymore. Like, my wife and I are similar enough height for the height thing to be okay. Different enough strength for that to get annoying sometimes. But a lot of the things like we train for considerably different goals within context, like what we're specializing in part of our ties against et cetera. So when people are like, oh, like, do you and your wife train together? I'm like, well, we're in the gym at the same time. I stare at her, ask a lot, but is it true for me to say that I train with her? Like, sometimes we go on vacation and we just do like a general program for sure. It's fun to have my little bro training partner. My favorite thing is to say all kinds of bro jokes with her, I treat her like a man. And then later we go into the locker room. We discover she's not a man. And then happiness, confusion, tears, more happiness, confusion tears, and then we leave the locker room. That's just in locker room, all that stuff, by the way. So any case, similar goals is really, really helpful. Now, the last thing for this episode today is what doesn't matter in that is experience level. You can actually have great training, someone who's advanced with someone who's a beginner, there's going to be a lot of learning. But that beginner is going to come up real quick to be able to help that advanced person out, spotting and loading, looking for basic technique stuff. Even if you have a beginner and training, a lot of times what you do is you put yourself into this position with the way you describe technique to them. After a few weeks they become a technique zealot. And then they just innocently tell you you're doing shit wrong. And you're like, wow, fuck, he's calling me out. He's totally right. For example, as an advanced person, when you have a beginner with you, teach him how to bet row, like, all right, like do this, do that. Make sure you're black, back, never moves, nobody English, they're okay, got it. And the first thing is suck at it, and a couple weeks later, they're doing it pretty good. And then they're spotting you and, you know, it's all good advice first. And they're like, hey, on that last set, you're back starting to get a little wobbly. And the instant inclination I usually have is the fuck. I birthed you into this world of training. How dare you? I'll birth you back. But the reality is you got to be like, oh, where it up? Yeah, to listen, if I can't convince a beginner, I have a good technique. I'm really fucking up. So a lot of times that works really, really, really well. So you doesn't have to be that you have to same experience level. But all these other things are highly preferred. Next time, when we come back with another one of these videos, hopefully we'll link this one to that one. So you can be caught up. We are going to talk about training partner negatives and how to get the most out of your training partner, including hacking into the bank accounts and just just a small enough money to where they never see it, leave the account, but big enough that you can buy extra burritos and fuck over your friends on the slide. Not friends, training partners, big difference. See you guys next time.