Hey folks, Dr. Mike Isrtle here for Renaissance periodization G. That's a whole lot of words to say, myoreps are a training modality that works really well for hypertrophy, and we are going to talk about what it is, when it's a good idea to use and when it's a terrible idea to use and don't you dare use it then. You guys remember that one time when Gandalf was like, Lord of the Rings one, I think, he showed up to Showa's name's house. It's got video guy, you know this? No, not Sauron's house by the fucker, are you serious? Bilbo Baggins house. I think. And no, yeah, Frodo was coming by later, but like Bilbo was like, nah man, I feel like I'm going to take the ring and what's his name? The Magician guy was like, hell no. But basically he was like, Rubbo Baggins or whatever. She got like sort of dark and light at the same time. Yeah, right? Mushrooms are a hell of a drug. And in any case, myoreps. So how do you do myoreps? You choose generally speaking a way to you can do close to failure for between 10 and 20 reps in one set. And then you do your first working set, stopping it whatever, reps shy failure, you have for that week three, four, two, one, whatever week it is. And then as soon as you stop, you rest just long enough to let the burn dissipate. So if you're doing curls, myoreps, as long as the burn is out, as soon as the burn is out, go again. Do as many reps as you can until whatever shy of failure. Say it's you know, two RIR week, stop a two RIR. Say you got six reps, rest again, go again. You can stop doing these myoreps sets, either when you've had enough, you know, that volume is, it's enough of a stimulus, mega pump, your super tired, stop, or last case scenario, you stop when the reps drop below sets a five. So if you like rest and then you do a curl set and it's three reps, it's not stimulator enough. You're probably too fatigued, time to take a break, switch exercises, so on and so forth. All right, these work super well. Technically, yes, they are a subcategory of rest pause. But remember, rest pause is something that describes cluster sets, cluster shots, for example, it's like somebody in Olympic weightlifting will do a snatch for three reps, and then weight like 60 seconds and then do another three reps and weight 60 seconds and do another three reps, like you know, a three by three cluster or something. That is also technically rest pause, but rest pause in the area of hypertrophy, basically looks a lot like myoreps. That's why we use very effectively the gentleman invented the term. That's why we use myoreps because it's just most accurate term to use. Now, myoreps have amazing upsides, some of which include an amazing stimulus, especially to muscles that are resistant to stimuli in straight sets. Some muscles respond, they need a lot of volume, they need lots of approaches to failure in a given session, and if you just do it with straight sets, it takes you fucking forever and most of the reps are so far away from failure. This is not junk volume, it's just not the fastest, most efficient weight of a cheater goal. But some muscles are really fast to recover and really just need a lot. For example, for arms for many people, biceps, delts, traps, calves, you can myoreps living shit out of those muscles, anything short of myoreps might not be an awesome stimulus. Myoreps really check that fucking box. It is also with myoreps easy to sum up a ton of work that just seems daunting. If someone says, hey, you got to approach failure eight times through biceps, three, like fuck. But if you can do a whole bunch of that failure approaching, it will relatively fast matter. It's always fun. It's always exciting. You're always training really close to failure. After the first set, it can make something super insane, be like, oh, it's reasonable. We can actually get this done. And then lastly, it saves a crap load of time. So if you're super time constraints, myoreps are really, really good place to look. Now, there are downsides. There are distinct downsides. So when the upsides make sense, use them in training. When the downsides don't use them. So here's the first downside. We have to, when we're doing let's say myoreps curls. And we're saying, okay, soon as the burn is out of the biceps, we go again, we are assuming that all of the other three check boxes of our when how long to rest sort of algorithm are already checked, which say cardio is not a limiting factor. If you're no longer burning in your biceps, but you're breathing like that. And the next set, even if it's six reps or whatever, it's not going to be ultra productive because your cardio is probably holding it back. Or the exercise is so nervous system and so psychologically taxing, like deadlift, you just feel super weak after you've regained your, you know, your no longer have a ton of metabolites in your muscles. You just feel super destroyed that next set is going to be basically hardly anything. And if there's a synergist muscle, like if your forearms are cramping to shit, it doesn't matter what you're going to do for biceps attacks because your forearms are going to be limiting factor. So myoreps are only for exercises, which once the approximate burn of the exercise goes away of the target muscle, all of the other factors are already checked for you. And notice the examples of the four arms, the hell runs out of breath training their forearms. It's a good joke here about what you do in your own Saturday night. That's right. Saturday night, you're on your own. I know you. Biceps, like most people don't run out of air training their biceps. If you do, you need to do more cardio and eat less so you become leaner. Dells, traps, caps, notice quads are not in here. Can you do myorums for quads? Yes, but you're going to have to be much less ambitious. You need to like a set of 15 and then a set of three and then a set of two and then fuck off. Yeah, violates our five reps or so, but we just can't recover enough for that sort of thing. So myorups look a little bit different. They're limited. Myorups and squats. Well, that even looked like actual regular squats. Okay. You just set a 15 and then 10 seconds later, your quads and have any electric acid. You get under the bar. You walk it out. You do one grinder single and you throw up blood comes splurting out of your eyes and die. Some exercises, the cardio is such a limiting factor. They're so fatigued and your psychology won't feel strong after them. And there's so many synergists that need to calm down before you hit it again. Myorups are just no good for them. It's like you post a video like myorabbed ed lifts. Everyone's going to have a laugh as you die slowly on camera. But for small and muscle groups, once you can isolate a bit more, once they don't have a huge stomach demand. Mostly local one, myorups are almost ideal. And lastly, yes, you can use myorups a ton, but remember, because there's so many approaches to failure potentially, like a myorabbed set can easily have six approaches to muscular failure or close within just one myorabbed set. And you say, oh, that's not a big deal. It can be really fatigued. As long as you understand that, you can program it intelligently. But if I see you program like, okay, like, lap hold downs, myoreps, rose, myoreps, operate rose, myoreps. It's the whole program is myoreps. You may find that that burns you out and exhaust you before you can put in as much high quality work as you want. So as long as you don't use myorups and exercises, which the systemic limiters are way, way too prominent. A lot of compound multi-joint exercises, big muscle groups, deadlift squats, presses, things like that. As long as you're using them there and as long as if you use them, you don't overuse them so that they beat the shit out of you, myorups are amazing. I highly recommend them. We have other videos that talk about it and give us some examples. In the meantime, go try and out and hey, tell a friend about them. Here's my sort of job for you today. Homework, you could call it. I thought I graduated school. Here's the deal. Go through your phone book and your phone. Find a friend you haven't talked to in years. Maybe a conversation that would even be awkward. Tax them, better yet, call them. Tell them about myorups and hey, tell them doctor Mike's.