Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pairdization. And today's video is about reasons you may not want to copy a pro bodybuilder or the Jack guy your gym can be a stand in because there could be some interesting confounding factors that won't get you exactly as Jack as that person doing whatever it is they're doing. So here's kind of the situation. You see a pro on Instagram on video in your gym in your bedroom. Oh, hello sir. Man. Or just somebody really jacked that you're like, wow, I love to look like that. Doing something. Let's say in this instance, just as an example, it's their turning their palms in on cable flies at the top. Palms in. Okay. You are tempted to conclude as I am tempted to conclude that that's how he got that big. And I'm going to do that shit and get big just like him. And then someone's like, Hey, why do you put your palms in like that? cable flies where you put in it up. You're like man, look, and I saw a pro doing it and he was huge. I don't damn. And then your buddies doing it never wants to do it. Okay. That may actually be the case. The pro may be onto something really interesting and voila, you're doing it. And then you're onto some good stuff. Maybe. But consider a few things here. There. First, the only thing proven by the observation of this pro doing this technique in a special way is that someone can do this thing and have success at the same time. Right. It's unlikely that you'll see a pro doing heroin and math at the same time and lying under an LA overpass for three days on end. And be like, Wow, that guy's jacked away. He's passed out on this overpass. I'm trying to start doing math and heroin pass out and overpass. It's clear that's going your packs. Nobody's doing that. But we know that people who do this with their cable flies are also jacked. We don't know for sure that that's causing the jackness. Right. Why don't we know that that's causing jackness? And obviously for those of you who know some formal statistics and probabilistic reasoning, you know, a psychological fallacy to conclude that because this thing correlates. It's also a cause. But we can give you more counter examples just to fill the brain with good easy ways to understand all out. This could have totally nothing to do it because when you see your prone real life and you watch them do the weird exercise and you watch the packstations going to shit's out to here. It's tough to not be like, man, fuck that. That is nothing to do with it. You just want to be like, why am I not doing that? I should be copying everything this man is doing even if I get some stuff wrong. Hold on a second. First, it could be something less optimal. But the pro is doing it to manage injury. I have done lifting that looks a little weird on occasion. I no longer are trauma track for bench pressing much even though you should be doing that. You know, weird old pecking your ease that means if I flare my shoulders out more, they get less irritated. I'm literally doing it in a suboptim wave because I've been hurt before. You know, the pro might be like, man, I get a much better pack contraction. If my keep my palms down and not put him in like this, but like my shit is just too fucked up. Man, I have three surgeries here five here. And if I do this, it takes the tension off. I get as good of a workout, but it is what it is. Remember, you never talk this person. You just saw him do it. The supplies to all social media, TikTok and Instagram, fucks, why? Swipe, fuck. And every other platform, you don't, there's no rationale when you look at the caption. It's exponsored by Dildo Labs and you're like, that does take something. So that's it. Like, you're just going off of what you see, you they could be hurt and doing something purposefully less optimal to just not hurt the area anymore. It's not growing more muscle. It's growing less. Next thing, it could work well for that person's anthropometry. The way they're body just designed, but not work well for you. You could try it and be like, I don't know. Feels like shit. Maybe they have longer arms, maybe they have shorter arms, maybe they have wider packs, maybe their packs in certain ways years don't. And that that exercise variation works really well for them. But for you, it is neutral or backwards where it actually works worse for you. And there's tons and tons of ways in which this happens. But remember, you're not that pro. And that means that you may not be able to just get a direct transfer like that. Third thing is it could just be one of the many ways to get the same results. Right. That specific technique may make no overall notable difference in muscle size. So even if you talk to the pro for relatively intelligent, really, do why do you do up like this with a shit? He could be like, yeah, it's just something I use every now and again for variation. And they're like, this is what makes you big, right? And they're like, no, no, I don't know. I think doing it this way or that way or this way is going to make you a equivalently big. If you're tired of doing it this way that way, you might want to do something new. I don't think this is the way the thing that gets you big. Actually, I have one of my buddies. He used to troll people who said like into the way you get a big bench press as rear delts. And the best way to train rear delts is like do band pull parts. He'd be like, oh, I got you. How much do I have to band pull apart to bench 600 pounds? And they're like, well, there's no answer to that question. He's like, that's right. Because that is a very wrong way to look at Benching. There's no amount of rear delts is going to get you push to center pound. They actually just need big, chestural tries up. So the thing you think may be the thing, like, oh, he doesn't this way. That's why he's jacked. Like, no, it's just another way of moving up and down. Like a pro could have a white stance on a hack squat or a narrow stance. Heres feet could be pointed out or forward. And you'd be like, huh, that's what it is. That's how you get big quads. You actually talk to them or you talk to a sport scientist. And they're like, it's just up and down of the quads and the are stance matters almost not at all. As you remember, the direct literature as limited as it is shows that leg press stance width basically makes no difference for how much quad hypertrophy or stimulus you get in the short term. Probably hits your adctors more if you go wider. But really, if you get the same knee bend, the quads kind of do the same work. So you don't want to like invest your time and doing this quirky bullshit. If it just gives you the same results, at the very least, you want to be kind of aware and intellectual level that like, this isn't the thing that's going to get you all trajectory. Because it would suck. You be looking like, oh, just fucking thing. I'm going to do this for a couple of weeks. I mean, just fucking shredded jack and finally asked that. That one girl has love forever. And a couple weeks later, like, I look the same. What the fuck is going on? Well, you should have known that maybe it could just make you the same. No real difference there. Another thing is it could be worse for results. So point number four or D here is this could be suboptimal. It could fuck your joints more. It could cause less mass activation. It could allow for less intense peak contraction and maybe if he keeps his palms up the whole time, less stretch. And the only reason that he's jacked in a pro when he's doing it is this because he's getting big in spite of it. These are fucking monster within the same genetics and the same amount of drug use for 15 year straight. My fuck, you're going to be big bro. And none of the time you list this, that shit. That doesn't matter because maybe some of that's worse and you still do it. Like, does this happen? Yes, go Instagram, Amy Pro's training videos and they're going to be doing some dumb shit every now and again. And that, you know, like you're like, I, okay, I don't know much about training, but I know that's half of the range of motion. That's at the top end way too much weight. Maybe I need to think back instead of down. How's this even training as quads? Well, if you have unreal genetics anytime you bend your knees at all, your legs grow, then you're fucking Gucci and you know, you don't want to be learning that from somebody. So it could actually be making you worse. But in a world where he altered and stopped doing this and started doing this, he could have bigger packs himself. And then you're like, Oh, shit. Why I fucked it? I follow that guy. I remember there was a distinct thing where who, which little bridge was it? I think Eric Lillabridge, one of the best power lifters of all time. He was squatting only high bar, high bar position and power lifting. And he was squatting damn near the world record high bar. And he was like, that's how I do it. And then say much about it. And then a bunch of nuthuggers were like, Oh, man, fuck, low bar, low bar, stupid, look at Eric. He's fucking squatting high bar. He doesn't need you fucking idiots. Low bar doesn't. It's just stupid IPF rules bullshit. You can get just a strong high bar, look at him. And then over some period of time, he moved the bar down slowly, but surely actually this very, very well. And then he started squatting low bar. And after a few months, he started repeatedly breaking his own world record of the spot. That's like all the people that were like, see, it worked for him or like, Oh, oh, it doesn't work for him. This other thing worked for him. And now I feel so stupid for promoting it to myself as far as I'm concerned. So that can definitely be the thing. You lots of problems here. Lastly, it could be entirely absurd reasons that the pro was doing that. And if they simply told you, you'd be like, Oh, my God, I feel so stupid. Here's one. You see the pro doing this and you come up to him. You know, like, why are you doing this? And he's like, Yo, real talk. The lighting in this gym makes my fucking interpacks look so sweet. And you see his cross-strations, I just love it. That was doing it like this. But I couple sets like this. I love that fucking look pro. And you're like, Oh, hey, purely vanity is like, Ah, huh? Yeah, that's why I run the gym have fun. You know, I know that all these grips don't matter. So I do the one that makes my packs look cooler. And you're like, fuck, that was the reason that your chest was banging. I'm like, no, can you? And then you feel so stupid for doing it. So I'll save you all the stupidity. You don't have to feel so stupid. Just don't copy people and just leave it there. Learn how shit actually works. Stay tuned to our channel. Hit that subscribe button. Follow some other many, many sharp people in the fitness industry. Learn the principles. Learn how training works. Listen to your own body. In over time, you can take insights from people and inputs from pros. A lot of times they know their shit. And you can filter for, ah, this is probably stupid. I don't know. I'll try it, but I won't have super high hopes or ooh, that that's definitely a great idea. I can't believe I haven't thought of that. I'm gonna take that shit and integrate. Right, but you need to know stuff. You can't just copy people. It's not good enough. The ultimate example of this. See, if we can get demonetized on this shit. Yes, Johnny Sins, adult film star, can do a standing 69, right? Where the girl thing here in her shit's down there. And he's standing up and boom. But if you ever actually try that shit, no commentist if I have tried that shit before, you will realize that it is uncomfortable for everyone. Your quads start to burn and cramp. And no one actually likes doing a standing 69. And you think about it, you're like, oh yeah. He's a porn star. He's doing this for the camera. Because my fuckers get bored and jacking their shit, to just regular shit. And reality actually pleasurable sex. Or you and your partner, or in my case, for me and old Betsy here, use my girl, easy Sally, don't get jealous, right? Actual sex should be comfortable like sitting, reclining, lying down. And to be completely honest, even that's too much work. Sex is hard, box sucks. Don't have it, read religious scripture and be a good person. And I'll see you guys next time.