Back in the day, I sometimes found that machines were awesome, but I sometimes found depending on the machines that like, there's something missing. I just wasn't getting your crazy pump, but wasn't getting crazy sore. Dips, deficit push-ups, have never done me a ball. You may have a PhD in exercise science and an enormous chest, but pack definitely has both. It's Dr. Pack to you and I. He's gonna tell you why your chest may not be growing and he's gonna hook you with awesome tips to get your chest enormous, no, stop it, let's go. The first thing I see many people do wrong is training volume. Look, low volume protocols work fine, but if your chest isn't growing, hitting it with more training volume is the way to go. The card literature has still to find the limit to how much volume you can do for muscle growth and doing more will likely benefit your chest. Bonus, a very recent meta regression showed that even up to 11 fractional sets per muscle growth per session will still keep you growing. So if chest is one of these lagging body parts for you, hitting it with 20 or even 30 sets per week, is a good educated bet. When it comes to your session training volume, you don't want to do everything in one session. So when I say 20 to 30 sets, ideally split those into two to three sessions, so you can get high quality sets very close to failure. Just going in the gym and half-hassing your way through sets and sets and sets is not the way to go. Here's the thing guys. Every human has a certain volume they're gonna respond better to than another volume. The changes for everyone over time, but still some people respond better to lower volume, moderate volume, some better to higher volume. The people that respond better to lower volume are usually the guys that have the best genetics. They have a higher proportion of fast-roged muscle fibers. They're very strong. They have a psychological and neurophysiological ability to push really hard. They're the ones probably with big chest already. So if you follow people on social media, they have huge chests. You're gonna learn that a lot of them do maybe 10 sets per week for chest. And you're gonna be like, that's how I do it. But if you have not so great genitalic slow with which muscle fibers muscles a little smaller, your ability to nearly contract your muscles is in this great, you're actually the person who solution is going to have to be different. And we've actually done studies before showing that people who don't respond as well for traditional volumes usually respond better to higher volumes and not lower volumes. So is it possible that for you, you've been overdoing volume, less volume, move better? Yes, but that probability is lower at face value than the probability of doing a little bit more and a little bit more and a little bit more. And then a little bit more is what's gonna get you the giant chest that'll make her notice. That's right, that one bitch to sit in the corner, I'll always take a note, but you know she's thinking about you. And you know her skin would fit so well on your body. Or him. M, him too. Or they. Or that. Listen, I love comb-bone exercises, like the test-press. And specifically this machine, I try to, yes, the amazing machine excellence stretch. This is turning into an ad for a hoist machine, sponsored me, hey, although comb-bone exercises, like a chest press, bench press, dumbbell bench press, whatever. Are great because you're gonna hit your front bell, you're gonna get your triceps in as well. And you're gonna obviously blast your chest. When it comes to bringing up your chest as a lagging body part, you wanna keep roughly 50 to 60% of your exercises as isolation exercises. Meaning things like dumbbell flies, cable flies, machine flies, pecthing. Any exercise that pretty much isolates the chest. So you can make sure that your chest is getting as much stimulus as possible because we don't really know how much work your triceps and your front builds are doing in any given exercise, especially when people have different non-throkeometric characteristics. Maybe build slightly differently. You may be feeling your triceps more and chest press, sure. Your chest is getting work, but to bring it up hammer down the isolation work, include plenty of isolation work where you can focus just on your chest. Comb-bone exercises, still there, still part of the program, but they shouldn't be the only thing you do. When you're choosing presses to do, when you wanna bias them more to your chest, typically wider variations are a really good option. And it's not so much that they hate your chest a lot more. It's just that they're not limited by the triceps as much. So a lot of flying movements is an awesome direct way to hate your chest. When you do your pressing movements, at least try to find a ham spacing, you can really feel a lot for your chest, maybe not as much for your triceps, that when you're doing presses, they're still quite chest biased, and then you get kind of the best of both worlds. Also, the reason why machines are an amazing tool for many of you out there to build your chest or any muscle for that fact, is because they allow you to trade very close or too failure without needing a spot. The traditional barbell bench for us and other exercises that will require somebody to be there with you, to lift the weight and potentially to assist you or help you out if you fail. Amazing, classic, all good, thumbs up, but if you're training alone, opting for a chest press machine, where you can literally grind a couple of reps at the end and potentially fail safely, is a good educated bed when it comes to maximizing and really bringing out your chest. We're starting close to failure, it's very important. And if you're unable to do that, because you don't have a spot on any given day, or you don't feel safe, then you may be leaving some gains on the table. Tip number three, don't be afraid to lift heavy. When it comes to building muscle, we know that training close or too failure is important. It's very important if you want to maximize needs. And specifically, when it comes to people's ability to predict how close to failure they are, because you may not want to take every set of failure, things get a bit iffy after 12 reps. So predictions after 12 reps are not that great. And that's based on meta-analysis we published a few years ago. So sets of five to 12 reps, even lower five to eight reps, although not traditionally associated with hypertrophy training, should likely be there, especially in some of those chest presses and machine exercises that you can fail on them safely. Don't be afraid to do a heavy set of five on the traditional chest exercise. No, it's not going to primarily target strength, or make your part, let your or anything like that. It will be as hypertrophic as a set of 12 or 15. And in some cases, especially for training alone without a partner there to push you, or at least, G check your effort, you will substantially increase your probability of knowing that you're truly close to failure, unless you're the one freak that takes everything to failure and have escaped the matrix and you're better than everybody else. So when you're training, have your foot chest, this is a couple of cool things you can do to make sure that you stay safe, but it stays super effective. One is controlled the center. I don't mean taking hour to lower, but don't just dump the shit on your chest, it's a good way to get hurt. Another one is potentially tried pausing at the bottom, even it's just for a split second. The highest forces you see in the lift typically in the reversal, and if you can minimize those forces, the muscle still gets a ton of force and everything is still good to go. And for me personally, I don't love to train heavy. I used to back when I was a powerlifter, it was amazing. I've liked more recently to train light, but for me, some muscle groups just love the heavy heavy. And my chest sets of 10 sets of eight, it loves sets of 16, sets of 20, it's kind of like, I'm just getting tired and not a lot's happening. So if you try a bunch of different rappenages for chest, don't leave out sets of five to 10, controlled with compounds, all that good stuff, but if it works, oh, good, my wrong, beautiful, it's gonna have the biggest, compact stuff, look at that guy. Hey, you know what I used to call him? I got a big pack, that's right, I'm nicknamed for people of stupid. Hey, you call him, I'm stupid, hey, whoa, they got a good shout out that in Plotkin. I'm favorite at home in research, right? Ha ha ha ha, listen, I shield for the hoist machine there that I've tried once, and because I want to squander ship, and I shield for machines heavily, because they allow you to fail safe, easy to load, no, not much warm-up needed, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But if your chest is lagging, and in general, if you wanna train your chest and you wanna big chest, bodyweight exercises, like dips and deficit pushups, are absolutely goded for you for your bus and skibiteries ballerina cup of china. Ha ha ha, it's an amazing stretch, barely any warm-up required, super easy to progress, even if you're an advanced lifter. And in general, easy exercises that you can sprinkle on top of other sessions to get more volume in. Even on a leg day, let's say you finish at leg day, you can easily bang out two to three sets of dips or deficit pushups with barely any mental effort required. So get on there, especially if you're a bit heavy or a beginner, you might only be able to do like five to 10 reps per set, super time efficient, and extremely effective. They take all the boxes, and they're somewhat slept on. I, in my opinion, don't be slept with, no weight that was my motto in high school and I succeeded. Don't get slept on, I'm not sure what that means, but I'm sure it's getting stepped on. Yeah, starting our new spin-off service with Mike, Harry Dudes stepping on a use. I'm sorry, I love now. You love that. Listen, back in the day, I worked my way through a bunch of different modalities for chest, and I sometimes found that machines were awesome. But I sometimes found, depending on the machines, like, so something missing, I just wasn't getting a crazy pump, but wasn't getting crazy sore. Dips, deficit pushups have never done me wrong. Your dad is a dip or deficit pushup. He goes out for a container of milk. He comes back to take care of you. It doesn't leave with some other woman that has some other family in Illinois that you don't know about and find out. When you're 21, and he's your dad, and you still try to love him, but Jesus Christ really got a whole other family. Deficit pushups and dips, ladies and gentlemen. Yes, I'm still yapping about body weight exercise. Also, amazing exercises when you're traveling or when you're low in equipment. When you're out of town, easy peasy dips, pushups, you can bang them out anywhere, amazing, I don't know. Yeah, whatever. You can cut that out, it's called, I find it physical, whatever. Don't travel, dedicate yourself to your chest, come on, be serious. Where are you going next week? You get nowhere if you're going to travel, but you better be going to the gym. See you there. So we're going to be happy with the good stuff. That's great. It's an important tip. When it comes to maximizing hypertrophy, based on the current literature, a good educated bet is to emphasize the length and position on most exercises. Look, I'm not saying that if you don't, you're not going to make gates or anything like that. But if you're watching this video and you're desperate to get a chest of world peace, a chest that would end the tariffs and any wars that are ongoing at the moment, then choose exercises that place a lot of tension in the stretch and do your best to pause stuff in the stretch. The pause is not going to take away from your gates and it will likely allow you to be a bit more efficient with the weights that you use. It will make the exercise harder and it will give you more space to progress. Focus on that stretch. War-scaze scenario, nothing about happens. Best-case scenario, more pex, more checks, more sex, more dex. Buy our new deck cleaning system with Dr. Mike for sailors and maritime companies, bull carriers, yachts, and many other types of ships. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a dirty deck, we can clean it with our hands. It's part of the other scheme as well, the step on use. So we'll come and speed you seven, and then we can give you the yawd. And if you have a yawd or a bow, you're pretty rich. Hey, listen, we are chit. You can support us. Shut up and buy our services. Now link in the description. Well, gee, with Mr. Pack, I don't talk all of your devices. And you see the problem is, they didn't work. Oh, snap, did you buy any chance also eat plenty of protein? And maybe at least maintenance calories or in a slight calorie surplus and make sure that you're sleeping like seven to nine hours per night? I didn't do any of those things. Oh my God, but these are the most basic things you need to do. Did follow the plan right on your phone and get the gains. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Did you train for at least six months before USS progress? I assess progress every day looking in the mirror my chest while not eating in any kind of surplus. And I never slept. Did you know why didn't sleep? Because I was in the mirror, assessing my chest progress. Did I do it wrong? I look, covered person who watches these videos and wants to make gains. You must remember that the basics come first. You must be eating well, eating a lot of protein maybe in a very, very, very conservative surplus sleeping in. It takes time to grow a lot of muscle, can't expect massive chest in two months. I have a question. Yes, please. You said sleeping. Who with? With your mom, your. Oh, that's new done. Except if your mom has passed the worst spec and by sleeping, I mean, sleeping in the same vicinity and then having sex. With the corpse with the whole body. That aside, Missy guys, are we literally putting the corpse on the side? It's an effort. Hold up. Joe Gacy, that shit, below the house. My dog, I watch serial killer stuff. But look, if you're a natural individual out there and you want to grow, it will take time. Give it time, follow those tips and you're going to be fine. But don't expect a massive chest in two weeks, just because you're pausing the stretch and did a bit more volume. Do the basics, cover your basics, do your due diligence outside the gym, follow these tips and I would be extremely surprised. 60 day money back guarantee if your chest doesn't grow significantly from what it was before. Cool. Let's say you're a drug user and you're not natural. How does this whole process work? I'm going to tell you right now, easy steps to get you the biggest chest that you can get. Really study in school. I mean study. Pass all the exams, go to university, get a ton of degrees, get a great job, a whole career, make a ton of money, get a house with a pool, drain the pool, put needles on the bottom of the pool, drain facing up all loaded with just tons of trend, who cares what you're shooting, debol, even though it's an oral, put it in the fields anyway, put it in the needles, needles face up, get on the board, the bouncing, diving board, blank, blank, and then just right into the needles and you're going to be jacked. It's a bit of a long game. But to work with. For people that may not have the pool, let's cover that as well. Needles throw them on the ground and just run, run back and forth four times. After that, you should be covered. I'd be able to get the pool of Ocas if you're not you're a brokeie and what you should be watching. The RP channel, if you don't have seven Bugatti's and they'll stop watching TV if you don't have money, get money first, mother, look her. Comedy Central aside to summarize. Now that's the Andre Tating group. Comedy aside to summarize for a bigger chest, if your chest is lagging, do more training volume. Up to 20 to 30 sets per week for your chest. Good stuff. Do compound exercises that you can fail on safely, like a machine chest wrist, but also include plenty of isolation exercise for your chest. For those exercises, make sure that you're emphasizing the stretch, pausing in the stretch, and also selecting exercises that load the chest and the stretch. Good educated bet. Don't be afraid to go heavy in the 5 to 12 rep range for a lot of your stuff to make sure that you are training very close to failure, obviously training zero to reps in reserve. And what else was there? Buy our new deck cleaning system with Dr. Mike for sailors and maritime companies. And also make sure and this goes for any tip that you will ever hear. Make sure that you're eating roughly 2.3 grams of protein per kilo of body weight if you want to absolutely leave no stone unturned. Eat at least maintenance calories or even better in a very slight surplus around 5 or 10% above your maintenance calories. Do your best to sleep at a regular time, same time, sleep 7 to 9 hours and give it time. Or buy our apps, my adab, RP Hyperchop, and it will do everything for you. Yes, shameless plug. You see how it's not gonna enter you keep that in their scald RP Hyperchopy channel, best channel. Dr. Mike, not the person that I started actually keeping that grease. Yeah baby. Six explosions added them max. Ah, it would more work for you, more money for you. Yeah, a commission 10% yeah, RP chip. Detroit baby. Yeah, fuck in Detroit.