Well, I can explain to you why they trained like that, but that's not a good thing for them to do. They haven't thought it through. They're just doing it wrong. It's flat out. MUSIC Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for NSW, let me ask you a question, why does it seem like pro-athletes suck at weight training? And what the hell can we get out of understanding why they seem to suck at weight training? Not the hell am I talking about? Specifically, how is it that I'm alleging they suck? Well, if you watched this channel, we've critiqued a few pro-athletes videos of them training, you know, LeBron and shit like that. And remember pro-athletes did a not weight training sport, you know? And sometimes they're training like really, really sucks. How does it suck? Well, first, a lot of crap exercise selection, a bunch of unstable BS that's not really overloading into stink muscle tons of boasts of all shit that doesn't work all that well. Then they'll have really crap technique, even though they exercise sucks, their technique sucks, really partial ranges of motion, not in the partial ranges that accentuate results, but in the ones that are just easier to do, inconsistent ranges of motion, jerkier, key kind of stuff. And maybe worst of all, an offensive of all, crap relative effort, because even if someone is weird exercises, and even though they range of motion sucks, well, that's a lot of I agree the pro is embody building, but at least those guys go hard, right? They fucking try. A lot of pro athletes, you look at their weight training, like motherfucker was that 15 reps in reserve, but the hell was going on here? Now, to be clear, not all pro athletes weight training like shit, huge fractions. I'd say vast majority of pro athletes actually trained very intelligently and very, very hard, but at least some of these terrible videos keep popping up. So what's the deal? Why isn't this happening? Let's dig in. First, I have to share with you five hypotheses as to why pro athletes train like shit, that I don't think are very likely to be true, or at least very contributory to the overall equation of why some pro athletes train very poorly with weights. Then I'll share some hypotheses that I think are more likely. So first to the unlikely ones, because a lot of times when we post these athlete critiques in the YouTube and post the videos in the comments, we get a lot of people understandably trying to make sense of the shit. And they'll throw out some hypotheses as to why they think pro athletes train like shit. Some of these, I've sort of scraped from your comments. And I love reading the comments in this kind of instance, because it's really interesting to see what people can come up with anywhere between an intelligent approach, an educated guess, to a really obvious rationalization. And some of these are spot on. We'll talk about those in a bit. Some of them, I think, are less spot on. And no offense to anyone, we just sometimes, we guess, I could be wrong about all this. Here we go. Number one, unlikely hypothesis to why these athletes don't train all that well. People will say things that could just a front for the gram. If they lose for the gram, behind closed doors, they train like fucking machines and sports scientists and East Germans or whatever. The thing is, I've been with professional athletes behind closed doors, and not just as the stripper that pops out of the cake at their various celebrations, though I have many times popped out of the cake, mostly in the nude, or in some kind of seductive or I'm tandra that then strip us disgusting. I'm grossing myself out. Imagine a knee as a stripper, maybe almost throb. Nobody ever hires me for that capacity. But for real, I've been around pro athletes. I've helped train pro athletes for a very long time. I've been a lot of places where there are pro athletes training, and I'm helping them train, or I'm just spectating, and you're actually not allowed to take out your cell phone and record them, because well, gee, they have a celebrity status to upkeep, and it would just be insane if everyone was doing that all the time. And I gotta tell you, I wish this was true. I've known some of the athletes that train like shit and behind closed doors, they train like shit. And on the gram, they train like shit. It doesn't matter, in fact, it's often the case that it's even worse than you think. For the gram, they'll do some bullshit on a boast to ball with the trainer. When the fucking cameras are not on, they'll skip sessions and just won't wait train. They're waiting training you're seeing, as maybe the first way training of the done in two months. What the fuck? Don't you do this all the time? Well, no, they're playing basketball all the time. Sometimes they hit the gym after they get a break from games that last longer than a week, and then they put it on the gram, and then I say, and then you know, hashtag hard work, gatorades my sponsor, and everyone's off to the races. The reality is I wish they were training harder in the back rooms. Usually, they don't train as hard as what you see on the video cameras, which is really fucked up, but also kind of to be expected. Number two, people will say look. They already so elite, they don't need to train hard to improve, dope, but they also have to stay on top of their game against the also very best. And many of them are up and coming, very younger, they're hungrier, and they lift hard. If you want all of the best weapons to defeat your opponents, you're not gonna just jettison of fucking really awesome one-by-quake training, willingly, if you're really logical about the show. So you can say, well, they'll already really good, why would they try to get better, because as any astute observer of sports in general understands, every year or two, the game levels up. Everyone on average gets better, and so like, like, Will Chamberlain was arguably the greatest of all time in basketball, but you put them on a court today, he's just a superstar. What does that mean just a superstar? Just one of maybe five or six guys in the league today that puts up similar numbers. How the fuck did that happen? Everybody got better over time. So by the way, Will Chamberlain absolutely loved weight training, and did it all the time. It was one of the reasons he was successful, not the major, the major, he's genetically maybe the most elite specimen of human ever born, but it's definitely as part of his equation, hilariously enough, and back then nobody in basketball really weighed trained, and so not only was he genetically gifted, but he also trained with weights. And all of a sudden he was just like, he just did whatever the fucking wanted. But nowadays, many basketball players train hard with weights, and you can't get away with the shit anymore. So it really is, if you look at it logically, then the best interest of athletes that are already really good to continue to try to get every advantage, including proper weight training. Proper weight training, proper strength and power training can improve performance for all, no matter your level. And it especially is this amazing effect of lengthening a career for a ready-a-top pro. So this reason, if this is the reason, that might be the reason athletes say to themselves and their heads are doing it, but it's not a logically thought-out reason, that's like, yeah, yeah, no, don't worry, this is why they do it. Like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, they might think that's why they do it, but that's not a really good reason. Number three, maybe they're trying to reduce injury risks, so their training will look more like rehab than strength training, because they're trying to bulletproof themselves from injury, they're not just trying to get strong. Well, here's the thing, you rehab to get better after you're hurt. You don't actually rehab to prevent injury. There's no such thing. Prehab is not a thing. It's just not. People say it's a thing, but it's not. You don't go to school anywhere to study prehab, that's nonsense. Prehab is some bullshit personal trainers and PT's made up to give themselves more of a job. Prehab is fucking full range of motion, compound lifts, in the fucking basics, like squats, benches, dead lifts, cleans, push presses, et cetera. That's what that shit is. You strength training to prevent injury, to prevent injury, just reduce the risk of injury. So they might be trying to do this, but it's not working, that's not how it works. Number four, another interesting, hypothesis is they actually are training ideally in us muscle nerds that think everyone needs to be a bodybuilder, just haven't caught on because the science is behind. These guys are ahead of the pack. Man, do I wish this was the case? I could train so much easier myself than get amazing results. It's just that everything we've seen and have to believe, including taking really good athletes and then getting them to train with way hard and seeing the same elevations in their performance, leads me to believe as a member of the scientific community that that's just fucking bullshit. I love it when science gets shit wrong, and when people in the field get shit right, yes, I'm a scientist, but also politically, I'm basically a libertarian, so I have an inherent mistrust of formal institutions and top-down expertise. I love it when some organic shit comes together, and people who really do the thing know the thing the best. But in this case, I just think one of those things, man, it's just got it wrong. And lastly, hypothesis that I think is almost nowhere is people be like, they just take steroids, man, but it's confusing because power lifters, strong men, weight lifters and bodybuilders, they take steroids too, but they go hard as fuck in the gym. Why don't they just take the steroids, they can spare themselves all this annoying gym time, and also lifting plus steroids works much better than steroids do alone, so if athletes were really intent on taking steroids, which a lot of pro athletes do, not all, but a bunch, then if they really would have had take steroids for muscle and strength and fatality and energy, like you can't all that shit from weight training too, and if you weight trained plus-tox steroids, totally fuck, you're a goddamn machine and people really have trouble stopping you. So if they're taken steroids to performance enhanced, and their lens is, I'll do whatever it takes to enhance my performance, nor fuckers would also be training really hard if they really thought the shit through. So what I'm trying to say is, for all these five things that are unlikely hypotheses, even some of the pro athletes themselves might think this is why I'm doing this, and it might be why they're doing this, but their logic doesn't make sense, so we expect it, you should be like, no, no, no, I can explain to you why they trained like that, like, oh, I can explain to you why they trained like that, but that's not a good thing for them to do. They haven't thought it through, they're just doing it wrong, flat out, no. What are the more likely hypotheses to explain at least why they're doing it, and maybe give some justification, but maybe not justification, maybe just an explanation, because there may be no justifying things that are wrong, like not training hard with weights or properly with weights. First, question, who chooses their coach and who chooses their program for weight training? Who chooses LeBron's weight training coach? Who chooses the program that they're running? LeBron does. Nine times out of ten, it's the pro athlete that makes the choice. They just don't know much about strength and conditioning. I'm fairly intelligent. If I go to buy a computer, I don't know dick about computers. And if I buy a computer, and you go, someone sees me at this fucking laptop here right now, I don't know if the fucking is Lenovo or some shit like that. And if there's videos of me, because somehow I'm famous, and people are like, oh my God, Dr. Mike uses this computer must be good, and other people are making YouTube videos, making fun of the kind of computer I use. Those people will be like, oh my God, Mike's such a clown, it would be really irrational for you to go in there comments and be like, oh, I think he knows what he's doing, because he's like a fucking trillionaire, and he has his own deriscible and a fleet of butlers. All those things are true, mind you. Except for the fact that he know what I'm doing with regards to computers, I don't know if I'm cool what I'm doing. This is a laptop that costs like $300 from shit because it works for the two things I needed to do, display power points slides and pick up the internet. That's it. So I could be so fucking wrong, just because I'm a person of some relevance in this industry, doesn't mean that in the computing industry, I know anything. And believe it or not, the athletes who are really good at their sports and they're damn good at their sports. And they don't know a lot about their sports, but weight training isn't their sports. So sometimes they make big fucking mistakes and they train like something and some persons like, that's wrong, but who in their life is gonna say that to them, they get the choice and everyone's like, LeBron, what you're doing? Don't. When other people choose that are better trained and incentivize them position to figure out how to train, you usually get better training. Here's an example. Pro athletes for agency on their own, a lot of times they do wacky shit. What about division one athletes in the United States? A lot of them get the best fucking training or really really good training. Why? Because the person that hired the strength of ignition in coach is the athletic director. And they don't have any one athlete interest in particular. They don't even lift themselves. They want to pick a strength ignition coach that is qualified based on some objective ideas. They want to school. They interned under somebody really effective and they seemingly know what they're doing. That filtering process is usually better than a pro athletes filtering process of like, who's that one guy lived with in college? And he was great and he'd like to lift a weights. He'll be my trainer. A lot of times guys legit that's how it happens with pros. Top pros is just their boy. They've known him forever. Whereas some guy they met at a cocktail party and he talked to a big game. He was really worthy and they're like, oh, you're the fucking man, let's fucking do this. And that's it. And then that guy makes a thousand dollars an hour, putting both who balls together and a fucking hopscotch pattern on the ground. So they athlete can play like, don't touch the lava. Which is legit with some pro athletes do for what they call weight training. Do you want strength coaches? Or usually fucking great. Why? Because the people picking them are athletic directors and sport coaches were even a committee with all those people together and there's people out there that know things. Know things to hire the right person. Number two. One of the number one reasons why athletes actually skimped out on weight training or do basically like, push the fight bullshit is because of fatigue conservation. Lifting makes you tired. It makes you sore and it makes you stiff for sport practice. And if you don't know modern periodization had say quite well, lifting at odd times of the week in regards to practice with no periodizing of practice, which almost nobody does, makes your practice go worse. And if practice is going worse, at my actual sport, the fuck am I gonna fuck this? Lifting bullshit are you nuts? And if I say, you know, like I suspect lifting's making me tired and sore and I stop lifting for a few weeks or I switch to just easy, boes who ball bullshit and five pound dumbbells, my short term fatigue falls, my practices that week and the week after are the best they've ever been. But less than am I gonna learn. Most athletes don't have the scientific education to take the long viewing realized, well, the lifting makes me a little bit tougher to get good practices for a few months. But then it elevates my game so much that when before important games I go easy on the lifting, I'm like, God over here, dunking on my fuckers left and right. Most, there's no reason for them to suspect that. They don't take a second third order of view of periodization. They didn't go into fucking PhD program in sports science like somebody did, am I right? Me, folks, it's all about me. I'm the fucking man. Me, he's got to video guy. Am I the fucking man or what? He's paid very well. Very well paid to say that. In any case, athletes just, they don't might not know that. Kind of shit. And so if they notice a one-to-one relationship of them lifting more and things sucking more when they lift less or easier, they suck less in the acute term that's absolutely correct. But notice that's flawed logic, but understandable logic. It's like, should you go to college to make more money? On the one hand, absolutely. Because statistically, people who go to college make way more money over their life spans than people that don't. But on the other hand, it's like, wait a minute, I'm gonna pay $80,000 or four years. Lucky if it's just that much. To make money isn't that losing money? Well, yeah. And that's a good point. So if you wanna not lose money for the next four years, definitely don't go to college. But you can see how there's no later. I'm not even, I'm mostly against college to begin with. I'm not saying colleges objectively a good idea, but if you're like a chemical engineer in training, yeah, you gotta go to college. And you gotta eat shit for a while. And then it makes itself up on the back end. Just the same way, wait training, during sometimes of the season, sometimes that during practice season, means that you won't be as fresh during practices. You would like to be. But then later when you pull back on the wait training a little bit and you do more practice or more just pull back on the wait training, you do regular practice, you end up being just superior. And so your level as a basketball player goes up, even though in a short term delay fashion, it wasn't as great as it could have been. Most athletes don't think about that, just because most people don't think about shit like that. There's probably 10 trillion things in my life where I'm not using some kind of delayed, mechanistic, periodized model. I'm just doing shit that I like. So I'm taking edibles on the weekends. And someone's like, you know that if you pre-load with XYZ, other CBN edibles, I'm like, my fuck would you go, if we can PhD in weedology get out of my face, hippie, I'm just trying to get high. I'm probably making the wrong decision, but at least you understand why I am. So acute things, one to one relationships, weight training makes you slower in the short term, and the long term faster. But if it makes you slower and more tired and more sore, a lot of athletes are like fuck that. And when they lift easy, pussy bullshed exercises, they don't get any benefit from it, but they get to check mark the green box of I trained with weights. People say that's good, and also my practice is going well. I think that's probably 90% of how that should happens. Number three, injury fears. Big weights can hurt the athlete. That's just true. And athletes accurately sense this, especially if you use shit technique and progressions that are irrational, like 45 pounds out of the bar every week, which a lot of athletes also do, and they have an experience sometimes of getting hurt from the gym, because they were so fucking bad at doing the gym, that in their own understandable ecological local space, they go, you know what, weight training gets me hurt, fuck that. I mean, they're doing easy, light bullshit that I know can't injure me or I'm not doing shit at all. The thing is, there's a dark side to that, is that proper training and proper progression actually reduces injury risk itself, and is a huge net positive to sport performance, most people don't know this. Not only does proper weight training reduce the injury risk of weight training, it reduces your injury risk in sport practice and sport play. In addition to that proper weight training has such an infinitesimally small risk of injury in the gym compared to sport practice and training, which have huge risks in almost every sport compared to weight training, it's really just not seeing this through the right lens. But again, if you're not properly trained, the weight training you do in the gym might be bad for you. Like you see some athletes like dive bomb, dentures and dive bomb squats, and you're like, who the fuck let you do that? Well, that's their understanding of a weight training is, and then they're right to say, it's fucking really injurious and maybe I shouldn't do it. To put it into more extreme way, athletes will think this through and say, like, you want me to go in the weight training weight in the weight room and go hardest, fuck, right? They're okay, right? I don't get paid to be in their mother fucker. I'm not shooting away at $10 million for your contract because I got hurt, pulled my quad in a fucking weight room with no one watching. Even if it was being Instagram, now it's extra embarrassing, fuck that. Your boy's gonna take it easy in the weight room because I get paid to play out the fucking basketball court. And it's like, you're respect. That makes sense as far as it goes, it doesn't go far enough to explain everything, but if athletes knew the everything part of this, they would all be training with modern periodization. And that brings me to my last point. There's this big dichotomy. It seems to be this kind of source spot. And it's like, look, Dr. Mike, where the fuck you got your doctorate. If you're so brain-eans shit and if all pro athletes are fucking wrong, you're right, I'm never saying that by the way, think most of them are doing a great job, but a few odd ducks are doing wacky shit. If these odd ducks happen to be fucking LeBron and fucking Tom Hardy and people that are better at their sport than I will ever be at anything else in my life, maybe I have it wrong. Maybe I'm incorrect. And that may fucking be true, however. So basically, when I say eventually, everyone will do modern periodization. You're like, shut that fuck up dude. These people left you behind. You should be doing what they're doing. Facts, I love it. However, the trend of shitty weight training or no weight training at all is actually in decline. We just see the sporadic shit, for example, I'll give this to you and you can, I can worm all this all you want on YouTube and Wikipedia. We see a lot of violence on TV, on a news media, on your Instagram feed, crazy fucking wars and all this rebels and all this kind of shit, warm on, growing, war worth three. Did you guys know that violence, per capita in human society, has been roughly in decline with EBS and flows here and there are two world wars? It's been roughly in decline for as long as much data as we have. The anthropological record is crystal clear, violence is just always in decline, un-average. And right now, we are absolutely in the most peaceful time in human history. You be like, what the fuck are you crazy? Nope, that's looking up Google, Stephen Pinker, decline of violence if you want to look on it. But otherwise, just like get the research and it's just like this not something that intelligent people who don't have a political axe to grind even debate anymore. Violence is absolutely in decline, not with EBS and flows, of course, but it's in decline. Does that mean you don't see videos of the shit or fucking crazy Instagram reels or people doing insane violence should of course not? Because we have access to six billion other people's telephones and everything is being recorded now. So you can always find examples of violence, even if it happens once at every thousand instances and it used to happen once at every 10. The thousand instances times six billion people recording, that's a lot of violence you're gonna see. Just the same way, there's tons of clown show bullshit that athletes do in the gym, even though more and more athletes are doing proper shit. But proper shit doesn't really get the Instagram clicks as much. And a lot of the athletes are trained properly. They're doing it in D1 settings where you're actually not even allowed to record athletes on a phone. And there's rules about how they can record each other and post various videos. And if you do catch them D1 training clips a lot of times, you're like, oh, so there's people doing cleans and squats and push presses. That's nice, that's good, it is. No one's really talking about them. So there's the situation in which we think that will athletes train wrong according to your doctor, my quote, I think is athletes are training more and more correctly all the time every five years. And every five years, the fraction of athletes training stupidly are not training with weights at all, falls and falls and falls. But even though we do, we do see it, that's where the illusion can come from. That trend is in decline. This is something I say all the time, because it's true NFL linemen, linemen in the national football league in the United States used to weigh about 225 pounds on average in the 1960s because it was kind of received wisdom that weight training made you slow. Weight training makes you faster. Oh and bigger and less likely to hurt and more likely to hurt others. Weight training is the drop that colors the soup of professional football in a completely different hue. It's the greatest, the weight training is the greatest thing to happen American football after helmets and pads. All right, it's the shit. What, how do we know this now? Everybody in football trains with weights. And basketball, they're still coming up a little bit. Some guys do, some guys don't. Some guys train like little pussy, some guys train like fucking animals. In the American football, almost all the guys go hard all the fucking time, because now we know that, but we didn't always. And imagine you go take a time machine back to the 60s. We talked to a pro football coach. You think that you guys in the weight room? And you're about right room. And I see, I just give a 1920s accent fuck. And we don't want our guys slow. Say, hey, it's not a game of speed, son. And you look quite faster yourself. You should put on a few pads and run a couple laps with us. You're like, right? They just didn't know, but now they know. So athletes are learning all the time. Things are getting better all the time. So it seems like shit sucks, but actually there's less than less sucky shit. It just stands up on your news feed. She's subscribed to this channel and we make fun of those people. So what we see in the clown show videos is a trend that's in decline. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro body builders? The most effective muscle growth training I've ever made. Get yours now. Lastly, what can you take away from this discussion? First, monkey C monkey do has serious limitations as a practical, intelligent philosophy for making yourself better at things. So before you copy pro athletes in everything they do, just think for a little bit. Because a lot of comments from people that probably don't follow the channel or subscribe to it, but they're there to hate. Because we're hating. So it's all due respect. Hey, the way, but a lot of guys are like, Tom Brady does it. It's gotta be right. He's the fucking goat. Yes, he is the greatest of all time, absolutely no contention. But the same in everything he does as ideal. I mean, in the 1930s, I guess, was the greatest baseball player of all time at the time. And he literally had hot dogs and beer before during an after-games. Is that proper sport nutrition? Fuck, no. But if we had YouTube back then, and somebody made a critique of, well, fucking the guy who invented the Krebs cycle or discovered the shit is like, makes a YouTube video about babe Ruth fucking sucking and not his nutrition. And some fucking asshole from the 1930s, but he's like, nah, same, he's the goat. And he'll count for Ticke him, because you're a little bit, you know what I'm gonna say, but there doesn't make babe Ruth right. You can't just copy people and be like, yeah, yeah, it's the beer and the hot dogs that make him good. It's not, it's God's greatest gift to a baseball bat that makes him good. And maybe he was really hardworking and maybe he was really sharp and maybe he was really athletic, but shit, shit isn't the fucking hot dogs and beer. So Tom Brady's an unbelievable football player, but it's not the boasts who balls on the vegan food that's making him good, fellas. It might even make him less good than he could be. You gotta think a little bit more critically than this person is the best, everything they're doing is correct. Bullshit, because somebody's gonna be better than them in five years, to they do better than 100% correct, how the fuck does it even make sense? Next, number two. Not everyone gets the message of the best science at the same time. You do, cause you watch the channel, ha ha, but you know, people kind of expect athletes to automatically absorb messaging like, well, let's LeBron, of course, he should know best weight training practices, like really? Why should he know them? Where he's got people around him, but we already covered that. Just as boys as some of my fuckers that are good at talking the talk. LeBron's not a sports scientist, a fuck's he's boasts all about shit. Do you guys ever hear his political views? Jesus Christ, she always held his no politics. Huh, Scott, did I just step in a whole big pile of shit? Probably. But in any case, you know, when it's a little bit outside of his expert area, look, basketball, I want to know what LeBron has to say, but at the same time, even there, he's not 100% right about the shit. Like, if I'm talking to LeBron about how to play basketball, and I'm talking to, Scott, wash, my fucker name that coach the bulls and then coach the lakers, Phil Jackson. If Phil Jackson contradicts LeBron, I kind of want to know both of them have to say, because the avant-garde of modern coaching might be somewhere between them and maybe even closer to Phil Jackson. And so we can't just assume that everyone knows all the modern shit just because they're at that elite level. There's guys at the elite level of almost every institution of every field that don't know some many things that could be better for them. For example, I'm like a pretty decent master's level national bodybuilder, like I've taken sector before, but master's at the USA is, oh, it's quite good. And I'm Dr. Mike, I should know things, right? But like my knowledge of pharmacology, especially ancillary drugs to cancel out some of the side effects of the PDs I'm taking is actually dog shit. And literally I record this after just two weeks ago, I consulted with a gentleman named Jake Benson and you should Jake, B63, I don't forget his Instagram. In any case, Jake Benson just Google and we're looking up on Instagram. He's the fucking man. He told me to take a few compounds that are totally super legal to just ancillary and they help unfuck some of the things that PDs fuck up. And I literally feel 10 times better as of two weeks ago. But I was all smart and PhD-like before this, you would think, well, if Dr. Mike doesn't take this bullshit, that means it doesn't work. No, I'm just a fucking ignorant amist. But I know a lot of things. So if me know a lot of things, these me ignorant a bunch of other shit, if you look at a pro-athlete, you know, like, well, he's got to know the best science motherfucker. It's probably better bet the other way. He doesn't know shit except this, for this. You understand, get in the head. Well, by the way, let's just do this now. Scott, I'm doing this now. Jeff Nippert, hear me. I hear you fancy yourself a basketball player. You versus me on the fucking court. I'm, I'm a half that shit. Cause I'm hungry Jeff, I'm ready to eat. You always to call me back on the McDonald's, all American team that I was on as a junior league alternate. Pac-Man, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm eating these motherfuckers left and right, eat the ball, eat the fucking net, eat up all your shots. Crossovers. Shit. Scott, what do you think? How are my chances? I mean, no, no chances. They exist and that's all I need. Baby Jeff, you've been warned and is a matter of fact-chown. So, but you get into Jeff's comments and tell them about this. I could just text him. What fun would that be? Usually I save that for dick pics. In any case, lastly, and this is a big one. Fucking with a dynamic equilibrium as a trip. What do I mean by that? When LeBron is putting up LeBron numbers, consistently, month to month here to here. You don't want to be the motherfucker that he's saying, LeBron, you should try weight training in a organized, a productive fashion. He's okay, I'll give you a chance. You train me. You make one miscalculation or the fact that he's like 39 years old at this point, or some share like that. He hurts his knee in the gym. You've been making gains for months and he hurts his knee and that ends his career. You just ended LeBron's career. Do you want that kind of responsibility? I suspect that you don't. If you say, well, you know, Dr. Mike, you should be training all these priorities. It's, whoa, easy. That's a very thin, a key thing. Every pro athlete is their own dynamic equilibrium. There's 500 variables in there. And I don't know any of them. And I have to insert a new, very, very disruptive variable of weight training. That is a process. It is a very much easing in and discovery and all these other crazy things. So you don't simply wipe the slate clean with their stupid bullshit that they're doing and go, now you do this. No, no, no, no, that's tough. And a lot of people don't even want to do that. So with LeBron is looking around for a somewhat like trained me properly. A lot of people who could do it, the bastard like, I don't want to dunk my reputation by getting this motherfucker. Fuck that. It's not worth it. So true professionals have a reverence for understanding complex systems or a trip. And maybe we don't want to get in there. Just fuck everything up at the same time. However, over time, especially with younger athletes just starting out, in other words, future professionals, converting current pros, especially after injury, some pros will get hurt. And they're out for a year anyway. And they'd be like, okay, time to wait, train properly. Can't play basketball. How do I wait, train? They get a somebody who's really intelligent. They give them a year to work, they're training in, get them used to it. Nobody's getting hurt, healing their injuries, and then they come back 2.0 and then they're the shit. And then they start prophylatizing for proper scientific training because they're doing it changed my fucking life. So younger athletes, improves that want to take the plunge especially after injury, scientific training is absolutely catching on. And it's a fucking awesome thing. You want to learn more about scientific training? Stick around, watch more videos on this channel. Also the monetization helps pay my boutlers. And they do many things for me, which I'm just honestly too well, if you do myself at this point. It's an insult for me to have to wash my own dishes. Butlers do the thing with the dish washing where I get clean dishes. And I'll see you guys for more videos like this. And more react videos, I guess, will we'll do some light-hearted laughing at the clown show that is training for all sorts of things, celebrities and sports? See you guys then.