Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Adassance periodization. I have a question for you. Why does Keto seem to work so well for Ray-Loss? In fact, it does. And I can think of a few reasons, and I can think of a few ways to make Keto better for yourself that if you're into it for Ray-Loss, you can get even better results with fewer downsides, fewer inconvenience. So why does Keto work so well? There are four good reasons. One is that if you switch to Keto, which means cutting out almost or pretty much all carbs, your junk food options become very reduced. And the way that most people get batter and stay batter is eat a lot of junk. Let's go through a quick list of junk. Pizza, ice cream, cookies, cakes, candies, cheeseburgers, pastas, Chinese food, soda, meat I go on, potato chips, which one of those food or food groups or food types did not have a ton of carbs in it? All of them have a ton of carbs in there. So if you say I'm Keto, when you're a regular person, most people who do Keto are just regular folks not super in lifting or anything like that, they look around the food they're allowed to eat and it turns out that none of it's very junky. And junk food isn't somehow toxic or kills you in some weird way. Some of it is some preservatives, which aren't ideal for your health, but it's a really small thing. The real kicker with junk food is it's so delicious and so packed with calories, you're going to end up eating a lot of it, and that's going to confer so many calories you're going to gain weight. You're going to eat more calories than you actually burn. But when you switch to Keto, I mean, what you eat in calories with, or what you cheat on? Chicken breast and olive oil and nuts and fatty meats and something like how much of that can you eat until you're like, man, I'm full. Because junk food is almost entirely off limits for Keto. That is one of the number one reasons why people who do Keto often get a lot of weight loss because they're able to exercise junk food, essentially completely from their diet are almost completely for months on end because it's caused number one of weight gain and failure to lose weight when it leaves, you just lose weight like crazy. Number two, some people not all get an appetite lowering effect for reducing the carbohydrates and switching to a mostly protein in that diet that's not dependably true for most people, but some people have a really awesome response. Where after a few days of eating very few carbs, they actually just not that hungry. Combine that lack of hunger with the fact that Keto doesn't exactly offer the tasty as junk food choices and you're just eating less food and eating less food is absolutely the number one key ingredient to almost every fat loss diet that's ever success. So if you are one of these people, you can have great success with Keto and almost everyone that has great success with Keto and don't worry they'll be in the comment section telling us about how great Keto isn't that hard. Those are the people who have the genetics that take their appetite and reduce it when they switch to Keto. Some people it just makes them extra fucking hungry. They'll never see them spousing Keto because they failed every time they try it. So if that isn't effect for you, my recommendation is give it a week or two. In the first week you could be kind of recovering from your carb withdrawal and you just want more but after a week or two you might get a very lower appetite sensation and that's really awesome. Use that to keep your calories low and constrain, eat Keto and you'll lose a bunch of weight. If after a few weeks you're still raven us, uh maybe it's not free. Next, Keto can be really straightforward because it could strains your choices. You end up having just dependable choices throughout the day that you can lean into and eat and that regularity that consistency prescribes a similar amount of calories over each day and if you're at a deficit which you probably are on Keto because it's really hard to eat enough calories when you take out carbs entirely, you end up being successful. So you might have a Keto bar or two, you eat for breakfast, you might have some eggs and chicken, you eat for lunch, you might have some lean steak and some veggies and some mushrooms and something you eat for dinner and that's kind of like what you stick to. You're not apt to go and try to find all kinds of tasty crazy foods of pasta this and macaroni that because that's all off limits and because Keto can be really simple to stick to and if you want a snack, you know, you eat some nuts or something like that because Keto is so straightforward and the food choices are so limited, you can make a Keto plant for yourself that's actually really just not complicated and because of stock complicated you can hear to it better because you adhere to it better, you get the results for the entire time that you're doing it. Lastly, point number four, there is a sense in which Keto works well to lose weight which is really fat. But Keto also has this magical effect of getting right into a diet because it lowers your body water tremendously. Keto hydrates plus the salt intake that is occurring anytime you eat junk food, those two things together bring in tons of water with them, carbs and salt and when you start doing keto, you lose your intramuscular carbohydrate stores, they get severely reduced, severely substantially, it's not a bad thing and your salt intake generally also falls considerably. What ends up happening is you lose five, 10, sometimes 15 pounds in the first week or two, mostly off of body water reducing. That obviously is going to come back when you start eating carbs and salt and regular food again, but that initial huge loss of weight can act as a mega inspiration and potentiator for you mentally to keep going because if you start a diet, you lose like a pound in the first week and then you gain half pound on the second, you could be like that fuck this, I'm out. But if you start a diet and after eight days you've lost nine pounds, you're like, bro, what? I'm in and then the next eight weeks you might not lose nine pounds every week, you'll probably lose more like one or two, but because you start it off big and then you kept going, kept going, kept going, kept going, then initial inspiration just leaves you all the way through, then you get the mini gains on the way and it's just more than enough. So it's a cool situation, it's not a bad thing, you just have to understand that it's not all fat at first, don't expect it to continue to lose five pounds every week or something like that. Now, if you want the optimum results for muscle growth, for muscle retention, for your best lean physique, for energy, for athletic performance, doing a more balanced diet that has enough carbs to do what you need to do with your body at the highest level, a diet like the RP diet coach app can prescribe to you, you will get better results than with keto. But if you respond well to keto, if you get that appetite suppression effect, if you actually can do keto in a way that's sustainable, which means you have good food choices around that you can make around keto, you can do keto and it works absolutely great. It's not ideal by a small few percentage points, but as long as you're not trying to compete in bodybuilding or something or be the best athlete, you can be or have the rip-most chiseled physique, keto is a great option if it works for you. But if it does it work for you, remember it's not magical. If you try to cut the carbs and it never works, you get crazy hungry, you get crazy low energy, there's no appetite suppression on the ever and the food choice restrictions are really limiting and you hate your life, stop trying keto, at least for a bit. Try something like the RP diet coach app, try something to just regular eating good, high quality healthy food, low-recalorie calorie, increased your activity, and you're going to get amazing results because keto isn't for everyone, but for the people it works at works great. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro bodybuilders? The most effective muscle growth training app ever made. Get yours now. One last thing you're going to try keto, there are two stumbling blocks in keto, one is the people who don't do the diet properly or who it's not for and they fail at the very beginning first two weeks. The next stumbling block in the last one with keto is when people exit out the other end. Unless you're saying to yourself you're never going to eat pizza and pasta and rice and cookies ever again, in which in that case, like good job you're joined to cult and they don't let you have any fun because only God is fun now and God's just a nickname for the leader. Oddly has a lot of female companions that are under age, typical cultured. My man. No wait wait, that's bad. If you're not an occult, you probably plan on after you keto diet returning back to a more normal. It may be lower carb. It may be more healthy, but some normal food. The problem is is if you have a slice of pizza after a keto diet, the carbs taste so good you end up having tons of slices. You get bloated, you get a headache, you gain 10 pounds, you're pissed and you're like what the fuck? Then you go back to keto but then you're hungry again and you're like, oh this transition phase and am I really just going to live the rest of my life in keto? It's a bad deal. The way to exit keto is strategic. Here's how you would do it. First, when you do keto, make sure you have plenty of lean proteins, plenty of healthy fats and I recommend always, or almost always in every meal, a good serving of green veggies. They don't have a lot of calories, they have barely an carbohydrate at all. The fiber and the micro nutrients are awesome. If you don't have those in the year you should, but if you don't, layer them in first for a week or two. After the end of your keto diet, when you lost as much weight as you think you could lose for that period and it's really getting annoying and tiring and hard. The next few weeks, layer fruits in just fresh fruit. They have very few carbs. The carbs are almost always in the same reload glycine mix so they don't crazy spike your blood sugar. You're not going to get this insane lack of energy and leth energy that you get to have when carbs re-enter the system. You're going to be buzzing everything's going to be feeling great. If that feels good for a week or two or three, try to re-introduce small amounts of grains. Some whole grain pasta, some brown rice, some keen wasmship like that, some beans. Once you've got veggies in there and you've got fruit in there in most meals of the day and some grains, man you're not keto anymore, you're eating plenty of carbohydrates, raise the amounts of those as you see fit to fit your lifestyle choices, your preferences, and make sure your body weight is stable and all of a sudden you're successfully out here off-wrapped from keto and everything's going just fine and now you're eating carbs but they're healthy carbs. That right there should form the core of your diet from there out out and then if you want to eat some BS on the weekend some pizza some chips great but now because you're used to carbs it's not going to cause you to gain a ton of pounds just a few pounds and then after half a few days of the next week when you're eating clean again it goes back to normal and everything's great and then if you ever want to try keto again to lose some more weight well you take out the grains you take out the fruits you leave in the veggies you start keto a few weeks later you feel amazing again keto low appetite you do that for another eight to ten weeks you get all your results and then you ease back out with veggies fruits whole grains and then normal foods and that ease out period and total can be a week and it can be four weeks long only continue to add in carbs as the carbs you have in make you feel good and energetic and calm and at peace in her digestion feels good don't just like add in veggies one day next day add in fruits next day add in whole grains the day after I have all pizza that's too fast ease in take your time and you can ease into keto and ease out of keto and then keto works really well and if it works for you it's super recommended it's super healthy it's super awesome and I encourage you best results folks thank you so much for tuning in see you next time