It was pretty much media changes within like literally five days of implementing. Those two pictures were pretty different while. Pretty wild. What were these media at five day changes? I assume it was trending. I'm going to do a low carb since I was 13. My mom got into it for weight loss purposes and my brothers tagged along their plane rugby and wrestling as well, which are obviously two sports that would also benefit from the average. They're out the years. I just slowly got more and more strict with it and then eventually progress to counter war just as simplicity say. It's easiest to not have to cook my spare goods. You can vegetables. The devils. The devils foods. So you're 20 years old now and you've lifted weights for I guess seven years at this point? Yeah, six to seven years. You were eating roughly how much protein in fat per day. I was having probably two twenty five to two forty fat protein under one. Wow. The first quarter of twenty twenty one was when I kind of hit a plateau. I was also extremely, extremely lean at that point. I started to get some twinches. I was getting a little bit stringy and just flat and depleted. I was after almost two years essentially of carnivore. So it wasn't lean. I was like, I just felt off. I didn't feel on 100%. Did you feel that a part of you being lean was distinctly for the gram so to speak? A lot of people have asked me that. I don't think so to be honest because a lot of people on social media would tell me. You don't need to be this late. You'd look better with 10 to 12 percent body fat or whatever it is. I was training a lot twice a day, six, seven times a week. I wouldn't take a lot of rest days and I'd be just trying to push loads. Have you had you have you all the time? And there was no sort of progression with the rest of my training. So I wasn't setting up a month as a cycle to actually have an accumulation phase. It was just, let me see if I can pee out this week and that's fine. By the end of that, it became a guessing game of whether or not I was going to get hurt. Did you do load effort during this time? No. I did my first deal on like three years. But like just the past few weeks. So I was at a breaking point in a sense where I was just willing to try whatever at that point. What's a lot of trust took have someone coached. Because I knew your guys background, I was pretty much ready to hand it over and I was pretty confident. What Jared was doing. And then because it was pretty much media changes within like what are we five days of implementing in the game? What's two pictures of putting them while pretty wild? So I was pretty confident after that point. What were these media at five day changes? I assume it was trend below. But I just learned from TikTok comments. Oh yeah. Immediately I was just more full. So I wasn't as stringing and I noticed my joints weren't as terrible. Jared wanted to slowly reintroduce carbs. It's just right since we've the title. Okay. And I found my digestion's like perfect with those. So I've just continued to increase and implement those. On top of that we added in pre post and intra. Carlin and intershake. And basically the the gatorade was fine with you a lot of time. Just not with some people. So we just got used to everything. You went from roughly less than 10 grams of carbs a day. Yep. Whatever isn't the glycogen of the data animal. And then to 275. I dropped four pounds. I'm your calorie equated. Caloriequated. Caloriequated. The changing calories, but you added carbs removed fats and proteins. Yes. And you lost weight. Yeah. That's great. He was like you're probably going to go up like 10 pounds. You could see a 10 pound jump with like a gin solors all that different stuff. And I'm like, Jared, I lost four. So it was cool to see the changes. And then I just continue filling out more and more and more. So it was essentially just getting leaner and more full. And now we're just continuing to increase those. But every two weeks we added in 10 grams of carbs per meal. About 50 per day. 50 per day added. OK. Tristan was so overreached. Maybe even overtrained with insufficient recovery. I'm too much training, no pair of decision. And carbohydrates specifically. And enough calories also have this huge parasympathetic response to your nervous system, where they make you they put you into recovery mode. Which is if you're overreached and you don't have those carbs in your kind of permanent mini fighter flight mode ultra high stress mode. And that ultra high stress mode is something that tends to in many people store a lot of body water. But it's not the fun kind of body water. It's under the skin body water. It's not in your muscles, which is why you look stringy. So something Jared and I had been through a bunch. But when he got to you, we didn't know that that was your state. Because there's a lot of people who do carnivore there at equilibrium. They're quite fine. You intro carbs. And a lot of times carbs bring so much body water that they blow up. Right. But for you, you were so overreached. So fighter flight, basically. You ended up carbs had this super calming effect. And the wash water effect. And I'm saying, because in the first five days, you lost like five pounds. Right. So that's probably our best hypothesis to what happened. Training now with carbs. My training feels good. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Yes. I've noticed the biggest difference in my palms being way better. My strength is going up. I'm able to control and race a lot better and have you movements in compound movements I've found. So it's just been progressively getting better and better. I do notice I'm getting more sore. So that was like one of the first things that are one of the main things that a lot of carnivore influencers are advocates, creatures. I don't get sore. I'm always alert. And it's like these two things that are supposedly seem good. Right. And it's on necessarily a negative thing. I was just speaking. So we're in the belly of the muscle. Yes. In a way that recovers for your next work. Sure. Yes. Very interesting. We've tended to notice that people who either hypercoloractide for the first time add in calories. They're joint start to feel great, but their muscles get really sore during training. But then so it's kind of like, if you're carnivore, you get a little sore and then you get a little not sore between workouts. When you're using carbs, you get really sore and then you're really quickly healed. And the next time you hit it again, it seems to line up with sports signs of stimulus recovery adaptation repeat. Go. Slow. Let me tell you guys about the RP high-perrophy app. With over 28 preset programs already in the app, you can choose to make your own. You can modify an existing program or you can just run the programs exactly as they were written by eight personal. This app programs everything for you. Exercises weights, sets, reps, frequency, the whole thing. After every single workout on every single week, the app adjusts to your unique parameters with every single input. We have over 250 exercises in the app with detailed video tutorial links to every single one. You never have to be confused about technique or form ever again. Guessing right now, you're pretty interested in the app, download the RP high-perrophy app today. Where is your journey taking you next? It's just going to be continuing to pass. I'm honestly just following the plan. Keep increasing food. Hopefully, just keep trying to get the weight of actually moving. He's clearly excessively lean still and I'm trying to get it moving pretty quick here. I would like to see about 10 pounds on in the block. It can be multiple mess or cycles of massing. Let me put it in the next basically four months. It's totally cool to be carnivore. But you might want to try some carbohydrates. You're telling us about that and maybe tell us how the average person could transition to a higher carb diet. If you were just going to wake up your gin pop, you're like carnivores, you're really kicking my ass. You're going to eat like a muffin, go to work, sit around, eat some more carbs and your implementing carbohydrates that way. It might lead you into some issues where you're getting tight, really tired around those meals. I think what Tristan did was actually very intelligent because he went from already having gone to eating some fruits and veggies around his training, which would be the least likely time that you would experience the slathering. So if you're somebody who is training like three times a week, maybe start on those days where you're putting in some carbohydrates like Tristan did, you're putting in like 100 grams carbs around the training session. I ease them into that kind of coming from carnivore to carbohydrate based diet. When you switch from using mostly ketones to mostly glucose, that pair of sympathetic anti-fighter flight response because remember, you have a mild, fight-of-flight response all the time on low carb, that's what's keeping you sharp. If that animal survival instinctive technically mini-starvation, but just hang in there. Tristan, it's awesome to have you on the team, hashtag TeamRP, third, you are technically now my adopted grandson and I couldn't be more proud. See you guys next time.