up rest brief one by one two sets of one let's go move it me I'm Dr. Mike what you already know that and y'all my bakers has been DMing he left and right leave in comments get will tennis and on the channel will so great he's my hero his hair is perfect you guys could have great GAY energy together well good yes succeeded yeah oh my god let's hey listen thank you it's better than I could have ever imagined it is there's just one problem we're gonna hurt each other today maybe emotionally definitely physically it's like day wartime fellas let's do it lying led curl you guys will see I put two pads down the reason for this is that this the free motion like curl machine is a fine machine there is a way to enhance you extend this and what ends up happening is your hamstrings at the very bottom get stretched way more because your hips are elevated thus the relative angle of this is deeper and we know from a good amount of scientific research at this point and a lot of personal experience that if you really stretch a muscle under load the hyper trophic response is just way better but it also fuck you up wait what well kind of rep range the first set is a straight set of 19 reps after warm ups the second set is however many mini my reps that's to get 19 course to get to 19 again great getting to 19 my pro-lops her says that's a very poor phrasing I should stop using give him my criminal past you have 20 the fuck dude if I'm known for anything on the internet where we know from one to failure meant I know for quitting early it turns out I'm not a man I'm a bitch and that began to hurt me and I see that's actually an exception why not she's disappointed in you we like like 25 30 even maybe what is 40 why don't you stop I don't know how I'm like I'm a MTV like prank asking could you yeah what two more fuck yeah touch that but yes two more you got this yep and one last one the technique only milk this one out as if you're going to do another slow control gentle that's it now that's trying someone has to do it fuck I do have an explanation for why I train high train the app programs me to hit mini PRs if I just get the mini PRs I know I'm not losing my song I'll be gaining a bit and that's all I need could I train myself and get a few more apps totally another thing is this is week two of my four-week program I don't go close to failure until week four okay so and the last thing is is that I've experimented many times in the past age actually used to train everything to failure every works at two concentric failure when I started going shy of failure I just got better results don't ever fucking come in my general and something like that come on five to ten seconds right yeah three more let's go come on all the way out touch the butt come on let's go touch the butt there it is slow slow rack best got three more take your time take your time I really over it's eat that first now another totally fine two my reps is totally great hey yep slow and one last one boom slow as if you're gonna do another one milk it milk you gentle touch perfect well how old how old are you I'm 29 29 a good age for you it's like a wine yeah perfect enough enough seeing the world to be a little jaded but still some hope in their eyes of that age once they cross the 30s they're like yeah oh fuck me we're to walk yeah oh man this isn't be hell this one you're doing you're doing just great fuck you're like a fridge ram though thank you yeah that's a big compliment it's like like not me like you're just like fucking built my stock will said I look like a refrigerator but like in the best way possible here's the acting coming into play nine one more there it is slow okay why do you think I got these shirts it says leg don't you notice there's like weird space thing right here something like we sweat it's supposed to spell legendary how you supposed to sweat we being a judge I don't think I am legendary we're gonna get wet and think the spell is gonna spell the rest of the world get wet well don't you worry about that okay slow control and that's it relax and that's rest long enough to get about four or five you're okay that gorgeous hair Jesus Christ you can touch it if you want the hair we're just the rest of the yep one more left to make it high quality yes slow control control and you're done yeah brilliant excellent you know dad yeah yeah yeah yeah really assure me that just give you a hug I'm always weird about like the degree of touch like me too threw me off completely like if I'm around females bitch I am touching you for not oh you're always not going away again I'm gonna stress ball man just come oh my god quite an hamstrings feel quite awful extra happy about good yeah if you're like somewhat stimulated maybe you warmed up next we are going to do leg press this but what I like to do is warm up with bodyweight squats because then we don't have to put the little plates on the leg press we could just cook pretty decent up so let's come over here and we'll go in front of the mirror together we'll just do buddy squats gotta ask real quick what's this what's going on here oh yes well these are just wooden blocks that elevate myself and my wife she's a short queen I'm a short king okay and so this allows us to use the otherwise excellently designed Atlantis linear leg press to get a super deep stretch of the pot that's really cute yeah so we will take whatever stance is similar to our leg press stance maybe the little bit wider and then hands go up or like this and then you squat super slow and all the way now I got something fucked up I'm gonna need to sound like plates I have no ankle mobility oh you're one of those yeah we have a solution for yeah well this is it this is my typical ready oh and a quick disaster now our business see yep slow and controlled pause at the bottom and come up and do a sum total of about 15 of these and then that gets our quads nice and warmed up just start leg pressing with a bit of a heavier warmup my knees are man you're feeling it oh my knees yeah oh cuz your knees are fucked up yeah what happened to your knees a lot of time on the yeah you want to put your knees sleeves on for the leg press oh you think of me if I do that I think so little of you already it just doesn't matter oh yep super deep leg presses there's a trick here it's not much for trick it's always a trick with you it's terrible my O-RF's and bottom two thirds only until you need to rest for the myorah so you're gonna knock them out come up two thirds of the way just when it starts to get easier you go right back down slow and controlled with the general pause at the bottom as long as you can go until the heels like while the while the heels still stay on the pad right perfectly send lock rack your mobility is crazy oh thanks so much while I'm cheating because I have weight lifting shoes on wow if you consider weight lifting shoes I happen as usually I usually train my legs and these are socks dude for ankle mobility only weight lifting shoes ever touch my body let's go nice no more is that out? hit it slow control do thirds down slow pause up and lock back which is it man fuck I wanted 17 so bad just think fuck only uh only two more of those fuck I I shouldn't believe in myself as much as I do it's just hurting me fuck I don't get up on me now I'm not just fucking I think the light press just did that for us down yeah slow rushing these slow right off the bat slow slow push rest breathe holy shit two left oh me really the fucking man let's get these good good technique only will let's get it yep slow full pause oh right right oh my god good stuff it's stuff good stuff more more stuff left time to the Nice It's plugged There you go fuck everything for the rest of the days. He's your other day. I'm sure except for the lungers we have after this Oh God, oh, I feel so good. I can't wait to lie Yes, I will get our shirts left Yep This is marathon will Yes Press on the fucker rest oh fuck. Oh good you're good get another one move rest breathe That's 12. Yeah Just two at a time one Slow up Rest breathe One by one fuck two sets of one let's go Move it last one coming up whenever you're ready Oh, oh, God damn it Oh Here's now a fucking wrong Well, have you seen it old movie a Christmas story? Yeah, no, I've had a lot of you left There. Yeah, all right. Yes, I can do what's up, though I think I train legs hard. Yeah, fuck Oh, fuck Dude, that was dope I wish it that was hell a dope man wicked dope All right lungers I'm gonna warm up really quick and I'll watch your warmups just a six-step You know warm up that way Well, yes, so that's actually a really good question. I will dress that on the video camera after your muscles are already warmed up And you're on your later exercises for muscles you've already warmed up which frost glutes lower back Attractors and quads are super warm I like to do at least one set Jay Cutler actually had the best time ever heard for this not sports scientist, but nonetheless very apt a feel set You don't want to get into this with real weight and have the first cup of rest like oh my body's gonna use to lunges Yeah, so they say you can kind of judge what you're working sets in the season apart of that absolutely but since the RPI perched Fiat already told me what I'm doing I just have to warm up to it. So it takes six or eight nice long lung steps with just body weight First couple feel honestly like total shit next couple feel okay last couple feel decent and then I get on this and it's all hunky doing 22 repetitions Quite way too much step is a rep so 11 11 back. Yeah, something like that. I usually do like 12 and time and how many reps? How many sets away? I'm gonna do two. Yeah, you should also do two. I agree Now you have many one more nice and easy set it up again. You got this little slow control your in charge slow up Go and rack you're good perfect once you get the hang of my first year sketch yes, and then you get the hang of it. That's gravy It was really fucking good is this the last time of the day coming up. Yes, oh, he shit not a very long workout. Wow. That's your thing right short in the fact that you know Haha Oh, yeah Two more in your done Yep, slow control last one got to be good Yes, walk it in All right, come on back a little quickly while the quads are still fresh here's what I want you to do will okay I was so you're gonna stay in right off of this like that toast pointed out squat technique you need to get your hands up You're gonna slowly control your eccentric you're gonna sit here for two whole seconds you're gonna come up only two thirds of the way Slowly control and sit when you can't do that anymore. I'm gonna eat a common lock breathe for a bit and then repeat we'll tell you when you're done you like pain Down down slow Up down do not fucking break will look forward there's nothing down there for you to see Up down down slow look forward up up up down one more down slow chest up chest up mother fucker Don't you goddamn touch your life wait Get out of here you're done good shit For the gram You're a tea bag, you man Sorry Mr. Tyson That was fucking dope that was dope man that shit was fun. He has fucking faith I love that So really not that much Exercise, just three exercises just three people think they have to do like fucking 24 sets for the legs We don't know they might but This is a hard enough workout for me. Don't leave me recover from twice a week. I suspect based on your current person looks Bearing since likely similar for you. If someone's like can you do this workout but with You know 10 extra sets total you'd be like dude. Why is you could you could survive it But the question isn't about what you can survive. It's what you can recover from for at least twice a week when you train legs When you get these shirts wet Water or seamen So every year for sure. Seems mostly water anyway, isn't it folks? We're juicy. He's drug free so he can only get so juicy But it's not beans like that. Yeah, you got to use a lot of dogs I mean I got my trainer you on Yeah You know, Vasculary is large in genetic and also a matter of body upper percentage But if I have white fish when they make my skin thin, then you will become runny Coleman in your days will Thank you sir. Huge pleasure. I've heard many things about you before this meeting and they were all true Guys, if you're already following him good If you want to follow someone who is not only Educated, knowledgeable and entertaining Handsome Did I mention handsome? He's also handsome. You give him a follow and if you're one of Will townsters people and you see this video. Hello, I'm Dr. Mike from He's a great guy. Great. Great. Great. Amazing guy Step down. I'll pay you later. Yeah, step down. Oh, and you step up. Son, get in here and meet up proud. See you guys next time. Bye. I'm for Jewish aim. Hi. I used to play in the little leagues. Huh. Wait. Yeah. Oh, there it is. Yeah. How cool is that? That's nice. Yeah.