If you tell people that they're cutting sugar or any other change by the way, then in one or two weeks they can expect to lose at least 13 pounds. You are categorically setting them up for failure. F***ing insanity. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for the RP Strength YouTube channel. I have a PhD in Sport Physiology. I have taught exercise, behavior, I have taught nutrition at all levels. I have taught personal training program design and personal training nutrition enhancement at the Division I University level for a long time. So I'm a little teeny teeny tiny bit of a junior league pretend expert. And that puts me leagues ahead of Dr. Berg, who is a doctor of some sort, no doubt, but likes to say things that have a little bit of a grain of truth and a lot of bit of total BS. So one of his videos has 15 million views, I think, of the health benefits of cutting sugar from your diet. That video is mostly bullshit. I've tried to become more kind and courteous. It's really good. And really trying to understand different perspectives. I'm not just trying to dog on people and be sarcastic all the time. But at the same time, my patience for what I like to call bordering on or over the border of quack doctors has worn very, very thin. So I'm going to clap back and we're going to go through a very, very popular video. It's a very short video of what has it got the nine things they're going to change about you within two weeks of cutting out your sugar. So one would actually happen if you completely gave up sugar for two weeks. The first thing you would notice is the shape of your face would change. It would go from being more roundish or puffy to a inner face. Will your face actually de-bloked from two weeks of reducing your sugar? The answer is if you don't replace that sugar with fat calories, protein calories, or just other carbohydrates, which aren't sugar, like those found in rice pasta bread, so on and so forth, the answer is a teeny bit your face is likely to de-blote because high-calorie and high-carb diets can cause a little bit of low-key inflammation and you lose a little bit of water if you cut calories really hard. So yes, that's absolutely a thing. But that doesn't mean you're losing hardly any fat. You're losing very tiny amount of fat. And dropping is 75 to 150 grams of added sugar is a 300-600 calorie daily deficit over two weeks that really is just two pounds potentially of tissue most of that being fat. And so two pounds from your whole body and if you weigh 200 pounds, now you weigh 198. It's not like anyone's going to be like, oh my god, your face is so much leaner. You might be de-bloded a little bit, but that is a short term. And if you cut your sugar, but you increase your fat consumption, or you increase your carb consumption from grains, then you actually will get possibly no de-bloting at all. So this is one of these things that if you promise people, hey, you're going to de-blote. And after two weeks, the vast majority of people that have cut out sugar and not are in a calorie deficit, or even if they are in calorie deficit, they're going to be highly underwhelmed. So don't go looking around and think, oh man, this is a big deal. In many cases, your face will de-blote a lot if you spend a month and months with healthy foods, high physical activity, and a sustained calorie deficit. That definitely works. Two weeks in, it's going to be a whole lot of disappointment in most people's case. All right, let's go to the eye stuff. You'll see better. The kidneys will improve. The kidney is another organ that gets hammered with too much sugar. Good God. Scott, this is off to a fucking start. So improves your eyes slash brain slash arteries slash kidneys. I guess we'll do the brain thing at the same time. Let's get through the brain. We have an exact visual replica of the human brain. It really does light up like that in the real world. The nerves and the brain. When you decrease sugar out of your diet, your nerves start healing up. Memory is better. Your focus is better. And your concentration is much better. So fewer spikes of glucose, post ingestion of high doses of sugar. Definitely reduce your triglycerides and your oxidative stress. For sure. And a longer term, lower consumption of sugar sweetened beverages like sodas and juices. Definitely is going to decrease cardiovascular disease risk and actually give you all those benefits he talked about. However, retinal vessels, arterial plaque, kidney, nephron function and all of the brain stuff, especially the brain stuff, remodel over months and years where you lose lots of body fat and body weight through controlling your calories and not like two weeks. It's just not going to measure out into weeks. You will not see better in two weeks. That is ludicrous. It's a ludicrous proposition. One out of a hundred people will see better in two weeks just by pure chance. And everyone else is like, they at works. Improvements in blood pressure control. Sleep exercise. Micronutrient intake actually eating a healthy diet. Are the big ones here. Sugar is a legobrick. But you don't even have to cut sugar if you cut calories from extra fats. And that coloric deficit will lead to the identical benefits as cutting sugar. So when he says you cut sugar, you got all these benefits. Not only is that not true in two weeks. You don't even have to cut sugar for this to be true and it can only be true over the long term. So it's a great lifelong play to cut calories from excess sugar and excess fat. But the two week payoff is so microscopic you will never even notice. Why am I harping on this? And I will say this about another eight times or so. If you set people up with expectations for what it's like to cut sugar for two weeks. And 99 out of 100 of them meet zero of the expectations. You're going to get people to get really disappointed and to highly, likely, more high-lake than not. Just stop trying to improve their diets because gay. I've tried dieting, Dr. Berg's sugar thing. I didn't feel anything so I stopped. It's all BS. Well, it's not all BS. Some really good stuff in here. But the promises can outweigh something like check this out. If you're a person, if you're like Scott to video guy and you are like a nine out of ten just total sex machine like you can please the ladies. You can easily create disappointment. If you go home with a girl from the club concentrally everyone's using protection. And you're like I'm the greatest person to ever have sex with anyone. Sure enough, you're almost certainly going to disappoint. You don't have to make these crazy bombastic allegations just do a good job. In and out a few times, you smoke a cigarette. You've got to be a coffee and never talk to that person again. That simple. Two weeks does almost nothing for almost everything and it's just not a good idea to tell people things that are not true. I've been next to you going to notice that you're going to get up a lot last during the night to pee. Okay. Why is that? Because water follows sugar. If you take in a diet higher of sugar than normal, but you don't consume extra fluids, that sugar goes into your muscle and liver glycogen stores and builds them up. And actually pulls water out of your bloodstream where your kidneys access to pee it out eventually and into your muscles. So if you want to pee less at night, just for one night, don't do this all the time because it'll make you fat. Eat a lot more carbohydrate. You'll get really thirsty. Just go to sleep. You'll pee hardly anything at all that night. You'll wake up nice and dry. Bodybuilders do this before bodybuilding shows all the time. So it's actually backwards to say that the sugar is causing the pee. The number when it is going to happen is again, if you're chugging soda before you go to bed or just fluids and if you have like legit really something wrong with your excretory system and maybe and probably if you have very uncontrolled diabetes, if you have very uncontrolled diabetes, you need to be getting out every medication and got for that shit and you need to be losing probably dozens of tons of pounds of weight and trying to gain dozens of pounds of muscle with serious, serious intervention. Dr. Berg videos are not going to cut it. And two weeks is not going to do fucking dick for you. And all we did is cut the sugar out and they slept to the entire night. Who's we, mother fucker? You got a very research lab. You're not publishing data from somewhere. I'm just getting snarky but seriously folks. Jesus Christ. Your inflammation, pain, and stiffness is going to also improve. You guys see this sign of scream. More energy. How the hell do you get more energy from cutting calories? I'll tell you how. You're eating calories in such an access that you get this yo yo effect of high sugar and then nothing and then high sugar and nothing. You're just eating candy every few times a day. If you cut that out, it will give you more sustained energy. But if you're already eating either lots of food throughout the day or you're eating a very good controlled calorie diet, you can eat all the sugar that you want and not have any kind of energy change. And as a matter of fact, when you cut sugar and you cut calories, you can predictably get a little bit less energy. It feels a little bit serene kind of calming but it sure a shit is not more energy. And as a matter of fact, if you do lots of fruit toasts from a specially natural sources, like fruits, the fruit toast is an incredibly slow digesting carbohydrate, which allows you to actually experience very sustained energy throughout the day. So a lot of people are like, well, I'm cutting out my fruit because Dr. Berg says sugar is bad and they'll get less energy and it'll be even less sustained bad news. Cravings between meals definitely can reduce if you reduce your sugar, but if you reduce your calories too, the loop goes backwards and the cravings are back just the same, arguably more intense. What really controls cravings much better is having sugars that take longer to adjust, like sugars from fruits, having whole grains and increasing your proteins. If your idea of a meal is a bag of skittles, yeah, your cravings won't hurt that much if you stop eating skittles and replace them with a high protein snack, like a protein bar, or something like that. But other than that, your cravings are not going to go away when you reduce sugar because if you've actually successfully reduced your calories, you get nothing out of it. Next, stiffness, pain and inflammation. If you lose lots of weight, potentially through cutting sugar, but you can cut zero sugar and lose all the weight just by dragging your overall fat consumption and controlling your carbohydrates, you can even leave all the sugars in your diet, most different fruits, and even some candy, and you can cut how much grain you're taking in. That's not sugar. Those are starches. And you can have the same identical effect on improved arterial health, improved pain, and improved inflammation. If you cut your sugar for two weeks, precisely almost none of this will happen because it's losing lots of weight and staying leaner for months and months and months that makes measurable impacts in this. It's the idea that if you cut sugar for two weeks that your arteries are notably healthier, is pure, wacky nonsense. Now let's get to the major claim here. And you'll lose at least 13 pounds in the first one with two weeks. Scott, when I was prepping for this video, I tried to figure out a nice way to say these things. How did that go? I failed. And I will fail again in front of all of you. At least 13 pounds in one to two weeks from cutting out sugar from your diet. Mangio, he didn't say if you could replace it with grains or fats, which most people will do anyway, as soon as they get hungry and realize they can't have sugar, but they look at the oatmeal thing. And it's like, oh, it's got basically no sugar in it. I'm good. Is fucking insanity. Why? Because 13 pounds of weight, even if we allow for five or even seven pounds of body water from cutting sugar is so outside of realism, because if you have seven pounds of body water, and after one or two weeks, maybe maybe if you really broke your calories off, you lost three or four pounds of body fat, which is a lot. I mean, that's really, really optimistic you guys. We're talking about 10 or 11 pounds of weight lost in two weeks. Their language specifically that was used in one to two weeks at least 13 pounds. Scott, if he said at most 13 pounds, you'd be like, that is a way sensible. At least, just totally insane. And why am I so pissed about this? This is not some kind of like, uh, just like, actuarial error. Yeah, it's just got the wrong. He carried the one or whatever. He carried the, he carried the decimal point too far one this way or that way. If you tell people that you're cutting sugar or any other change, by the way, that in one or two weeks, they can expect to lose at least 13 pounds. You are categorically setting them up for failure. Not failure in the real world, because they still cut out sugar, and maybe got a little bit tiny bit healthier, and are on their way to get even healthier still. Cool. But if you expect that success at least, at least, fuck. Looks like 13 pounds of lost weight. And you lose an ungodly, unboleivable rock star 10 pounds on the first two weeks, most of it through body water, a little bit, but a significant amount through body fat, you're going to consider yourself a failure. And you're going to do one good thing and one bad thing. The good thing is you'll probably stop Dr. Bird's fucking dumbass insanity, because you're going to be laying it in work. Like he said, it would. At least, remember, the bad thing is that you are very likely to have a very serious deprecation of your internal confidence to succeed against the will of your body. Fundamentally, the unhealthiness metabolic syndrome and obesity epidemic in the United States and much of the world today has a huge pin in it of people feeling disempowered about even trying to help themselves. They tried these wacky stupid diets, these quirks from these fake doctors on the internet, and they didn't work. So they're like, I, you know, I'm big bone. It just didn't work for me. And for some people that's true, but for most people, it's not. So what we want to do is give people really good advice. Very realistic, minimalist expectations and encourage them to have a confidence developed about their ability to eat better and see results. If someone tells you, hey, you clean up your diet and a few weeks later, your pie field, but better and a few months later, your pie field, a lot better, look better in your doctor, say your blood works better. Actually, it's going to happen. They're going to work through that and be like, dude, I got this man and then there I'm that journey to health. And they might actually succeed in really changing their bodies for the better. If you tell them, hey, minimum 13 pounds, they're going to suck at it because everyone will, they're going to fail at it and they're going to be like, I'm in it didn't work. And enough trying fitness things and health things that don't work gets most people to abandon the endeavor. Look around, go to Walmart, go to the mall, go to anywhere where there's humans in America. How many people do we want giving up on fitness? How many people already gave up on fitness? This kind of shit is not helping the process. Period. Where am I Scott? Parks, congruent to that in cholesterol. Well, you won't believe what fat doesn't have to convert to when you eat it already, fat. And if you eat cholesterol, it doesn't have to convert once again. So the target is carbs converting, but where is the video and giving up fat for two weeks? Nobody talks about that because it's also a bad idea. You want to give up junk food for two weeks and maintain a healthy diet and you're going to want to go more than two weeks. This whole two weeks nonsense is the biggest problem with this. Do this for two weeks? Why? What's going to happen? Almost nothing. You need a long term sustainable habit building, not two week. Fuckin quirks that do basically nothing. God, what else is same? Mostly fat in your liver. Scott, what's that person thinking? Oh, darn, these were my good genes. It's came from carbohydrates. Most of the fat that stored in your liver came from carbohydrates is what I like to call scientifically make belief. This is a statement that was just made up. It has no basis in reality. The extra fat around your liver and in your internal organs came from poor sleep, high stress and like generations of dog shit eating and gaining way too much fat and not being physically active enough. That's what did it. What kind of food leads you to store fat in your liver? Every kind of food you eat in a caloric excess. Targeting sugar by itself is just make belief nonsense. You guys, it's just nonsense. And I'm not talking weight. I take everything back. Scott, there's a blonde woman eating salad and she's ecstatic about it. I'm on the bottom now. We're not even second blonde woman. It's the second blonde woman so happy. Do you like I think I kind of want to like, copyright with her and I believe this man. I'm on her team. If she supports Dr. Berg, I'm cutting out sugar for two years. Salad, cargo, high traits. I'm talking about the Oh, yes, that technical term, salad, carbohydrates. All that school for nothing, Mike. Good job, buddy. Rains, the breads. Scott, you see the goal post shifting here? Who talk about cutting sugar? And now we're talking about grains and breads, which are mostly starches, which are not sugars, by definition. So like, just just help me understand what the fuck we're even talking about here. Scott, am I swearing too much? No, we believe it now. Believe it. We are more believing. Get the bleeper out. You're believing, bleeper. All right. We got some, okay, lose weight. That was BS. You'll lose a little bit of weight. You have to keep that sustained. Number eight popped up at us. Better skin. Yes, if you're overeating, very processed sugar. Sometimes through IGF1 effects, you get more pimples. But if you continue to eat a more or less junk food diet, you're going to hardly notice anything for your skin whatsoever. And again, this is one of things most people will not notice any effect on the skin from cutting out sugar in two weeks. And if you tell them they will, it can really get them in the door. One of these things that this does really well. There's really gets people who have thinking maybe I should cut out sugar. It'd be like, oh my God, Scott, can you imagine being a regular person watching one of these? You're like, this is amazing. I'm going to do it now. And just a gigantic disappointment, because most of the shit will not happen to you, file it under better skin. Dwarps and of all these nutrients, including amino acids, to build proteins. So if you had an atrophy before, that looks like salite. Your legs are your butt. Scott, are we keeping track of how much whole lansense he just said in one sentence? It's it becomes hard because just so much put together. Atrophy doesn't look like salilite. Atrophy is when your muscles are small. Satellite is because you have a combination of access fat and loose skin. What the hell is going on here? Also, increasing your carbohydrates via the insulin pathway helps to bring more amino acids into your muscles and build a more muscle protein, having more sugar builds more muscle than less sugar. Period end of conversation. If you want to tell people that by cutting calories, over the long term, they're going to experience better insulin sensitivity, less insulin resistance, and thus a higher ability to build muscle in the future. But after two weeks of cutting sugar, measurably, you experience zero changes in insulin resistance. For that to happen, you have to do this for weeks and months and your body fat stores have to come down. If you ideally are training with weights and eating a higher protein diet and your muscle comes up during that same time, you're going to be good to go. But if you want the biggest muscles that you can have, you eat a diet that can be quite high and sugar, higher is better for a little while, grow a bunch of muscle, a little bit of fat, switch to a diet that lowers the calories, and then on the back end, you lose the fat, keep the muscle, keep training, keep the high protein diet, and then you switch to another gain cycle. It's the gain cycles that add most of the muscle, and sugar is better for gains than not sugar. Carbohydrates are atabolic. That's why body builders eat 800 grams of them, shit a day and shoot insulin on top of that to get the carbs to do more of that stuff we want. So pretty much everything he said in the sentence is just two dogs having gentle relations behind a dumpster level of dumb. I didn't mean to shit on dogs. They deserve to have their dumpster time, you guys. All the sudden that starts improving, you get more muscle. Scott's that looks like muscle you. I mean, it looks like I want to get to know whoever that person is. I don't give a shit what gender they are. So girl, same, that's skin. Also, there's not a goddamn thing wrong with salio. Yeah, I said it. And you get a better body shape. Oh, why the grains of truth in this are that if you're eating a diet that is too many calories and the reason it's too many calories, one of the big reasons is that you're consuming a lot of access sugar mostly through junk food, only through junk food, kicks and cookies, and ice creams, juices and full sugar sodas. If you cut that down and get the calories to a deficit to start losing weight over weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and months and months and years, you are going to see tons of health improvements. It will transform you. If you expect that shit to happen in two weeks and you don't even account for the calories like they didn't in this video, you can expect to be insanely disappointed with Dr. Berg's advice. And if you want to be more disappointed with lots more of advice, you can tune into his YouTube channel where he says lots of other usually insane wrong things. We're all trying our best. My suspicion is the Dr. Berg is trying his best to get as many people into his funnel to saw you supplement or whatever the fuck he sells. Listen, we all got something to sell. The RP Hyperchrophy app comes with dozens of pre-made programs from two days of training per week all the way up to six days of training with specialized programs included for shoulders, arms, chest, back, legs, abs, and glutes. Click on the link in the description of this video to get started. Giving people illusory false hope is a bad idea. There's nothing wrong with sugar. If most of your sugar comes especially from fruits, it's actually really healthy. If your sugar even if it comes largely from artificial sources, is within the context of a high protein, otherwise high nutrient, lots of veggies and lean meats and stuff. Calorie-controlled diet, you will see functionally zero negatives. Sugar is not the enemy. Access consumption that leads to very high chronic body weight is if you can take medications like tersepotide, if you can control your diet, if you can do a regular exercise protocol and put on muscle and get your physical activity up to 10,000 steps a day and keep it there, that is what's going to make a big difference. Cutting out sugar for two weeks and ing on-doship. Anyway, thanks for tuning in. Sorry for all the yelling. Click on another video after this, maybe hopefully one pops up over here and try to get some positivity in your life. You know, I feel dirty. I'll see you guys next time. I'm going to go shower in pure sugar.