Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization, and I'm hitting you with another hypertrophy myth. And the myth today is that training must has to foreshore be ultra hard if you're serious about growth. We'll talk about what this myth really is and what people are saying. We'll talk about the sort of silver lining that maybe it does make some good points. Talk about the bad stuff in ways in which it really is a myth and it will sort of wrap it all up by talking about a little real talk of what you should take away from a video like this. The idea is that training has to be super hard for your grow and or just grow at your best and any training that doesn't push the limits is suboptimal. And you'll see this in a whole lot of social media comments of like, oh, he didn't look like he was that close to failure or like these guys don't scream. And then you get embellished. The social media content, we're bodybuilders yell after every rap of like extensions and stuff like that and hashtag hardcore and triple drop sets and all this other stuff. And every session we go to war and every session, everything is the failure all the time because that's how you get results. And if you don't get results trying like that, your results aren't the best or you're not serious. Okay, that's an interesting idea. The silver lining here is that for intermediates and for advanced trainees on occasion testing the limits is a very good idea. We know scientifically that the best growth occurs just before the limits. Three, two, one reps in reserve, one three or two or one reps away from muscular failure. But going to one and then zero reps away from failure and two failure itself on occasion, the one, seven, mesocycle at the very end is a good way to make sure that what you think is three, two or one reps away from failure actually is because you could be said guessing it could be kidding yourself. What you think is three reps away from failure is really six, which is not so uncommon. So occasionally pushing and is a good idea, at least for that reason. Occasionally pushing it, it also have some unique growth benefits. We're really pushing it to your limits and a little beyond your normal limits can maybe cause a type of growth, maybe via satellite cell recruitment that is special and is qualitatively different type of growth that you just would never get training normally. That's speculative, but the speculation is reasonable enough for us to at least consider, you know, we're not 100% sure that training with two hour all the time is the best gains. To make a occasion we could really really push it to see if we can get any of that kind of growth, right? And for folks that do this, the last week or weeks of a program often the last week or the last two or just kind of be brutal, especially that last week, everything is one or zero reps away from failure and it's just like, you're going to metaphorical war at that point. Lots of screaming, lots of crying, lots of laying in a puddle of your own sweat, make it a sweat, angel in the gym. That's a thing that has to happen. I get to, it gets flagged from all sides when you're in social media and you're a big deal celebrity like me. You get crisis from both sides, so one of the things we get in our YouTube videos, you know, every Monday will show a training video. And one of the things is we say, like, hey, like, don't train like this all the time, this is towards the end of a mesocycle, usually you know, we train at some more ups and reserve than this and it's not all triple drops that's to failure. People will say, you know, this is really too much and there's an affordable guy that comes in as Ken and Nadi recover from this, like shut up, everyone's clapping at these Nadi. Thank you, clap them out, get out of here. And people seem to think like any time you train hard or you're doing something wrong, you're going to kill yourself. So the good part of this train hard idea is that it normalizes the idea that at least sometimes you should be training hard, that's okay. I get a lot of flack for throwing up after leg workouts and the, you know, is that something you want to do every leg workout? No, and I don't do it every leg workout, but I'll do it every now and again because I just have to throw up because I'm going that hard and there's nothing wrong with that on vacation. You throw up every now and again, it's not going to rip your softest open and I'll likely hurt it's not going to rot your teeth to shit. That's a few, throw up multiple times into every day like a bulimic or something. So yes, there are times where pure brutality is the evidence-based prescription. And yes, I know that evidence-based in some circles has this sort of monotonic and that's the ties like you just do like extensions and you're, oh, I can feel that. That's all right. And you stop and you write your notebook with your pencil, you get your calculator, your book nerds shit. And yeah, it's just not the way it is. Real scientific training, on occasion at the end of a mezzo will be like nuts, multiple sets, two failure or close, throwing up laying on the ground, barely able to walk, convulsing all the stuff, you know, somebody like Trevor Fullbright who you've seen in this channel who trained super hard and a super evidence-based stuff like that. Like it's, it's, it's tough out there. So yes, that is a true thing. However, the bad stuff, the stuff that makes this myth well, myth. First, not all training has to be to the limits. People say like, do I take every set of failure, every exercise, I take one set of failure, every session, I take at least one set of failure and really like just grind that. It turns out that training three, two, one reps away from failure is amazing. And that's not to the limits and it works really well. And people can say, well, hold on a second, how do we know it works? Well, we have tons of direct studies on it now that compare training shy failure and training two failure and the training shy failure almost always beats the training to failure in the compared groups. And then people will say, well, now hold on a second. A lot of times that these are beginners. So the group that thinks the training three ups away from fail is really training like six reps away from fail. Like, yes, that's true. And the group that's training two fail is training like really three ups away from fail. No, yes, that's true. And they're like, so see that doesn't work. Like, no, it works even better than you thought it did. Because now, we have a six RIR in reality group, beating a three RIR group. Six RIR is better than three RIR. Yeah, for beginners, maybe. Then I say, you should go train a six RIR. Yes, I have. If it's your first six months of training, absolutely. Certainly to solidify your technique and you will get great gains that are gains that if you went close to failure. Now, actually get more advanced. A shit doesn't cut out anymore. An actual three RIR is where you want to be. But people try to wiggle around this. The research is very clear that, you know, what's going all the way to failure is not the best idea. And then I'll say, well, my favorite bodybuilder does, well, that's because you're cherry picking your favorite bodybuilders. And then I'll say, well, what about Dorian? What about Ronnie? I didn't go to failure all the time. What about you, color? Jay Cutler is on record saying he maybe has never trained to failure. People like to bring up people like JP and people like Dorian and say, oh, see failure training's the best. But like there's tons of other great bodybuilders, tons of other better bodybuilders that don't go to failure all the time. And you're just like cherry picking the fuck out of them. So like just a minute, you think going to failure is hardcore and being hardcore is fun. That's the only reason you think that is no, you haven't put any thought into it. Don't pretend your feelings are thoughts. Next, some muscles that you have just have very low volume landmarks that just don't need a lot of volume to grow. And any more volume than what you can put in gets you overlapping soreness, which means your muscles never really heal and degrades performance over time and can cause injuries. It can just have you have an abad time and actually losing muscle and maintaining muscle at the expensive, your tissue integrity. So like if you can do three sets of hamstrings twice a week and barely recover from soreness each time you train in your hamstring progression is amazing. That's all you need. And we'll actually have questions and people say like, am I doing something wrong? Like I just do three sets of hamps and it blows me away. No, no, no, you're lucky that your volume landmark marks are so low. You need so little volume to stimulate a muscle properly and you're doing everything right? Like if only all the rest of our muscles only needed six sets a week to grow maximum. Like holy shit, I'd take that fucking pill. But that's not the case. But you have people in a situation where they see their favorite, you know, Instagram influencer claim to train 25 sets to failure every week or some shit. And they look at that think of fuck man, like, how I want to do that? And that seems cool. And I guess that's how you grow. And then their own body only recovers to something like six sets of nine sets. And they go damn like am I doing something wrong? And no, no, like the you only can only train to what your body can recover from. Now can you work on your recovery separately? Get more sleep, get more food, et cetera, to potentially increase how many sets you can survive? Yes, that's totally worth your time. But whatever that number is going to be, after you make all those adjustments, that's just what it's going to be. And there's no reason for you to feel weird about like, well, I just can't train that much. That's great. That's actually good thing. And people who have more fast, which muscle fibers proportionally, people that are larger and stronger, actually have lower maximum recovery volumes on average. So many if you're favorite body builders don't train nearly as much as they would if they were smaller. So because you can train a very small amount, oftentimes that's indicative of the fact that that's a gifted muscle group for you. And then it may actually get much bigger over time. That's the people that can do 30 sets for their arms and legs every week. Then it generally endurance type, build small people that will never get that much bigger. You'll talk. So don't have a worry about your volume landmarks. They are what they are. Seek to improve them through recovery and through nutrition and through sleep and all that stuff. But after that, don't try to train more because it feels more awkward. You can only train to how much you can recover any more as a stupid idea. Next. On some exercises, failure looks really dramatic. You're pulling an eye, you're screaming and blood squirting out of your eyes and all that good stuff. But on some exercises, failure just doesn't look very dramatic. And you could try to push down and you go, oh, that's it. That's it. That's failure. And you don't have to embellish it and scream and crying yell. And that's not what causes muscle growth anyway. So as long as you're being honest with yourself in your own head and pushing yourself as hard as you think you can go and occasionally testing the waters and going harder, that's all it has to happen to make sure each set is of a high quality, especially on your peak week when you're trying to push really, really close to failure. If you have a doubt in your mind about how hard you're pushing yourself, definitely try pushing yourself harder. But if you really are just failing without a lot of emotion externally visible, don't worry about it. That's all for the cameras anyway and it doesn't matter what your face looks like as long as you're really trying you're good to go. But if you're one of these people that fails rather and dramatically, you can feel like you're missing out and that's not something you should be feeling. I mean, out in this case, anyway, whenever it runs at the party and you're at home playing World of Warcraft, yes, you should feel like you're missing out, you fucking loser. I'm just kidding. I was never intelligent enough to play World of Warcraft. It actually turns out you need friends even to do that. So I said at home and read the encyclopedia. That's only partially a joke that describes me at age 10. Anyway, another one, going hard, psychologically, the grind, the screaming the yelling, causes a huge amount of psychological fatigue. That's a technical term for that. A psychological arousal. That's a calm YouTube. I know you get aroused easily. Yes, what you're talking about, a sexual arousal, but there's general emotional arousal, which is that feeling. But that feeling causes a ton of psychological fatigue and we know that fatigue is all interrelated. So you get generated a ton of fatigue, just by trying hard psychologically, they can spill over to the rest of your training. We know this is true because if you generate a lot of psychological fatigue, not even training, you can spill over into the rest of your training or recovery. If you have a two hour long fight with your girlfriend, not physical fight, emotional fight, boy, do those hurt worse. Then you may find yourself completely drained and unable to really have good workouts and you need a couple of days of deal with. That's how much poison psychological fatigue can introduce into the system. Now, if you make up with your girlfriend properly, the post-fight. Sex. Sorry, not this. This can also drain you, but in other ways, seemin. That's what I'm talking about. In any case, warrior shit is sweet. You're a fucking roan and whatever the hell you have to tell yourself. But I can backfire. So what I would say is treat yourself more on average like a machine rather than a samurai warrior. First, motorcycle, calm, gentle, compassionate machine. I roll about type shit. You know, the next couple of mezos incrementally more machine like to like, make warrior. Gundam wing, type shit. And then maybe the last motorcycle last week. Yes, unsheath your samurai sword and or he was good. Whatever that fucking, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, so we're forward. And really a fucking unleash the warrior poet samurai motherfucker inside of you. But if you unleash that dumbass in motorcycle one, you're just going to be so drained by week three that you won't have productive training. You'll have to deal with. Then you just have to sort of like you're like a car that spotters and stops, spotters and stops. You want consistency and good high quality training. And you don't need to spill out what you really think about grandma emotionally into the hacksquat in motorcycle one. Well, grandma did. I'll never forgive and I'll never forget. But that's between me and the bar in mesocycle in motorcycle five week five week one. I only have positive memories of grandma that I choose to recollect. Here's the thing. Last point. Yes, it's mythical and cool and idyllic to do shitload of volume sets and sets and sets and we do five sets of rows and five sets of machine rows, five sets of dumbbell rows and five sets of pull downs and five sets of dildo rows and all that other shit cool. But for almost everyone when they're training properly three to ten sets per muscle group per workout is usually better than 10 or more. I think Mr. Jeffrey Nippard had a very good review video where you concludes like it's roughly six sets is kind of the optimum. Now there's a ton of caveats to that and six is pretty close. Another review found it's roughly eight on average. But it's such a huge distribution based on different factors, different muscles, different fiber types, different individuals, different times, that ends up being like more like three to ten. But does that mean that it would be feel cooler in some way to be able to do 12 or 15 sets per workout? Yes, it would feel fucking sweet. And if you've got that energy in that drive to train hard, hey, listen, I feel you. Also, when you catch a good pump and everything's feeling amazing, mind muscle, you just cut down on a stop. But the reality is you're there to do a job and the job is stimulate muscle growth. And if that job is checkmarked and over after ten sets or eight sets or whatever it is, just go home, right? If the purpose of the gym is not so that you feel smashed, the purpose of the gym is that you adequately stimulate muscle growth get a robust pump, get some sort of and get the fuck out and come back and repeat more on that last part in a second. So real talk, and here's that last part. Real ingredients of effective training are consistency, multiple weekly workouts, multiple weeks, strong together, of good workouts, not psychotic workouts, good. The beginning of the muscle, they start pretty easy, but effective. You don't even much at the beginning of the muscle, you're not used to the shit. Through the middle of the muscle to get pretty intense to the end, they get psychotic and insane, you're starting to think bad thoughts about gram again. And that all is good ingredients, but it's the consistency that you know Pfizer showing up for over the course of four weeks, eight good leg workouts will grow infinitely more muscle, even not infinitely, mildly graduation. Then like going hard once a week on legs and overdoing it in the session, and that's only four workouts. Another thing, another real effect, sort of real ingredient of effective training is progression. It's the ability to do 10 reps of the 100 pounds one week, 11 reps with a 100 pounds next week, 11 reps with a 105 pounds a week after and 12 reps with 105 the week after that. Then de-load, then start somewhere in the middle and progress. And it's that progression progression, which inevitably gets you to the heights to which you're capable of getting. One, emotional psychotic workout, and the foot blast in my legs, brother, squirted out, I saw my foot and dad, and one of those workouts, man, I closed my eyes during the abs, but there you fucking was bro. It's we, you felt a certain way about things that's nice, but are you progressing over time? And if you're training so hard and so sloppily in such shitty reps and different exercises and whatever just to burn out the muscle, you may not even be able to track progression because you don't really standardize your shit. And the other thing is like, you may get so emotionally fatigued from workouts that you have a couple of weeks where you progress and then a couple of weeks where you regress, realize you're going to hard, de-load, flip this switch again and go. It's much better to be a little bit more calculated about your shit. Don't about a good workout than add a little bit to it, then add a little bit to it, then add a little bit to it. Eventually you get to that Icarus height of your wing start burning off. That's great, but it's not the whole thing. progression in that sense means that sometimes you will need to put it all on the line, but that sometimes generally happens for like the last week before your mesocycle ends because if the last carry on top of a great stimulus and because it is unsustainable, you cannot train like that for multiple weeks in a row. And if you can, you're just doing not enough volume each time, you could be doing more volume, less psychotic failure training and growing even more. Most times, training is about showing up, using good technique, going hard, but usually not all out, hitting small load and rep PRs, coming back later that we can repeating, going up another week, repeating, going up, up, up, up, up, up, going ultra-hard, burning out, de-load and repeat, that's the ingredients. So this is myth is more like going hard, all the time is a myth, but going hard, some of the time is a really good idea. Folks, let me know if you think in the comments below. If you're interested in more in-depth scientific and more real-life training examples, we have a member section, so give that shit a little subscription there. It costs like, I think it's a million dollars per hour for you to subscribe. So make sure you're oil, millionaire, I'm sorry, I said that, oil, quadrillionaire, like myself. I actually have a few zeppelin's that are oil powered. No, no, they're not gasoline powered. They're oil powered. They burn straight up oil. The environment never heard of it. And yeah, they're hydrogen. So I live on the fucking edge. In any case, if you're a baller 1920s quadrillionaire like myself, feel free to subscribe to the member section, feel free to like and comment. Leave us a comment that's nice, you know, or not, leave us a mean comment and we'll go right back at you. Anyway, see you guys next time for the next video.