Hey folks, doctor Mike here for Assam's Pyrritation. And today's BS video is about how to learn to burn fat for fuel. Aaaaah, aaah, aaah, aaah, aaah, aaah! The like that, but with fat. Let's get into it. The claim generally sounds something like this. When you go low-carb, your body learns to burn fat as fuel, brother. You always see brother, why do they say that? It sounds sweet, but there's a problem. Yes, it's definitely true that you can learn to burn fat for fuel in high intensity exercise. The problem is, by the design of the system and your body that burns anything for fuel, that is not the ideal fuel source for high intensity exercise, and you know what is the great evil, the eye of sarnet's self carbs. I just had a vision of the eye of sarnet from one of the rings, it was like a Cheerio. Mine's fine, trash. You're at a low carb diet, and I'm saying, and that shit goes, zap, and you're like, you're like, you're like, crawl over to the ice cream and someone's like, no, Frodo, don't stop going keto. Samwise, Samwise doesn't help you, right? Cause if we didn't get a bunch of like, lambness, bread, or whatever, well the fuck are we trying to get jacked out here and get ketoed up? All carb diet, you know, they works out it, right? And they might have meat. In any case, here's the thing. Anything faster than a very slow jog relies predominantly on carbohydrate for fuel. So when people say you want to learn, to burn fat as fuel, they usually specifically refer to really intense exercise. And that's just not a great idea. Can you learn to do it? Yes, your body actually does get a little bit better of burning fat for fuel, even in high intensity exercise if you expose it to, you know, whatever protein kept equal higher fat, lower carb diet, especially if it's almost zero carb. Yes, absolutely your body gets better at it. But the analogy there is like, you absolutely can redesign a race car, modify a race car to burn like 87 gasoline, normal ass gasoline or petrol if you're from the rest of the world. And it will run with regular gasoline, and it won't gunk up the engine, but it'll run shitier because racing fuel is better because it's optimized to make you go faster. That's why the fucking's racing fuel. So if you're eating lots of fats and very little carbs, you try to get your body to get really good at burning fats for fuel, you are redesigning your race car to burn regular gasoline and losing races all the fucking time. Now, what if we're talking about fat loss? It turns out that if you reduce any kinds of calories, you burn about the same amount of total calories off. And unless you're reducing protein, don't do that that's stupid. So whether you're using carbs or fat, you are burning almost exclusively body fat if you wait trained and have a decent lock in on your diet. Multiple high protein Phoenix per day, regular weight training, a calorie deficit of either carbs or fats burns predominantly fats, plain and simple, and you don't have to eat exclusively fats, and there's not enhanced your ability to burn fat. And another thing is your body is a fat-bring machine and exercise cool, but exercise burns a very small fraction of your total calories per day and gets you not so lean. Most of your calories per day are burned in just normal activities and a huge fraction during sleep. You're not even exercising that. So you don't have to turn into a fat-bring machine. You just have to create a small daily deficit, keep your physical activity in check. Eat plenty of protein, lift weights, and it doesn't really matter if most of your calories come from mostly carbs, mostly fats, or anywhere in between, you burn pretty much the same amount of fat and get the same level of lean. Period. Except if you do it with more carbs and fewer fats, you generally tend to keep more here muscle on your body, have better training, and feel better for most people. Some people love low carb diet, no judgment, but it's certainly very difficult to say, listen, go low carb, teach your bite and burn fat, and you'll have better results, because you straight up won't in most cases. So yes, you can adapt to burn fat easier during exercise. But that's not, and that positive adaptation, unless you regularly have to compete on low carb hydrates, which is nonsense, because in competition, you bring any kind of food you want with you, if you want, on a bike, for example, or an ultra run. And at the end of the day, eating low carb is a high performer when you have access to carbs, and could be an even better performer, is, Scott's very very committed, and run all time, going. Bullshit. And stop running around, run over to the gym, and lift weights, nine, nine, and you can take a big chest, and you go up to the endurance athlete to beach, and he's going to be like, oh, hello sir, you've got big packs and you shut up, and you put your, put your, you kick the sand over in his face, and then his girlfriend, she's like nine, you remind me of someone, I think a famous actor, an action star, Arnold, you're like, yes, it's me, you know what I mean, and then she's your girlfriend, and then she's like, we don't spend enough time together, why don't you watch movies with me? Let's watch the notebook, and then you realize you've a different one, a girlfriend. All right, see you later, Astala Vista, baby.