I'm about 100% connected to the exercise. I know exactly what it was and I need to get. I know exactly how to move the bar and I know that I'm getting stronger over time. Better than doing random shit every now and again. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Red Assault's periodization. And today's topic is addressing the benefits of trying to for at least a while longer than you may have suspected sticking to the same exercise in your muscle growth program. Instead of trading out exercises, going from one to another super quick, it might be a good idea to stick to the same exercise for a little bit longer than you have suspected or done before. And I'm going to offer you five good reasons to consider this. First is technique improvement. If you practice the same exercise a week and week out, your technique can get better, especially if you're mindful of it, especially if you're trying to get in better and better technique. I know what it needs to feel. I know how I need to move. Every set I record on video or every other set. I look at it and go, oh my chest could be up more. I improve my technique, which means a week upon week, upon week of technique practice. You get better and better and better than exercise, which means your stimulus goes up. Your fatigue goes down. Your my muscle connection improves and everything gets better. It becomes a better exercise. You do bent rows for the first time. You're like, ah, you do bent rows for the tenth time and you completely connect with everything. You're a bent row technique. God, that helps. If you're always changing exercises, you could just kind of suck a technique for all of them forever. But if you spend multiple weeks, sometimes multiple month strings of doing similar exercises, you get really good at them. And your body can remember that semi-permanently, months later you come back two or three sessions in. You're as good as you ever were. And then the next eight sessions you can expand to be even better. Next point, you can really discover, confirm or rule out what is a good fit exercise for you as far as stimulus to fatigue ratio. For example, if you try and exercise just once. And you're like, ah, I don't know if this is a good exercise, or I don't feel like it is, a whole don't suck. Your technique relatively to how that exercise could be done for your body proportions, what's that great? You just don't know. It's that you try a food once. You go to some restaurant that I try to the fries and you try them and you're like, that's okay. And like, yeah, but like the regular chef wasn't here. There's a bachelor's at older fries. You would at nine o'clock, everyone knows they make their fries at 3pm every day, and when they're fresh, they're amazing. You can at least try it one more time. So if you try and exercise a few times in a row, you can really figure out if it's the right fit for you. So if you did it only once, I wouldn't conclude a bunch. If you did an exercise eight times and it sucked every single one of those, you can kind of more confidently be like, you know, one arm row is just not for me, man. I really try them and someone's like, we should try and just shut the fuck up. I try to do all of it, damn it. I was here for eight, fucking week straight, don't want arm rows. Trying to get my techniques get as possible. Watching, after me next videos, I can damn it to make my technique better. And it is nothing works. Like, okay, maybe you can still delay to your life try one arm rows, but for now, it's totally cool to be off of them, because you did the due diligence of going through and really trying it out. Another thing is sometimes trying the exercise in three mess of cycles in a row, or two mess of cycles in a row, while changing other things is a wise idea, because it could be in certain contexts, the exercises and good, for example. You had a mess of cycle, we did tons of heavy dead lifting, a stiff leg and delifts, good mornings, and cable rows with a curved back. And then you tried bent rows for the first time, because someone said, look, Dr. Mike said bent rows are amazing. Try them. You try them, they cooked, you're fucking lower back, your lower back was limiting factor every time. And you all like, dude, this exercise sucks. I'm trying to feel the rest of my back. It's just a spinal rectum move. Maybe. But if the next mess of cycle, you didn't do a whole lot of hip-hinging, not a lot of heavy back work, especially free lower back. You stuck bent rows, just like, I'm gonna give them another dude, do chance, maybe it's because my other exercises were not so great choices to melt together with the bent row. You try the bent row then, and you're like, oh my fucking God, my pulling complex and my spinal rectures are failing at roughly the same time, or like my spinal rectures still have some juice in them. I'm feeling like actual pull. It's an amazing exercise. Think I didn't quit. Now, I know two things. I know that the bent row is a great exercise, and I wouldn't have known that if I quit early. And two, I know that the best way to get the most out of barra bent rows is not to overwhelm my lower back with other fatigue, so if I'm gonna choose to use barbell rows in a mesocycle, in a program, I'm going to also make sure that I do a little bit less lower back work and all the other exercises. And that's how I can get the most moving. That is something you can only get if you really try and move the variables around to accommodate the exercise. Try to make it work. It's a marriage. If you're the first fight you ever have as a married couple, you just get divorced instantly after, like, did you really try to work it out? It's wife trying to get a divorce, and the first thing they'll tell you is have you tried couples counseling. No, usually legal team will be like, you gotta try that to make it more convincing for everyone that you're really trying to work it out. It's tough to say it's an irreconcilable difference if you didn't try to reconcile it. So in a sense, what I'm saying is you married to various exercises or not. So if you're going to date the barbell bent row, give it a few dates to let it show you some of the skills, get it into a situation, maybe dinner dates are bad, maybe it's better to pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, and then at the end of pop off off you say, hey, a barbell bent row, what do you want to do? And it's like, I didn't know, I kind of just, yeah, why don't you give me that body barbell bent row? It's like, shut up, just, it's a fuck off of me and it's pepper sprays you and you're like, oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. That's it, then bent rows didn't work. Point number three. Measurement of strength improvement. The number one way by long shot of being able to tell if your gaining muscle is are you improving repetition strength over time on various exercises. If you do one exercise here and three months later you do it there and three months later you do it here and there it's really difficult to conclude if you're progressing. But if you do it for 12 weeks straight and you really get good at it and start to progress progress, you can be like, wow, I'm gaming. Another thing is during a fat loss phase if you have a similar exercise in, if you start dropping off strength on your squats, neurologically you're really proficient at it at that point. That means you're probably either accumulating a shit load of a team which is bad, you can do stuff about it, or you are actually reducing your muscle size and that's really bad and you can definitely do something about it. If you always have a new workout, new exercises, and unless you're really good at tracking you look back all the way through your notebook but then it's different conditions so it doesn't even apply very much. You have a really hard time being able to tell am I really progressing or am I really pressing? So it's another big benefit. Number four, psychological momentum. As you build your rep strength and as your technique improves, it builds confidence with the lift. Hacksquats went well last time, this time your technique was better, your neurological abilities were better, your rep strength went up and you're like, fucking yes and you get the axe-quat train rolling or the barbell bench train rolling and these mini PRs happen all the time and it fills you up with fucking the psychology of momentum. I'm fucking unstoppable, that's a big deal. You want to go into the gym like a freight train and blow through all of your exercises. If you have session after session after session, where it's exercises you're just getting really fucking good at, the feel is better and the strength isn't proving, that's a huge gym motivator. If it's random, shit all the time, it's not as much of that effect. And a big deal is to learn how to push really close to failure. A lot of people in their intermediate years have a problem with they're not going close enough to failure. If they pushed it harder with good technique, they could get more results. No better way to find out how close to failure they are than to put whatever on the barbell row and do it eight weeks in a row and put five more pounds and five more pounds and try to get the same reps, try to get the same reps, you really got to wake up your head, you really got to practice good technique and you could grind into failure, using that momentum to your advantage, truly fucking just screwdriver your way into those sets and reps. Someone says, hey, do you think you're getting the most out of barbell rows? You're like, yes, 100% fucking, yes, I'm doing it every fucking thing. I'm 100% connect the exercise. I know exactly how many reps I need to get. I know exactly how to move the bar and I know that I've been getting stronger over time. I know I'm getting at this and only failure can stop me. That's a pretty good way to train better than doing random shit every now and again. What do you get when PhD sports scientists collaborate with pro bodybuilders? The most effective muscle growth training I've ever made. Get yours now. Lastly, a big benefit is the conservation of variation. You may only have like six exercises at your gym that you train at because it doesn't have infinite number of machines that are your best go to chest exercises, have the highest in most of a degree ratio. If you burn through all six of them in the same six weeks, okay, what about the next six? What about the next six? At some point a few months later, you'll have used all of your chest exercises. There will be nothing novel. Instead, what you want to do is focus on just a few of them at a time. Get really good at the milk them out. Three months later, you can change away and do another exercise or another set of three. And three months later, that first set of three used will be so refreshed. You'll have been so not exposed to it that you'll be really sensitive to growth. It'll be super friendly on your joints. It gets you an ability to hop skip into kind of infinite variation. Your body forgets the last time you did anything. It's like if you need a whole bunch of Chinese food for a while and you have a whole bunch of Mexican food, when you come back to Italian food a few months later, it's going to be like, wow, man, pizza's fucking great. We have an ad pizza in forever. This tastes amazing. Versus like if you have pizza every week or twice a week, at some point in the pizza, it tastes that good anymore. And sometimes it's really good to have phases of specific work on exercises to save the variations that you have of other exercises for later when you can benefit for more variation. Now, taking all of this some context or reasons why you should try to maintain the exercise and keep it the same for longer than you might have thought. At the end of the day, however, if an exercise has definitely lower stimulus to fatigue ratio than another, you have enough variance to trade them in, just trade them out. I would say at least do an exercise unless it's physically hurting your joints for about a mesocycle. You know, 48 weeks in the D-Load and then if that exercise definitely sucks dick compared to another one you for sure have in the tank, just switch. If you're doing pull downs, assist a pull ups were amazing. You were doing pull downs and you were just like, ah, this kind of blue and assist a pull ups are there and there's tons of other variants you could use and you just want to use assist a pull ups for sure doing. For some exercises, this kind of stainless will build up over about one mesocycle. So sometimes for shoulders, biceps, stuff like that, you can do a new series of exercises every single mesocycle every month to two months. Other exercises you can keep in for two or even three mesocycles or even longer. At the end of the day, let your body decide. If you still have momentum, you're still getting stronger. If your joint still feel good and your technique is improving, just keep the exercise in. You'll get free variation later down the line as a big bonus and great results while you're doing it. If the exercise is like, joints aren't feeling that great, you fucking hate it. You have 10 other exercises you could be doing or why the fuck are you doing this one. Just give it a one mesogood college try and if it's not good by the end, cut it out for a while, go back to the good stuff and get that muscle growth. Folks, thank you for tuning in. See you next time.