Hey folks, it's me, Dr. Mike, for Renaissance Predensation, and it's high-perchurfymith series myth number two, you gotta warm up the quads with lay extensions before getting into the compound movements. As a thing a lot of people think, we're gonna talk about the myth. Maybe some good points. It makes definitely some bad points. It makes that's what it's myth, and a little bit of real talk to kind of close out and give you guys some actionable advice. The claim really here is that you know, you should warm up the knees with leg extensions before moving on to oppressors or squats of any kind. This has been explicitly stated by many bodybuilders over the years. The supposed rationale, get to why later why it's supposed, is that the leg extensions are uniquely beneficial exercise for knee warmups, maybe because it doesn't have any vertical loading component, or maybe because you can, it's gonna say, use lighter weight, that that actually case because you can use lightweight on any exercise, maybe it's the vertical loading. I don't know, in any cases, it's supposed to warm up the knees really well, and also doing process before this is somehow a bad idea. I think because it enhances the risk of injury or because it prevents you from having good mind muscle connection. Fine, fine hypotheses, let's see how they stand up to some examination. Here's the thing, if you are very experienced in training properly. And in warming up properly, and you've found time and time again that some light leg extensions before squats before leg presses before hot squats really just make your training go better. Especially if your knees are just not so great, you're like, look man, normally it'd be down, but I've had 10 knee surgeries on one knee, nine on the other, like I just need my fucking leg extensions. That's what works for me, and I know it does, hey, great. No problems at all. However, it does beg the question of how experienced at proper training are most of the folks that either claim that this thing is a reality, or not so much cleaning themselves, but do it. You know, like my Flex Magazine and see that it's three by 10 leg extensions in the start, just do the workout. Why are you doing that? No, it's what I got from a bodybuilder. It's supposed to work. Ooh, but does it though? Does it though? Let's find out. Here's the bad. We have at least three bad things we can talk about. The problem number one, the vast majority of bodybuilders and people that claim this is the thing wouldn't know proper warmups or proper training if it jumped up and bit them right on the tip of their fucking cocks. The fuck up out of here. These people rush their warmups. They have shitty technique to begin with. Like sometimes they're like, yeah, man, I need leg extensions to work for squats. They do like extensions and I go, okay, they start doing their squats and I put the fuck I need a fucking hard accident to warm up for that with how is that even that not a squat get out of here. A lot of them do excessive loading and work sets. Like, yeah, maybe it's a good idea to warm up your knees and legs, and just if you're going to get into a heavy triple as a bodybuilder, which eventually these people do all the fucking time, you fucking name it, they do it. Just God forsaken terrible everything. And then they do this terrible everything and they say, well, I need leg extensions before to make this work. Maybe, but if you fixed all that dumb shit, maybe that wouldn't really be the case. Right, problem number two, I said warming up is not rocket science. You could have an unbelievable warmup in a compound movement. If you simply do the first few sets very light with a slowly centric and a nice pause at the bottom, you're going to get amazing warmups. And then by the time the sets get heavy and you're getting into your work sets, you'll feel hunky fucking dory and everything's going to be great. And your knees are going to feel great. You're causing it, if you're great. Your techniques are going to be that much better because you've been warming up and practicing technique or whole time. Most folks, the say leg extensions are necessary warmup before compound lifts, don't know how to do this. They're warming up wrong. Their technique is wrong. So automatically, just don't care what they have to say about this because they're fucking wrong. Sorry, I'm getting too emotional, how typical. Problem number three is that leg extensions even just aren't that great for the knees at this. They're a fine exercise, but they're not somehow very low risk or very not prone to damaging the knees technically leg extensions and pose some of the high shearing forces on your knee joint. Since this is a fairly bad thing, this is a really good thing either leg extensions are not easy on the knees. Actually, if you go on the leg press and just leave just the sled on, that's probably easier on the knees for the first few sets or reps anyway than even leg extensions are because it's ultra light load, but if not even in a shearing direction. So the idea that leg extensions are first is by itself, the sort of like without reasoning even. You say, well, they just add a warmup with leg extensions. What is it about leg extensions that warns you up all that well? And the answer is there's not really anything there, right? And the thing is is that a lot of these body builders, when they do leg extensions, they end up fucking that up to not like they're doing slow, eccentric and poses on leg extensions either. They get into leg extensions and their warmup is like all worksets basically crazy high reps to failure and beyond failure and weird jiggling motions and that's all fucking wrong too. If someone's doing everything wrong, maybe learning how to do right here from them, you know, you can like think about a twice or some shit, be like that person. The person really got it all figured out, I know they have big muscles, I think that's mostly from good genetics. Tons of hard, maybe not smart training over the years, I should of gear, that kind of explains everything. Maybe you could learn or technique from people that seem to be able to explain things logically. That's a fine idea. So real talk here it is. 99% or more of all lifters can just warm up with super light, slow, deep, paused reps on the first movement they're doing. And if that's a leg extension, great. If it's a leg press, great, no problem. You don't need to do a different exercise with supposed benefits of people. This is related to the idea of like activation exercises like to activate my pex of flies and then move on to process like do you mean pre-exhaust like go to activation? Okay, I feel like if you're using the bench properly, the incline properly, whatever chest comp on movie do properly, you can activate your pex just fine if you don't do it. And again, 99 times these are the same people that you see them on both exercises and the technique is terrible. You know, fucking wonder you have an activation problem, right? Here's the thing, if your knees are bothering you, there's a huge chance that your technique or your warm up or your load selection or your fatigue management sucks. You should fix that and not band aid the shit with leg extensions. I've seen a lot of pro bodyboats over the years. My focus is starved leg extension and then what do they do next? They get into leg press, put on 20 fucking 500 pounds, wrap their knees wrong. I might add based on how power lifters actually wrap their knees and get in there. Just a kind of weird half reps on their toes and their knees hurt even more, but there's just what it takes. Learn how to do shit better, since you don't have to put weird in effect of band aids at it. I'll tell you guys a quick story before signing off. One time I was like nine and I saw like when I was getting my shots, like they had a little band aids at the doctor's, the pediatrician's off, they had band aids at the fun stuff, like making house and stuff and some Disney ones. And I super wanted one and I saw if they were given them out, but then when I got my shot, I was like, can I have one of these and they were down to just like the bright colors because they ran out of the Disney ones and I'll never forget that shit as long as I live. I never got my fucking chance.