Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pyrrization. Welcome to Hypeperchrophy Myths Number 1. For me, open end of series here. Might have about a trillion of math for this, but at least 10. In any case, the first myth is got to keep the traps out of the side deltraining bra. When we examine this myth, we are going to talk about what the myth really is. Poppily defined. We're going to talk about maybe make some good points. Almost all myths do. Talk about the bad points, which all myths have, mostly bad points. Just a little real talk to sum it up and give you some active recommendations. The claim is you have to keep traps out of side deltraining and the supposed rationale is oftentimes that the traps will take over and rob your side delts of gains. What is the good stuff here? What is the grain of truth? And that's definitely true that there are different ways to work side delts that help the traps become more or less engaged. And if you're really interested, you can train your side delts in a way, let compared to all of the other realistic options, engage your traps the least, definitely possible, totally if needed. And it's also possible to have a physique that is so trap dominant and so small in the side delts that it kind of looks super cool, but narrow narrow. That's the complaint that bodyvel and judge sometimes have is a big traps and smaller side delts can make a physique look more narrow. It's kind of an illusion there. What they're saying is if the traps were smaller and even if the side delts were no bigger, the physique would look wider because the traps don't have that narrow angle on gaining effect. So fine critique and definitely true in some cases. However, what is the bad? Well, there are at least three problems here. Problem number one is that if you really focus on taking the traps out of side delts work, you're going to rob the side delts of the exercises and the features of exercises that often give them the highest raw stimulus magnitude, like the real punching power to get your side delts big and even the best stimulus to fatigue ratios. A similar thing to how involved your traps are with various lateral raises and side delts work is how involved your glutes are with quad work. If you said look, my glutes, I don't want my glutes taking over my leg presses and my ass squats and my squats. I just want to train my quads in a way that's only quads. You just down to leg extensions and nobody really builds big ass quads with just leg extensions. Unless you're some kind of genetic freak, it's just like taking away all your best exercises and because you're so scared that your glutes are going to get too big, you actually just have small quads because you do shitty quad training. You did hack squats and leg presses and squats in such a way that minimizes your glute involvement, but still accepts that some large amount of glute involvement is critical to even be able to overlead the quads. Then you're going to be getting great results. But there's only so much glute minimization you can have in a quad program until it really gets in the way of training quads and the same thing is true for side delts and traps. If you care for taking traps too much out of side delts because you could pull away all the good stuff. Once they're ordering a soup and a restaurant, be like I don't want peas and I want carrots in it, I want potatoes and my buns, too much fat and they go root and then it's just water. They go salt, but not too much salt. It's barely salted water, but the sound which you ordered, that's not what's going to be. Heelup, the old tummy pains or however people speak to other humans about hunger. It's a bad deal. You don't want to throw the baby out with the bath water and one of the ways in which this happens is an easy way to reduce the trap involvement is to reduce the range of motion to some extent. So if you only bring your arm up to about here and down and here, the traps don't become as active. There's a lot of good stuff going on. That's when your side delts actually activate the most here and here, down here they're not very active, but relatively more active than the traps. So it's kind of like, all right, this is shitty side delts training if you want and over good news your traps won't grow hardly at all. Okay, is that really the idea? Another thing is also reduction in central drive. There are ways and techniques to do, like for example, if you're doing ladder raises to a small range of motion, but you're behind the plane of your body. It actually like barely touches your traps at all in that way. But if you really like try your traps will be activated anyway because they are designed by evolution, to work synergistically with your side delts to do this. Okay? And if you try to turn them off while turning your side delts on, it is possible. But it's so much reduces what's called your central drive. They amount of fucking oomph you put into a lift. The motor units, the parts of the muscle and the nerves that innovate them in the side delts that are the most prone to growth, they're kind of saying a cigarette break. They're even care. They're not even on, so they won't really grow. Like if you're not calling the big guns because you're like, I've got to do my trap exercise or side delts break, but I don't want my traps real big and I'm going to struggle. Oh, no, I feel my traps engage, you know, I'm going to take it easy. Well, then your side delts are taking it easy too. Relatively speaking, they're getting more work than your traps. But like, absolutely, they can be getting this much with your traps this much and you could just be jacked all over. So it's an interesting trade off to make in some, uh, some respects. Next problem is traps cannot take over for the side delts that's physically impossible because the side delts go from your shoulder to your actual arm bone here. They are the only muscle that is able to do this part. Okay? So, the whole retracting and elevating thing, yes, your traps do that. But your traps can't actually, if you just turned on your traps to lift your elbow, this as far as it would go. This whole thing here, that side delts. So when people say like, oh, if you like my traps are taking over, no, no, they are contributing, but the side delts are as active as they ever would be. It's just that there's a lot of trap coming along for the ride as well. And this is exactly the point number three. There's a problem you probably don't have, excessively large traps. God damn it, 99 out of 100 people that have ever asked me on the fucking ram, Dr. Mike, my traps are too involved, whatever I want less trap activation for my side delts. What is the first thing I do? I click on the mod, fucking profile, peep that shit. Well, the fucker, you don't even have traps. Get out of my face, you pencil knife, motherfucker. What is this a hairy pot or look like contest? You need traps and side delts. You need to isolate, didly dick man unless your goalberg from WWE back in the day, one of my people. That's right, well, sub Jewish family. In any case, I used to consider myself one of the toughest Jews in existence, then I realized the massade exists, cigarette, my colleagues exist, the entire Israeli military, most other Jews and definitely goalberg is he super jacked. In any case, if you're a goalberg or Tom Hardy from Warrior Summshet Fine, I get it more side delfless traps. Put your properly not that. If you could probably get really huge side delf and traps, if you just train them with the exercises that work the best for both, that's it. So a lot of the people ask in this, like I get it, if you're a pro bodybuilder. You come up to Jared Feather and Dragons later and Vegas, you know, like, hey man, I want to almost hear this. But is there any way I can get my side delts big or without? May I have my traps bigger? Like, Jared, I can't, like, here's a few ways, right? But you're probably not that person. I don't mean to get personal with you. That's what you watch on this or listening to it. You probably don't have this problem. I don't have this problem, right? You know, saying your boy out here with these traps, I could use bigger everything. Right? So that is what it is. How do we real talk this? How do we wrap this up? If you're worried about trap growth, really off-bounds in your physique and proportion of side delts, you can be concerned with choosing modifying movements that reduce trap involvement. I just sort of clue in if you get your arms behind you and you do partials here. That's probably one of the better ways to do it. This other people way way more involved in this side, the biomechanist people. Just go look to, you'll ask them that question, right? Go on YouTube, type, biomechanics, traps, delts, whatever some shit will come up. Some of it's crazy people saying stupid shit. You'll get a couple of gems in there. The reason I haven't invested myself in figuring out exercises that best train the side delts without, engaging traps as much as because of this next point for 99% of us, which is like, I'm talking to no more mobile side delts training, hit the fucking side delts hard and they're going to make him grow and it's going to be great and it don't worry about that it also hits the traps. What I'm doing hacksquots and I get a quad pump of my life, I don't turn in the mirror and go off, thought, but it's hitting my glutes. Oh no, my glutes are going to be too big. What does it even mean? I don't know if I've ever seen a person with traps that are too big, even goldberg from WWE's traps, touches his ears. I was always like, god damn, I can't look like that. Is that really something you're super versed to and by the way, because we have a maybe one or two females in the audience, girls being like, oh, like I just want to hit my side delts without my traps. Like again, if you compete in figure, this is valid and I encourage you to go seek out the advice that other than the one I just gave of how to minimize trap involvement, maximize my silence among. Or just a girl trying to get jacked. There's a whole lake where I don't want traps because they're masculine. Bitch, what about big ass side delts? You think the shit's this feminine, fuck up outta here, just get fucking jacked. And if you're with actual man or woman that likes this fucking female form under fucking prime, you know, it'd be a trapsk. Gonna scare off anyone and the people they do scare off should be fucking scared off because get outta here, kid grow up and ready to date a real woman. Like me, oops, I forgot to shave all of my body here. In any case, here's the thing. There's a really cool, neat puzzle solution to this. And here it is. You don't have to worry about this dichotomy of traps to big delts, blah, blah, blah. Train the side delts hard as fuck. They will grow. Your traps will also grow, but check this out. Take all of your trap training and just throw it away. Two birds one stone. You hit the fucking delts hard with proper side delts work and it gives you just enough trap volume to get your traps to grow a little bit, but not too much. And then it's a self-solving problem. So it turns out you actually probably don't need to be looking for exercises that minimize trap involvement on side delts work. You just need to be taking all the trap work and throwing it the fuck away out of your program. Ta-da. Anyway, I'll see you guys next time. Before I go, if you're traps or too big, and it's just worrying you all the time, 1-800 traps too big. It's a hotline. I'll probably pick up the phone on one of my associates. Scott the video guy will talk you throughout. Now I'm gonna stay here with you all the way through your terrible journey of accessible regards traps. See you guys next time.