Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Periodization, Hi, Perterfie myths. Today's myth is constant tension, bro, these are all bromeths. I just kidding, some of them are nerd myths. We're talking about the myth. We're gonna talk about actually the true things that it has in it, elements of truth, little silver lining is around the dark clouds. Talk about the dark clouds, the bad stuff, and then we'll do some real talk to sort of finish it all up. So the myth here is expressed in the idea that you need to keep tension on the muscle for it to grow. Concenting tension is important. And then especially sets with breaks in them, for example, instead of pressing like this, you press like this, you go down, you press like this. Every time you rest, having the weight bare down on the joints, instead of the muscles, there's no tension on the muscles for much less. Your muscles rest, and that's bad, because constant tension causes growth, and if you have in-not constant tension, you have less growth. That's the idea that's being discussed here. Now, there's some good stuff here. First point is that in order to dry the muscle close to failure, which we want for hypertrophy gains, as soon as possible, constant tension is a good idea. So if you never lock out on bench press, you do this for 30 seconds, whenever weight, you're gonna be able to not do it anymore, and failure is gonna be impending. But if you lock out, when you come down, you lock out, it just takes much more time, thus not a sap, to get closer to failure. So that's definitely something you have to consider. Without constant tension, if you take little breaks, you can let the muscles rest, and thus they reduce their how much metabolite they generate, all the lack of acid, and all the other metabolites, don't really generate a ton of the muscle, they get time to wash out, and that probably reduces some growth stimulation, because there's not as much sequestration of metabolites, which is likely another pathway for growth, other than just tension itself. So that news, right? If you had a set that you said, I'm gonna do for 10 reps, and last week you did a similar set for 10 reps, constant tension, it's gonna get a really nasty burn by the end of the 10 reps of your rack. If for some reason this day you do similar weight, similar load, still same, sorry, similar load, same thing as weight, and similar reps, you may do 10 reps, and because you rest each time, you can actually finish the set pretty easy, and things never got burned much, not a whole lot of metabolites, not a whole lot of close, a failure proximity, and then it's actually less hyper trophic set. So that's the big thing, is if you usually use constant tension, but then you switch in the middle of your mesle cycle to using rest breaks, you can have the same or even higher performance with more breaks, but you end up getting less growth stimulus because you're not taking it as close to failure as you were, and you're not producing as many metabolites as you were. So that's kind of the stuff that is really good about this. However, there is bad stuff. First thing is theoretical sense, tension is what causes growth, not constant tension, and tension that gets you close to failure, causes the most growth, and if it had breaks on the way, it doesn't matter. If towards the end of that set, many of the reps are closer to failure, whether or not you took breaks in the middle of that set, or did constant tension either way, when you get close to failure, the growth starts being poured in. So you don't have to do constant tension, it's nothing magical about it. What you have to do is take sets close to failure, and make sure ideally that they also generate lots of metabolites along the way. Here's the real kicker. If you take breaks during the movement, but you still approach failure, you can end up doing more repetitions. You get close to failure with constant tension, then you take a break. Again, a few constant tension reps, take a break, and then go, you can have a few failure approaches, and thus, when you get close to failure, you flirt with it for longer. You do more total reps that is more total tension, more time under tension, just not constant tension. And, because a lot of times people get the two concepts confused, they say, time and attention, constant tension, about cement. Time and attention is every rep, you measure, and add up together. In the breaks between reps, it doesn't fucking matter. Right? Like, if you got hit in the face 10 times, it doesn't matter if it was like, boom, boom, boom, boom, or someone was like, boom, boom, boom, you still got hit in the face 10 times, and if you got hit in the face 15 times versus 10, even though one happened fast and one slow, it's the total number of the fucking counts, same with reps. So if you do with taking breaks, more total repetitions, you get more tension, and if the breaks are strategically placed, as you get really close to failure, you take a break, rest for a second, and then you are able to revive a little bit, and then get a couple of reps close to failure, and you take a break. And a couple more reps just like that, you end up doing both more mechanical work, which means more tension, which is more growth stimulus, and, you end up having more effective reps, more reps closer to failure in that set, and that is actually going to cause more metabolite sequestration, and more tension over time, and more proximity to failure, which is more growth. So there is a way by leaving the religion of constant tension in embracing in some contexts, rest breaks in between, rest pause for even just, if it's just the length of a lockout, you can actually get more hypertrophy that way. It's not for sure, but it's more than 50, 50. If you take little mini breaks, there is a actual advantage there. Why? Because your slower twitch fibers are hit pretty good with constant tension, because they're very fatigued resistant, and constant tension, sure, for de-gave the fuck out. Your faster twitch fibers are actually more prone to growth. They're going to kick out early, and they're going to stop being able to support you. But if you take a break for a second, and then you go down, oh, take a break, each time you take a break, your slower fibers don't need the break, they're good either way. Your faster fibers greatly benefit from the break, and they may be able to have so, such a big benefit from that little mini rest, even if it's a fraction of a second or a second, they may net you a few more reps on the tail end. They may have more energy and ability to contract a few more times for you, increasing the amount of tension they expose themselves to, increasing the total metabolite yield, getting closer failure for longer, and thus giving you more growth, in the faster fibers, which are more growth prone to begin with. So what actually looks like constant tension in many cases, is not ideal, and is actually the opposite of ideal. It's a can needless way to fatigue yourself too quickly and end the set too quickly where you could have milked the set out for longer, it made it even more hyper-traffic. Now, real talk, the first biggest thing to address is don't use constant tension as an excuse to cut your range of motion. I know it's sort of unrelated, but people say this year all the time, it's fucking some fucking idiot stare at it, and abusing more on is doing this shit with dumbbells in the gym, and you're like, bro, no offense, but what? And he's a constant-gen bro, shot the fuck up, get out of my face, that's bullshit, doesn't mean anything, get out of here. You lock it out the dumbbells and you go back down, is not going to ruin your set hypertrophically because constant tension. If I got it here, if you take breaks between reps, make sure to standardize the breaks, so you don't conflate more constant tension, a less constant tension, and then you can stimulate gains, but no, if you're strength is falling off, here's the big problem. Right? You start it out doing constant tension reps, week one, week two constant tension. Week three, you're done mass realized that like you are not going to get 10 reps, like you usually do, you're going to get like 8 or 9, because your fatigue is really high, because you have exceeded your maximum recoverable volume, because you should be deluding, at least for that muscle. But you don't, you lie to yourself and you go, aha, wait, I can still get the same number of reps on paper, by doing like seven reps, and then locking out a breathing for a bit, and doing another two reps, so I can out-breathing for a bit, hey, look, I got 12 reps, I hit a PR. Yes, technically you stimulate it even more, well, you caused more hypertrophic stimulus. It won't end up actually stimulating hypertrophy, because you're so fatigued at this point, you're regressing and possibly losing muscle. Your way out beyond your maximum recoverable volume. But you could lie to yourself and see you hit a PR, technically you did, because you're using rests as an easier way to do it. It's similar to running a certain time in the 5K, and then next time you're like, man, I'm definitely 2BW to run this. I shouldn't be running this, but you know what, what I'll do is I'll run the 5K, but I'll run like 2 or 3K, I'll rest for a bit, run another 2 or 3K, finish the 5K, that rest I'm gonna cut out of my time, hey, look PR! But you took a rest there, that's that a PR, you're actually an elore state of repair and must put your lying yourself and telling yourself it's better. So here's the thing, if you choose to do an exercise for a mesocycle, as constant tension, keep the constant tension. If you choose to use my reps, you say, okay, I'm gonna get 10 reps for sure, and then rest for three seconds. Now are three breaths, and then I'm gonna get three reps, and then rest for three breaths, and I'm gonna get two, and I'm gonna rack. That's the plan, you do that every single time that you come in, every single week. Don't just really, really randomly take as much rest as you need because it'll throw away tracking completely, and you'll have no idea if you're actually less strong and way overreached, and should have de-loaded because you can always rest a little longer, and many exercises and do more reps. Here's the last part to that. Many exercises but not all. Actress sizes in which having to hold the weight and take a pause drains you, or exercises which you should do with pretty close to constant tension. You can lock out and come back down, just don't wait a lot. Perfect example of squats with a barbell. When you walk out of squat, there is a time that starts. Leaching energy out of your fucking body, because you're standing or what the shit is crushing you. You have to stabilize it as awful. As you do your squats, if you come up and wait for three seconds, you're actually reducing the number of feature reps you can do in that set, because it's draining you while you get nothing out of it. It's net fatigue is increasing. Net energy drain when you stand there. Thus, when you start squatting, just keep going, and when you're close to failure, just fucking rack. However, if you're doing an exercise like hack squats, it's comfortable, it's preset. What you can do is truly lock out your knees at the top, safely gently, so you can get hurt, and you can do 10 reps and then rest, and it actually fatigue actually does come down. While you rest, standing there in a locked-out position, three breath later you do another five, through those in another three, and another two, and then you finish the set. My reps, style, rest, pause, style. You can get a ton done and actually, on an exercise like a machine press, on an exercise like hack squats, and a few others, you can benefit from resting at the bottom, or resting at the top, whichever way the exercise works, and making each set more effective by not doing constant times. So the rule here is this, if resting drains you more than it refuscious you, constant tension is great, and you can still lock out at the top for a brief second, but not for much longer, because it just drains you, while you're not moving, which is not hypertrophic, stimulating, just fatigue. However, if you figure out an exercise in which being in that position and holding an isometric, actually relieves stress, actually reduces the amount of fatigue you have, then it is absolutely worth thinking about doing rest pauses, at least longer, rest breaks between reps, and potentially even my reps to get even more hypertrophic yield. Who? That's a lot of say and stuff. If you want to hear me say more stuff, like this video, so we continue to make YouTube videos, because we make more money. YouTube seems to like that sort of thing. Subscribe to the channel if you really love us, and if you really, really, really love us, and you just can't wait to be around our YouTube channel. Maybe you'll make your move on us at some point, ooh, you don't give you. Hit that subscription button to get into the membership side, where you get more nerd stuff, and all kinds of cool freebies and bonuses. And I wonder how good the ass fuck it will test the YouTube AI. And even adult content, I'm just kidding. It's a joke, YouTube, please don't demonetize us. Really play with fire here, we Scott's a video guy. And by Wii, I mean me, at your expense, see you next time.