If you are natural, you haven't used drugs yourself in your YouTube viewer and you are really insecure. You can get validation about your own physique because, well, anything better than you is cheating on drugs. There's tons of people using drugs that look like they don't use drugs. And, other side is true. There are tons of people that look like they use drugs that don't. And you think they do mostly because you're coping and you learn all of your science from that. You're not video. No offense. All love and respect. That's not you, of course. It's other people. We can laugh at those other people. Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength. And I have a question for you. Are Nadi or not? Bullshit? Let's find out. So, what are Nadi or not videos? They are videos in which usually famous fitness influencers or celebrities get judged by a commentator on whether or not they are probably or possibly using performance and housing drugs mostly specifically stared to achieve their look, their awesome physique or sometimes kind of mediocre physique at least in my case. And this is a super common content pipeline. Lots of people make Nadi or not videos and I kind of want to figure out why. And there are at least two main questions to answer. The first one being, why do content creators make them and the second why do people want to see them? So, the first question of why do content creators make them? It has a few answers. I think. This is all my personal assessment. The first is it's easy. You just get a few photos of a person who is relatively famous for having a body and you just ramble. Does no need to write an outline or script or do organization? Does no need to film exercise instructionals and any of that stuff you just go? And as far as ease is Scott, what's easier than an idea or not video? I mean, you just pull up a picture of someone in speculating. That's it. Right. For video production perspective, it's incredibly low hanging fruit. Another reason is that you get to coat tail ride off of influential people by talking about them is if you are in any sense relevant to what they are. Now, mind you, I'm not accusatorially saying that other people do this and we at are peed don't. Of course we do this. All of our celebrity critiques for workouts and stuff are none other than co-tail riding actual celebrities for fame as if we are in any sense relevant. But at least we're transparent enough to admit that we're not and maybe you got something out of that content. So it's not to say this is a bad thing. It just bees like it is. If you're interested in dating a really hot girl, it's usually because she's really hot and not because she has some kind of deeper value. Admitting that is the first path to maybe dating hot girls. I don't know how that all works. Another reason. Almost anything goes. So there's no need to be educated or learn anything about how the body works, how steroids work. With that person started with or going, you can just say stuff which is really cool because you can just make videos with very little friction. Notice if there's a big upside is very little friction, kind of a code for of course a lot of these videos are going to be made. Another one. The sound a little derogatory, I guess some sense they are but it's just the reality, there's no need to provide any evidence because you're just guessing. Some videos do way better at this than others. Some content creators will focus on particular skin qualities, changes between picks of various timelinks, natural transformation photos of this person earlier, rumors about their cycles, coaches they've been working with that or known for pushing a lot of drugs and so on and so forth. That's some kind of evidence and that's good. Other folks just go and put up a picture of some person being sort of jacked and sort of go lean and go, here's why they're on drugs and they just go. In another sense, people make these videos because it's kind of a no-lose scenario. Check this out. If you do a physique, you critique a physique and you conclude that it is not nanny that this person probably took steroids. Remember, you can conclude that with no information at all. If you conclude they're not nanny, a lot of folks will see, we'll say, told you so and they'll cheer. Get them. Tell that, tell the world that these people aren't nanny. And in some sense, they think you might be doing a public service. We'll get two later actual benefits of nanny and some limited sense you are. Now, if you conclude that they are in fact nanny, you benefit again. How? Those are very same folks and still others will rebel, rebel, rebel in the comments, boosting the algorithmic reach of your video. They'll tell you how diluted you are, how nobody's really nanny. They'll post react vids and they'll get you even more attention. There are entire channels on YouTube that thrive exclusively off of gossipy attention. So when they say really correct things, people cheer. When they say they're long things, people engage either way they win. So man, Scott, am I convincing us to start a whole nanny or not channel here? It's too goddamn good to be true. In the end, however, there's only one core fundamental reason. The big gating variable here about why content creators make nanny or not that. And that answer is because other people keep watching them because users tune in. Which begs the question, and is the number two part of this video, why do people want to see nanny or not? Videos, I can think of at least a few answers. Some of the following is comedically altered in order to get you guys lolling a little bit of all of it has a grain of truth. First, and maybe the biggest one, simple gossipy curiosity. Like, you know, when something happens to a famous person that's famous enough, I'm that into famous people in shit, but I kind of want to know about it. Like Tom Cruise did what? You know, that thing will keep you scrolling through video at least just to see what's going on. It's not a goddamn thing wrong with that. We're all the public sphere. Nobody lost nobody found. Next is people in many cases who watch nanny or not videos to try to see what kind of games they can make drug free by seeing where the ceiling of their natural physique is and really where the ceiling of natural physics is in general. Like, if a lot, if you've seen a lot of nanny or not videos, anyone much over 220 pounds that's lean is going to be painted as not nanny and some people below 200 pounds. Lean are going to be painted as nanny. And you kind of said, okay, well, maybe something like 210 pounds lean is like maybe a good goal for me to chase in my own drug freeway because anything much north of that would be delusional, anything much further south like I already know nanny can do. So I can do. Is that a correct assessment? Absolutely not. I'll get to that in a bit. That's what people think they're getting out of that video is a perspective of what kind of games they could potentially make nanny if they at least know that any games north of this are not nanny. And that's kind of the second little part of this is people want to make sure that their own nanny goals aren't too high in the sky by being based on actual drug physics. The reason that's a separate point is this is not as big of a problem anymore because transparency and information is so intense on social media that more less the issue got kind of fixed. But for a long time ago, especially in the kind of like 2005 to 2015 era, I would say lots of digital media already. There was this problem where there were lots and lots of fake natties around or kind of default fake natties. People who had never denied steroid use, but never said they were nanny. They just got kind of bookended into fake natties. And a lot of people would say people just beginners. I don't want to say gollible people. But beginners and people without a big reference frame of what is possible, what isn't and how to look up to people with muscular physics and what to take away and what not to take away. A lot of these folks were looking at or actually drugged up physics and putting that into their world model as this is something I could attain drug free. I know this is true because I've had many non-communic non-humorous non-sarcastic Instagram comments and DMs that asked me when I was around 10% body fat at 240 pounds, veins, abs, 5, 6, 240 at like 40 years old, you genuinely asking me, is this nanny or is this attainable nanny? And the answer is almost certainly not. But lots and lots of people think yes. And so in nanny, you're not serve a pretty good purpose in that case for some people by just telling you a lot of the impressive people you see are not nanny. And all of a sudden you're less likely as a person who just doesn't know a whole lot about the physics space to come in and be like I want to look like Ronnie Coleman and this prime drug free. A lot of people do that but they do lower key versions of that and looking up to various classic physics athletes and looking up to men's physique athletes and famous influencers. And all of a sudden they can tamper down the expectations which is a really good thing because you know it's really weird to find out that like all the people you were looking up to and wanted to look like you're going to go out and go out and you thought you were just going to get there and hard work and broccoli and chicken or whatever the hell those guys say. Now here's where the slightly more comedic but nonetheless has elements of truth in it. Jab start becoming an if you are natural right you haven't used drugs yourself and your YouTube viewer and you are really insecure you can get validation about your own physique because well anything better than you is cheating on drugs if all of the physics you see and that you're not videos basically you're called not nanny and they're all impressive than yours you can just be super super content you're doing a good job you're okay anyone bigger than you is absolutely taking drugs. Now if you are on drugs and still insecure you can do a little bit of a wiggle tactic that's very similar you can look at all of the not nanny physics and you can say well most of these guys are in my realm of of look or better and they did it with drugs and this thing happens all the time guys with drug users they go well you know these guys are probably taking more drugs than me or for longer or more hardcore more expensive exotic drugs because they're famous and so even you know with my own limited drug use I'm able absolutely to look really really awesome and anyone who looks better than me is just on more drugs the reason I am jacked is because I'm gifted but not gifted with good genetics for lifting because that means I'm lazy of gifted with the ability to do hard work brother hashtag grind that's how I'm gifted the only gifts I got Scott was the fucking where my dad's work gloves and shovel when I was five years old brother we built this in country and then shit like that and so if you take drugs and you look at other people that are even more jacked the tape drugs you could just be like yeah they take more drugs and it's not because I suck at what I suck at because you're really insecure if you are insecure and make evidence based fitness content for example me I am both of those things you can riff on other insecure people and feel moreally superior pretending for a split second you're not also insecure see nanny or not it's mean everyone is having fun nobody left behind if the person being evaluated on a nanny or not claims nanny you can feel morally superior to them and and it really excited about watching them getting taken down a peg on an expose net or not video because they're trying to advance in a social hierarchy of fame by lying and not on your watch they're not going to do it so when lying cheating fake nanny's get exposed you feel good inside and to be frank there's a thing wrong with that like they should be exposed and should you feel good inside I don't know that gets complicated but at least you're justified in feeling like damn you guys lied to me now if the person being evaluated doesn't claim nanny you have a few choices you can pretend they claim nanny without doing to do diligence of actually figuring out if they ever did that's an option one thing I get consistently in my social media is people accusing me of being a fake nanny now those of you guys who have watched the channel for like Scott would a day and a half will realize I admit to drug use all the fucking time that even still will countless comments on the internet all over about me claiming that I'm a fake nanny and the cool thing is there's other commentators it read it and like all kinds of forums and Instagram will get in there and be like are you delusional this guy talks about him being on drugs all the time and sometimes most of the times people don't comment back but sometimes the comment like yeah but but people who buy his products don't know that and then comment back is like yes they do if they've ever been on social media and he actually goes out of his way to say that like his products are not going to get you his physique because that's literally impossible also I would you want to look like me in any case it doesn't matter much because you could even if someone claims not nanny you can pretend they claim nanny and get upset about it and then feel really good that they're being taken out of pack happens all the time the other thing you can do if the person doesn't claim nanny is just just lament about how fucked up things are man everyone taking drugs brother to clown world out there man clown emoji you're good to go you are a person who knows the truth all of the subtle influences and social media sphere do not affect you you see I die with ground truth reality and so no one can fool you everyone's on drugs and you've been telling people that for years howly was 100% on drugs you feel more of a superior every time someone and howly would get confirmed for being on drugs speculated about being on drugs is known to not be on drugs but you still know the on drugs you feel great about yourself oh that's why people watch nanny not videos he's really at the end of the day mostly to feel good about themselves and get a little gossipy juice pushed into there was going to squirt it into their mouths ooh that went weird all right now these videos are not without value they do provide value nanny or not videos provide value let me tell you how at least a few ways first it's great gossipy fun you guys the internet's about fun it's been on Amazon web services runs the whole world about this part of the internet's about fun and it's totally awesome and to limit it extent speculation about who's nanny or not especially if you've watched many of these videos can let you hone in on your own skills of observing bodies you watch enough nanny or not videos and you can start to tell where the rough consensus is on who or who isn't nanny the combination of size and leanness for example it leads most folks to assume they're on drugs and tell tail signs we call them deliver King signs of drug use like skin redness acne uh balding extra body hair deep in voice would know nothing about that fellas in any case if you really watch a lot of nanny in videos you can start to build on the consensus of nanny or not videos of what it is or probably isn't uh someone taking drugs which is good because then you kind of know better and you know who to trust and who not about various claims about their drug free status now where do these videos steer folks wrong in a couple of places first i just said that these videos can get you a pretty good idea about what the consensus is on who's nanny and who's not however here's the problem assuming that the rough consensus on who isn't or is nanny is correct is wrong remember most of the arguments about who's nanny or not are made on pure sophistry or incredulity you can watch lots of nanny not videos and be given precisely all for evidence yeah man i don't know man these veins man here's a real funny one that i absolutely adore muscle shape you guys will scot have you seen that before in comments of nanny or not videos his muscles are too round bro guys steroids and growth hornon do not affect your muscle shape at all they are incapable of doing so on any level of physiological reality that we know and there's also not a no versus not know there's no evidence that this happens and i don't mean evidence in some kind of scientific sense i mean in the real world it doesn't happen people some muscle bellies don't change shape when they get on gear they just grow or they shrink and a lot of people will say yeah man his delts are way too rounded man he's for sure on windstrawl or whatever i used to think that was a thing when the guys had little teeny veins because they were just really lean i would call them windstrawl veins there's a no such thing as a windstrawl vein there was such a thing as old school clown Mike still a clown just in different ways is just total nonsense so the idea that you're learning a lot about what isn't isn't nanny from videos is like half true half of it like look it's not fucking rocket science if someone's 250 pounds of strided glutes yeah they're not nanny it's not rocket science and if someone's 150 pounds a little pooch belly they're probably not on drugs right but what about this what about someone who's five foot nine thirty two years old a lifetime of dedicated training with pretty good genetics like their mom of their dad was like a natural pro back in the day and they weigh 187 pounds very lean are they nanny or not run a room before you answer this you don't know and you can't know unless you have tens on tons of other science like blood tests and stuff extreme redness balding and then you can still be wrong because some people just train and they turn red so the idea that you actually know dependable things from watching nanny or not is mostly not true with halfway true half of it is good but it's such a generality that if the actual edge cases which it matters having watched a bunch of nanny and odds by no means clear informs you on any more insight than you would otherwise have and the reality is an actual scientific data very well presented by Jeff Nipperd in the last few videos he's made shows that fat free mass index how much muscle you have for your height has a ton of overlap between drug free and non-drug free I've told the story once before I think maybe a few times I want to tell it again I was at a gym a long time ago about 10 years ago and 10 years ago 12 years ago and I was having a very nice conversation with a gentleman that approached me just to talk he was a student he was in the early 20s he was about 5 foot 7 a little taller than me and he weighed roughly 160 pounds I would estimate his body fat just a very general range of summer between 12 and 15 percent right yet the vision in your head 5 7 early 20s 160-ish pounds 13-ish percent body fat he talked to me at length about the sensations details and outcomes of his trend cycle that he had just finished how many people would say that guys on trend approximately zero if you did an ad you're not video about him he was a regular guy you would never do an ad you not video about him but if you did you would be like of course he's adding you would be wrong there's tons of people using drugs that look like they don't use drugs and the other side is true there are tons of people that look like they use drugs that don't they just don't use drugs and you think they do mostly because you're coping and you learn all of your science from that or not videos no offense all love and respect that's not you of course it's other people we can laugh at those other people another problem and this is a huge problem maybe the biggest is assuming that other people's natural gains other people's natural gains somehow tell you what your own natty peak could look like if you kept cranking for 5 to 10 years the reality is this genetics account for more variation in muscularity and the population then drug use does and you don't account for genetics any time that you consider these variables control training studies show not just resultant physics but the pace of gains in any 12 to 16 week period with only naturals are wildly different there are people no joke that in 16 week training studies gain 15 pounds of measured muscle guys ready for this in the same studies there are people who over 16 weeks lose two to three pounds of muscle they're trained by university trainers in the study and they lose muscle and some people gain 15 pounds would you guys ever start training someone in the other quote so for 16 weeks what can I expect right yeah a good goal to shoot for is 15 pounds of muscle you that's a 100 result you would be you would be setting people down ship creek without a f***ing paddle of hope why would you ever do that at the same time if someone was like hey man what can I expect from 16 weeks of training okay you probably lose two or three pounds of muscle the better did you mean game like no I meant lose here's the study here's three individuals that lost muscle in this sample of 30 people what the so we already know simple responses to training in short timeframes lead to radical differences between people and so if you look at someone who's 175 pounds and five foot eight and let's say they really deep dive on them and they work with this guys really drug free his natural natural pro and world championship level guy the probability that you can look like him given an average genetics is almost zero if you have exceptional genetics first of all you probably don't consume this kind of content because you're busy just getting swollen drowning and posty all the time because we all know round adults do that big arms big muscular manly bats what I'm saying if you do have elite genetics then maybe you could look like your own best version of that 10 years down the line but that's only if you have the kind of calibrated genetics that they do and the average person is average genetics and some people have slightly worse than average genetics so they're way outside of the line of making these things and some people have better than average genetics many people but not that good so when you see someone who's at the peak of their madness and there's a most jacked maddie one thing you'll see constantly and I mean constantly are people talking about oh it's good to see what a maddie can achieve because it helps me with my own goals do not do that please do not do that the vast majority of people that make it into the NFL are drug free when they enter the NFL most college guys don't use steroids I don't know have been a lot I've been a product hunt of collegiate football players with a streak of conditioning coach for while I know these guys in person it's all on the flow down I was on steroids when I was around them and all of most of them just don't use steroids straight up maybe some of them do most of them don't can you imagine imagine yourself as a freshman football player realistically planning your trajectory as an average football player to be like yeah I feel like um you know like lots of guys make it to the pro leagues uh drug free I can do that I'm gonna be a pro football player I mean look guys I'm not here to pop hope bubbles but like if you have talent and you're ready to take a big risk you can put that idea in your head but as a realistic idea most of us will never grow pro at American football when we're freshman in high school most people just don't do that the exceptional genetics have to be there and so when you're looking at an ad you're not's and you're like well I want to look at these nanny nauts because I want like a realistic appraisal of what natties can do no one to know that's not what you're getting you're getting a realistic appraisal of what the very best natties can do maybe realistic ideally realistic so when you're looking at that equation it's just not telling you anything remotely pertinent to you in the in any sense of the word if you want to find out what you can look like drug free you have two choices one is you go to mental hencil men's nattie max calculator you're gonna enter in a bunch of metrics about your physique and it's gonna tell you roughly what you can expect to add muscle related muscularity wise towards that your nattie peak way better than looking at nattie or not videos because remember those are almost exclusively and genetically elite people or you can do the even more precise thing of just training for five to ten years consistently with good diet and after five to ten years you're gonna figure out what the trajectory is and what your baseline rate is you're gonna know like if after three years of training you're ripped to shreds 170 in this last year you gain ten pounds of muscle shit man it might be realistic for you after eight years of training and real meticulous dieting so be like stage lean and somewhere in the one 90s right now if you've been training for six years hard core and you're 163 pounds in in the last two years you went from one sixty to one sixty three one ninety five eight's probably not gonna happen for you because your trajectory of improvement is barely notable and you're already thirty pounds off of your goal that's unrealistic so the real good way to see which way you're headed is to crank at it for a few years see how much muscle you gain and see how fast the rate of gain is going then you can project a kind of a drop off a some taught at curvilinear curve it's yeah it's gonna slow down but where is it gonna slow down if i'm gaining like crazy after three years early when somebody lean you're like after another five years one ninety might be a thing sure but if it's the one sixty to one sixty three between your six and eight of your training very intensely very good nutrition to all the right things you know the realities not gonna agree with you that you're gonna be in the one 90s super without drugs so at the end of the day you're not learning at ton from nanny or not videos let me sum it up in the following way if you're watching nanny or not videos to try to get some gossipy vibes god bless you it's all in good fun but if you think that you're not tell you very much about the actual world and your own natural potential it's highly unlikely so the way you should be watching nanny or not videos in my opinion and how i watch them sometimes is like you watch pro wrestling it's entertaining sometimes even educational but if you think it's a road map to your own gains you're already way way off script do you want real nanny games or not nanny games the RP hypertrophy app link in description will help you get gains you got a little bit of money we got a lot of gains for you but i'm gonna lie to you and say gains guaranteed no we don't do that or pee because we're trying to be honest anyway honestly Scott let's start lying next video will be a total lie see you guys done