Hey, folks. Dr. Mike here for Renaissance Pre-Dization, and today's hypertrophy myth is that you must train to failure in order to grow your best. Let's grow the most muscles and experience the most happiness. Let's talk about the myth. Let's talk about some of the good points of kind of a mood to the bad stuff that makes it mythical, and then some real talk at the end to make sure we're on the same page. So the myth is expressed in various ways quite often I will add the socials as at least Australians say. If you're Australian, please confirm that that's what you call social media. Me, I'd like to call it social and media, or SNM for short. Anyone? No one. Let me know in the comments if that's some kind. All right. So people will say that if you're not going to failure, you'll even grow from the tank. Why leave growth in the tank? All right? People say that failure training is key especially in advanced beginners and get away with whatever. You gotta go to failure for advanced. Okay? Or failure training is especially a good idea in beginners because in beginner it really doesn't know how far from failure he is and needs to be taught to go to failure within the first several weeks of training so that he doesn't spend time swimming around or many duck pond where he could be in the ocean catching these failure growth waves or whatever. Two other points which Scott the video guy and I just discussed comically is in the same comment section in the same video or Instagram post or even better Tik Tok post or even better Fox White post. You'll have people saying that Matties, natural lifters, have to train to failure unlike those lazy stupid steroid addict bucks that can just get away with push in the needle into the ass. Matties have to go to failure because they have to earn the shit the hard way and in that exact same thread. Me or three or four comments down. You'll have another mentally not outstanding individual or someone who just chair to be hasn't thought this through saying that well only steroid people can recover from training to failure and that's not how Natty should train Natty's need to do reps and reserve. It is funny to me that those two people can be in the same comment section and it's kind of like my fantasy is that I would like to see those two people meet in real life and well you know in a terrarium and with a cheering crowd around and a Roman style gladiated weapons and just just go to town. Another one of those good fights we should get like a Roman Cosmodrome thing to really bring the gladiatorship back but no MMA shit fighters MMA fighters are too good I can't relate to how they fight. I don't know regular people but jilted regular people here is another act we're building act fight to the death. Same thing it's all for the crowd. Vegan versus carnivore SJW versus all truck trump maga conservative Scott what else we got? Pineapple on pizza versus no pineapple on pizza versus everyone else you get the idea dinosaur versus mechanical spider from wild wild west. All right fuck this video in the comments below get back to the shit in the side. In the comments below type in anything versus anything else in a bit of refucking good the most upvoted comment will get to feel good about me most upvoted what are we putting in this fucking maga terrarium one v1 all right so anyway the myth is like people should be training a failure because reasons. Now there are some good reasons if you're an immediate or advanced at least some of the time you should be training a failure or very close to failure because it's the definition of hard and how do you know you're training close to failure if you never really push it to failure and test the boundaries. You really can't so instead of pretending you're doing two or three RIR but it's really six or seven RIR you want to maybe every mesocycle or every two at the very end of the mesocycle in the last training week as you've made training harder and harder right before the deal load you might be interested in going really all the way to failure to hey got a great stimulus it's okay about the fatigue because we get to rest the week after and at the same time you were going to be able to test the waters and like you know if you got sets of 10 10 10 10 10 and you thought there were two or one RIR and then you'd go to failure and you get a set of 16 and yeah yeah yeah I was seven reps away from failure I've been lying to myself that's why I've been growing like shit so then later you can come back to that workout and do sets of 13 or 14 to make sure you really are as close to failure as you are so great shit testing so there's some good stuff to go and close to failure it's not all like training like it was all the time. Now here's the bad stuff of trying to get everyone to train to failure all the damn time. First beginners grow super well from far away from failure training anyway. Eight seven six five reps away from failure is a great place to train beginners. For two reasons one their thresholds for growth are so low they get damn near maximum growth for barely even trying. That's the new stage you don't have to beat the shit out of your joints and out of your mind and go into psychophalia and having you know vomiting blood between sets because you can just get the easy gains why don't get them while they're there. The second reason is that the most important thing you can do with beginners short of training them a little bit in a tough way to get them games is to help them learn proper lifting technique and proper lifting technique cannot to be learned in an environment in which you're pushing them really close to failure because especially with beginners and whom technique is not ingrained yet their technique will break down the closer they get to failure. So if you stop them at three or four ups and reserve before they start to be all wobbly or just as they're starting to get wobbly you're good to go they're learning great technique and getting great gains. The few insist that they go to failure all the time the last couple reps of bench press turned into like the bar goes like this and there's one leg comes up suddenly new the shit struggling for survival hit the fucking rack bounces off hit the dick bounces off. That's not good training and it sets up really poor habits and it'll get them heard eventually when they get strong enough so we don't want to do that with beginners for sure. Now the second thing is that the body of literature as a whole says that roughly two or three reps and reserve is the best for growth over the course of a training program. The body of literature as a whole is conducted mostly on people who are not very well trained or hardly trained at all. There's a term called recreationally trained which means they've been training for like two or three years like three or four times a week. There's another term called untrained in which they you ask them heavy-arveled from weights before and they're like once in high school you're a great case you're untrained. Those are most of the folks we study and how we develop that knowledge to say hey two or three RIR is really what is the best and you could say well that's shitty external validity how we apply in this to people who are like more jacked like us like me like you well at least you maybe not me but hold out a second we actually underestimating it because from these studies if it's two or three let's say two RIR is the best and zero RIR failure is a little bit worse. In reality you're saying it hold on everyone's not going close to failures they think maybe the two RIR people are really five RIR and the zero RIR people are really two RIR. Fine but the five RIR model fuckers is still getting better gains bro explain that shit so if we're saying failure really is undirated and in the studies don't pick it up how the fuck if it was undirated then the failure people would for sure grow way more than the fucking RIR people because they would be at two RIR and reality the failure people that RIR people would be a fine RIR and two is so much closer to failure than five it would have to make a big growth impact but it doesn't so holy shit there is just not really any compelling evidence that training to failure is remotely needed in most cases close to failure is a great idea. At failure if you're really insistent to go to failure is a must you are saying a dogmatic thing that borders on a religious thing yes I know Dorian Yates yes Midlands England yes JP all those cool accents and telling you you're a pussy amazing I love it I got all the time in the world for that shit that's when we put our feeling hat on and half feelings when we put our take our feelings hat off and put our thinking hat on then we start to realize like wait a minute not that shit really makes a whole lot of sense or at least a limited amount of sense here's the thing about failure training the SFR stimulus to fatigue ratio of failure training sucks the raw stimulus magnitude of going of failure is the highest it could be the raw amount of growth you get in one session going of failure versus not failure you get more growth for sure the problem is you get so much fatigue generated from going of failure rather than just a little bit before failure it's way more fatigue than you get stimulus so you may get 15% more growth but two times the amount of fatigue that fatigue spills over into the next workout adds up even more into the next week adds up even more into the next several weeks adds up even more and you're depending shitty quality training and sort of a fall apart it is not sustainable because it's stimulus to fatigue ratio is not that good that's not ideal if on the other hand your training volume is a really low like your capable of doing 10 sets of 2 hour hour but you normally just train with 5 sets because you're like a hit person high intensity training person yes going to failure boost your hypertrophy closer to that 10 hour hour or 10 sets of 2 hour hour situation and then it actually does make sense for you to go really close to failure that's a shitty reason to do it because you could just not be a hit advocate and be a normal fucking person and do 10 sets like everybody else but you could be in a situation which is just too busy you have a lot on your plate you could only train a few times a week for 45 minutes at a time you can only do a few sets per muscle group then yes grind everything to fucking failure and maybe even some force reps because you don't have to worry about the fatigue you don't train enough for a cumulative fatigue to really be a huge factor and you need as big of a stimulus from every set as possible yes that is true that is a thing but if you training for optimal hypertrophy and you're doing as many sets as needed it's better to do the average 2 hour over the mezzo with as many sets as between your minimum effective volume and your maximum recovery more like 3 to 10 sets per session per work out and not like just 2 or something like that or one set to failure or some crazy shit at the end of a mezzo it is a good idea to go very close to failure and I absolutely think you should do it in most cases but every session that's a bit of a last stretch lastly to advanced folks need to go closer to failure or 2 failure to grow and the one hand maybe because they need such a big raw stimulus magnitude nothing else cuts it at that point maybe so if you're advanced you may be able to benefit from going very close to failure if not 2 failure more often on the other hand for you you're so big and so strong and so close to your genetic ceiling as an advanced lifter that the stimulus to fatigue ratio of going a failure is even worse and then it's less sustainable so maybe it's an argument for you going further from failure I have no idea which one of those is true the literature is rather equivalent on them so my personal current tends to if hypothesis and the way I train myself is just a sum it's about the same as for intermediates I don't know that for sure it's an open question let me know what you think in the question below and let's see if we can shift your comments out from all the other stupid shit we talked about today folks if you want more sciencey shit nerds shit subscribe to our channel there's a sorry I enjoy the member section it's just a little bit of money and you get shitload more videos super consistent about that we're never going to charge you for these videos here on the main channel we're never reducing our main channel for you to rip you off for a couple of guys being like yeah man I can't believe they started charging videos no dumb on the fucker we did not start charging for videos we give you the same number even more videos than before for free and then we also put in extra other videos that you can charge for and where you can pay for and if you don't want to pay for them word up no worries you're not losing out anything but if you really want some more shit check that out like comment subscribe tell your friends to subscribe tell your enemies to subscribe call up grandma hey grandma how are you great that's nice subscribe to Renaissance periodization youtube I'll see you guys next time you