Are you frustrated, discouraged, disheartened? Because you're not building muscle. This is the number one reason why that most people don't. Need a hint. It all comes back to your training intensity. Now before you say that's not the most important thing. It's my diet or the fact that G&C stopped carrying my super draw. Those are obvious basic ones that are right in your face that are easy to fix. The normal ones are off. You just go see a doctor. If you're diet screwed up, even if it's bad and you crap all the time as long as you get enough protein, you're going to build muscle. You're just be one of those very muscular, very chubby assholes. What I'd argue training intensity is even more of a prevalent problem because if you ask people that they train hard enough, they're going to say, of course I do. But if you look around the gym, you notice that very few people are even sweating. Let alone breathing hard. I think it's just because people don't know what that actually means. They think because it's difficult. That means they've done a good job. We have to go over exactly what that looks like to do that. We're going to head to the studio. But first, everybody always asked me what I ate in a day. This will give you a little insight of how boring that day actually is. This could be a commercial for antidepressants because that is fucking sad. So when I was a kid, my mom would always buy me the best Christmas presents. And then about a week later, she'd ponder on them off at some pawn shop. Now it's hated her for it until I go over and realize it's because I can't have nice things. This car already cracked the windshield and his tires about to go flat windshield, not a big deal. Tire, it's the reason I got this car because obviously they're fun to drive. But to me, the worst people in the world are at gas stations. You don't believe me? See you around a game show dropped anywhere in the world and they said, we'll give you a million dollars if you can buy some crack, where would you go? It's really a circle K unless you got desperate, 7-11. First let's make something clear. Nobody in Nathalie has the skill to just push themselves to that level of intensity. Unless you're a complete sociopath, I thought I was, but it took somebody shown me the actual intensity needed to push to work out. This is the level. This is different because you're going to be people watching this thing and you understand. I play high school football, I scored 4-10 stands a single game. I know how to push myself. That's different. There's a team, there's camaraderie of a coach, common goal. You could hurt yourself, but it's kind of the unknown with this, training to this level. It's a guarantee and it's basically just you versus you. So at any time, you could back out of it and say, you know what, I'm a little sorted day maybe I shouldn't push it or I should probably take the day off because rest equals growth, right? I remember Kai Green having a quote on this, it's something along the lines of that people going on push themselves to this level have to be a little demented. Now, we stuck with maybe because when most people talk about working out exercise, they always say you should do it because it gives you energy. I don't know what the fuck they're talking about. This training like this could absolutely ruin you and mess up your entire day and screw up your plans to go to bedbath and beyond. But that's okay because that's a known evil. That's kind of the price we paid to build that muscle. But also, I mean, for most of us, this is therapy because we are a little fucked up. So what does that even look like? Well, I made you this little diagram. It's not a diagram. What are the fuck this is? Say you got four sets of 20. First set, you get all the way there, all 20 reps. Second set, you get 18, you force that two more. They're not pretty. You find a way to get there. Third set, you get 15 plus three ugly ass reps, last set, you get 13, 2, 2, 1, quarter rep that has got off of you. I hope nobody saw because it was fucking embarrassing. How many steps did you do? Three. That first set does not count. I only count working sets. If I go and I push myself to failure. The other ones, that's a warm-up set. Doesn't count. I'd add another set or if it was me, I wouldn't stop at 20. I just keep going until my body fell. So what about a superset compound set or giant set? You should fail in all of them. What about abs? You push that to failure? Abs of fucking loot. But I'm sure somebody's gonna ask, wait a minute. You're telling me that all your working sets are to complete failure and then you just squeeze out whatever reps you have left. Yes. And you must be sore all the time. Also, yes. Very badly. So next question is, how do you get yourself to do that every single time because you will get complacent? You can get up tricks up your sleeve. Hey, Siri. Search for Evil Bitch, first love, broken heart, middle part. Works every time. That one was so awful that she broke me the day before Halloween and you know how women like to wear some scandalous stuff on Halloween night. Haven't a seared of party. Apparently, she bought the slutty as devil costume that she could find. She threw away the entire thing and just wore the tail. Still gets me. Feel like doing a century set right now. My last obvious question is, why? Why push yourself this hard, why go through it? Why? Obviously, answer is, it's the fastest way to build muscle. Push yourself to failure in every single working set. We'll get you to growth you want. But even deeper than that, when I see somebody who's built up, man, woman doesn't matter, I immediately know something about them. Now, I might talk to them and realize our dumb as a box of rocks. But at least I know that they're willing to push themselves harder than pretty much anybody else. And that separates them. And instantly, they have my respect. And if you want to know exactly what that's like, I'll leave a link to the programs in the description, the garage, in the 30 day full gym program. And I'm sure people in the comments that have taken it, will tell you it will change the way you look at working out. You realize, holy shit, I had no idea what I was actually capable of when I completely decided, you know what? I'm going to try to hurt myself and see what happens. Usually what happens in a growing a shitload. Again, in 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, each of them, pretty damn simple. And if you haven't checked out these two videos, I watch those next. But most importantly, subscribe, hit the notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.