10 pounds in seven days. It's not clickbait. This overly husky man lost 10 pounds in seven days from this peptide. We're 245. Couple days. Yeah. Let's go. Yeah. Okay. It's called semi-glue time. And today we're going over everything you need to know about it and exactly how I take it because it's a little bit different. And this is huge. It could save your big fat life. Here's the deal at this point. I'd given up on Adam. I convinced him I was signing him up for fat camp. And for some reason, he didn't realize there is no fat camp for 31-year-old men. And this is the place. Oh, I forgot to back. And in reality, I was just leaving him in the desert to die. But later that week, I was listening to a podcast and heard somebody I really respect, say, This is the first thing I've seen in your life. Oh, shit. So I dug in deeper, started doing some research, then started taking it myself. And after about a week, I realized this could save Adam's big fat mess of life. Sorry, but it looks like the cancel that this year. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Is it a dirty sandcha? 100%. Who gave you a dirty sandcha? I don't know, dude. Got weird out here. Dude's myself. Now, I'm sure your first response is going to be similar to that of Adam's girlfriend. I don't know. I mean, I just feel like he can do it on his own. Here's the problem. This is Adam in high school. And here's Adam today. At no point in the past 13 years has he done anything but slowly eroded. He wrote his starting body fat percentage was 36%. That's the same amount of fat in heavy cream. So after agreeing with his girlfriend, then he was wrong. That was a dumb idea. He's definitely not going to take it. We found a clinic right by his house and he took his first shot of semi-glutite. So the question is, what is it? Structurally, it's 95% identical to GLP1, which is a 30 amino acid peptide that's naturally secreted by your intestines. And it's responsible for making you feel satiated as well as stimulating insulin secretion. It's your body's way of telling you the stop eating, a big fat. I need to do something visually to show what a game changer this is. So the 1961 diabetes with a BMI of 30 or greater will be represented by these gummy bears. This pile is the placebo group. The 655-sorry bastard to spend 68 weeks mostly just eating their own tears. In this pile, 1300 six participants given semi-glutite progressively worked up to a dose of 2.4 milligrams per week, which in my little experience is insane. If I took that, I would need for a month. The trial was ran for 68 weeks. Everyone involved was given a very strict diet and training protocol. And the percentage of people in the placebo group to lose at least 5% of their body mass was 33.1%. The percentage of people that lost at least 10% of their body mass was 11%. And those that lost at least 15% of their body mass, 5%. And those that lost a whopping 20% of their body mass, 2%. Now in the semi-glutite group, the percentage of people that lost at least 5% of their body mass was 92%. The percentage of people that lost at least 10% of their body mass was 74.8%. Those that lost at least 15% of their body mass was 54.8%. And those that lost at least 20% of their body mass, which just so we're clear, is a fuck ton. If the person was 400 pounds, that means they lost 80 pounds over the course of a year and three and a half months. Fucking insane. The percentage of people in this group that lost that, 34.8%. So why am I telling you this? Why am I going through the process of testing this on myself? I'm not ignorant to the fact that my childhood perfectly prepared me for this. Growing up around a bunch of alcoholics makes you know that the only way to not end up like that is to live a structured life. Some people just didn't have that luxury. They grew up with good parents and had a happy childhood. And that shit fucked you up. It doesn't prepare you for the fact that life's not fair. And we'll only give you as much as you're willing to sacrifice. So I don't expect people halfway through their lives to suddenly learn self-control. And we all have those people in our lives. I guarantee there's somebody close to you that's just slowly eating themselves to death. And let's be honest, for all those greedy bastards like myself, this could potentially unlock what you thought was previously possible based upon your genetics. I mean shit, I'd lost 10 pounds in two weeks. I've even heard Joe recently talk about semiglutas. Saying it's what turned Chloe Kardashian from a... Man, to a... All right. Now I had Adam do a dexascan about a week apart and there is bad news. He lost muscle mass, but I'll take the blame for that because I just assume that he knew he should be eating protein or even what protein is. And it turns out he just ate a shitload of chewy bars. But we'll know for sure if that's something we need to look out for in three weeks when I get another scan. Their good news is he lost just under three pounds of pure fat and of that almost a full pound of visceral fat. Even the guy taking the test had no idea how the fuck that happened. So why am I so excited about this? Why make an entire video? Because this is potentially for anyone. That's why I'm testing it, Adam's on it, and even my wife is taking it because the efficacy mix with the low risk profile means that it stretches across the board. It could be used in a competitive bodybuilding sense or your uncle who's won cheeseburger away from a heart attack. Now the way I take this is a little bit different because remember, this was originally designed for fat and lazy people. So they gave him one milligrams once a week. If you do that, you're gonna fill the side effect of being nauseous. So what I do is I split it up into a daily dose. I take 0.15 milligrams or 150 micrograms daily. Then ends up adding up to a little over a gram a week. How do you get it? Well, it's pretty damn easy to get. I recommend everybody just go to a TRT clinic. Most of them will have it nowadays. It's simple, but I'm not ignorant to the fact that you can order this stuff online because it's still kind of the wild wild west when it comes to peptides. And no, I'm not gonna recommend my favorite website that happens to be in the thumbnail of this video. At the end of the day, I don't know how long I'm gonna stay on this for, but I wanted to test it and share it with you because it could potentially save your big fat fucking life. Got to wear out here. Do the myself. All right.