All right, today we're going over the exercises. You need to program if you're serious about building muscle, but not just what to do more importantly, how to do it. Let's get after it. So I saw a reason video on this. And my first thought was somebody by that man, a shirt. Then my second thought was, that's the opposite of what I think. So I definitely need to make a video on it because it was lacking context. I think the most important thing is how you do these specific exercises, not just what you should do. And people of the option of doing workouts at home, just in case you still live in their mom's basement. So let's break it down body part by body part. I'll start with quads because that's the one that people hate the most. Now for my money, if you have access to it, the absolute acid or all exercises is the hacksquad. Now there's two ways you can make it more intense. Well, there's a lot, but my favorite two ways are slowing it down to a complete crawl or doing drop sets. Well, make you throw up your juice box right over your nose. Now if your stuck with limited equipment, don't stress. You can still kick your ass at home with squats, but squats like everybody else does. Because I don't think you should ever program an exercise. It hits a general area. You always want to be specific with what you're training. So doing high bar squats, feet nice and close, and maybe you put your heels on something to really tear up those quads is the way to go. Next up, hamstrings. And my favorite way to tear them up and make it look like you have some sort of disgusting growth in the back of your leg is with lying leg curls. But done in a very specific way. First, pointing those toes away the entire time, planter flexion. And yeah, it's going to jump into those calves. But if you can stomach it, it's going to create a more painful contraction in those hamstrings. Second thing is, I like to lift myself off the pad. That just ensures those hips stay down. Those glutes can't take over. And the hands are the only thing to work in. But if you have the coordination of four-year-old grown, you can't handle both those things at once. At least curl the weight up and hold the top for five seconds. That'll tear them up as well. Now if you're stuck at home, I would still say lying like curl just do the dumbbell version. Only problem there is just a matter of time before you drop it and crush one of those oblong shaped nuts. Now whether you're at home or the gym, if you're not doing sumo's, it's just a matter of time before those farts start leaking out of your ass. Because they are the absolute best thing to build those glutes. But make sure you're not coming straight up. You actually rotate over top of your hips and you do them the fucking right way. Now shoulders are pretty complex. So if anybody tells you just to heavy presses, I need you to do your best to squeeze out a fart, cup in your hand, and feed it to them like an infant because they need to remember this. For anterior delts, you're always going to get a better result from doing raises than you are pressed. So if you have access to cable, squeezing across your body, you're really isolated that head. It's going to get the job done. If you're stuck at home and then grabbing a little bit lower and a plate and doing a front raise is a lot better than pressing something heavy and chewing down those farts. Never forget. For that lateral head to me, there's nothing better than machine side lateral. But hitting every various thing you could think of back to back to back, parts of the top, bottom, folds, just holding the weight. We'll give you that width, you're desperately lacking. For the girth, nothing I could do about that. Chode for life. Best home version is just wind up all your wife's colorful dumbbells and do drop set side ladders and tell them, think, row. We're a poster, adults, whether I'm at a regular gym or a hotel gym, they said was fully equipped, which is code for we have a treadmill that skips when you walk in a water fountain with paper cups. I still do these so they must be good. Specifically, what they are, just the rotations you would do in an oral press, you're doing here, but lying on a bench. Now you could do these with drop sets, but there are enough as is just two straight sets. You'll hate them. Now for chest, you're never limited by the equipment you have access to. I guarantee we all know somebody that went to jail came back out with really developed tits and then asked hold it whistles in the wind. But for me personally, I've always found the best results from just attacking that chest relentlessly, but something like giant sets. So doing a dumbbell press into a coffin press, into a fly, into a pushup and tell you, fall on smash your face. Now no one can argue with the effectiveness of dead lives to build that foundation and thickness of your back, but if you go to the gym and pull four reps and then look around for somebody to smack you on the ass and tell you good job, you're doing it wrong. You don't truly tap into the effectiveness of this exercise and take it those extreme rep ranges. Those 20, 30 reps sets? That's where the magic happens. IE, something's about to blow out of your back when you're driving home and you'll gladly shit out your spine and then you start yelling, who the fuck put this lumbar support in here? Now when it comes to growing those lats, the most important thing, even more important than the actual exercise itself, is finding things you can do where you keep the elbow and a fix position at home that could be a dumbbell pullover. I do drop sets there. At the gym, I grab a V-bar handle, hit the lap, pull down, same thing. Keep the elbow and fix position, rotate around that handle and make sure your lats are actually pulling the weight, not your fucking biceps. Now the most important thing for arms is having a great connection and pushing a ton of blood. For triceps at home, I'm doing the trifocent, which is a seated French press, a lying skull crusher, and a close grip press. If I have access to cables and I'm cutting it down and doing parses at the top, the bottom, full range of motion and then probably some push ups are attempting to do push ups. There's no fucking way though. Now when it comes to biceps, the best exercise you can do out of your home or out of a van down by the river is just grabbing some dumbbells, tuck them into your stomach and doing high rep drop sets and tell those damn things, Bob. If you're at the gym, I would grab an easy bar attachment, go reverse grip and then flip those hands over, close grip, wide grip, drag curls, good fucking lock. If I had to choose one machine for calves, it'd be the city calf race, because there's so many different variations you can do. You can go toes and toes out. You can do parses at the top, parses at the bottom. You can do drop sets. You can just sit there and hold the stretch for a while until you throw up. It's phenomenal. That's why I say you're best, if your stuck at home is mimicking this by squatting all the way down on top of those calves and flexing against those hamstrings and tell something crabs. Oh my god, traps, you forgot traps. If you need help with traps, you're a lost cause, because that's easy. Just grab a barbell, do a hundred shrugs and ice your balls afterwards. After all that, if you still need me to grab you by the foreskin that makes up the majority of your chode and drag you through these workouts, that's why I created programs that are linked to the description. They're only 20 bucks. It's for you bud. I made him for people with forcecat. That's basically what I just fucking said. Now, if you need help growing those legs, I'd watch this video next. If you are a diabetes, this is the next video you should watch, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.