All right, today we're in the gym. We're hitting back because a couple of people reached out and they said, you know, just not getting the results I want. And I think I know exactly what that is. Also, here me on this. There's a certain type of person that likes these videos, snarky humor, workout tips. I thought maybe as a whole can give that community a name. And the first thing that came to mind is the Meg's. Now, it sounds stupid, but once you know the reason why makes a lot of sense. Now, it's not the shark that horrible movie that they made. It's not a abbreviation for anything. Actually, it's my sister in law's name. Show you, I think, someone asshole. I just think this will piss her off even more. So that or the chodes, your choice. So I've talked about different ways to make sure and get in that back more than your biceps, specifically in certain exercises, keep in the album of fixed position. Or maybe heard the analogy before of having hooks for hands, which is incredibly awful on that selling, but if it works for you, keep doing that. But you can take that information, go on the world and still screw it up because that's not everything. So today we're going to go even more detail. How to really engage that back on certain lifts. So I realized the other day as I was doing my normal version of CD cable runs, they're pretty damn abnormal because I'm more than happy to shorten that range of motion to a point where it doesn't look like I'm doing much, but it ensures that it's just my back moving the way. So the way I do that is my sit nice and tall engaged in that lower back, but completely disengaged an upper back, letting those lats open up. And at the same time, I'm finding the urge to let those hands drift forward. I keep this close to my can to my body. And that really puts even more stress on those lats open up even further. And then from there, that stack only moves as much as I'm able to contract back. Now when it comes to T-bar rows, unless you're staying a little more straight up and down trying to hit those traps, or maybe you're just giving that other thing a break for a while, stroking your ego instead by moving some heavy weight, which is fun to do sometimes. I think you're better served by going lighter, especially when you're trying to hit those lower lats. Two things on these first, I always use 25 because if I shorten the range of motion, it's going to be on my terms, not because they got 45s on here, and I'm smashing against my chest. And the second thing is I'm trying to stay parallel in the floor, because some people reach out and they said, how do you get these weird overdeveloped lower lats? That simple. All you're going to do is do exercises that focus on putting stress on where they actually lats originate from less than that insertion point. And the cool thing about this exercise, I'm like most of the back exercises, is actually the contraction starts, more towards that origin, and finishes off where they insert. I know we're perfect, we're reaching out to you. Maybe you're a little bit more risked versus me. You don't want to do an exercise where at any moment you can make a wrong move or sneeze and potentially get your spine, but to me, it's worth the risk. The results are that good. Now, if that's not the case, let's put the training wheels back on and do a version on the bench that works pretty damn good as well. Now, I'm going to stick and see a lot of people make on these. They just arch that back the entire time and they just yank that way down. But to me, it's a little bit more multi-dimensional than that, because not only can you get a little flex and extension of that back, which is going to light up the spine of directors, but also, you can relax those shoulders, wrap that back around the bench, and then arch up, squeeze, and then pull everything around, wrap those shoulders back, and it's going to hit and light up your entire back. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.