All right, today we're going in depth on three of the most common barbell squat variations in the techniques you can use to get even more growth out of them. Also out of warm up and prime those legs properly. They'll increase your flexibility. Make you feel more confident, but also a little size on because it sucks. Let's get after it. So, traditionally when you see people warm themselves up for squats and are in a constant balancing act between making sure their flexibility is on point range motion is there. They feel comfortable, confident in the movement, but also not over-exerting themselves because strength is the name of the game for them. So that would be very precise about working themselves up to the exact weight they want to hit. But when you train like us, that's not the case. All you have to do is to fix yourself up to the point that allows you to fix yourself up even more. So we can still from physical therapists and take an exercise. It's often used in a clinical setting for people with various knee issues and use it to not only ease into squatting with some serious depth, but also use it for exactly what it is. And exercise and kick our own asthma. And they actually name this exercise. It escapes me, but I know it was something Spanish and the last thing I want to do is be insensitive. So let's just play it safe and call it the dirty Sanchez. And there's two separate variations I want you to try because they both have their own unique benefits. The first one is you wrap that band around and put one foot into each loop. Nice part about this one is it feels a little more equal as far as the tension's concerned. A little bit more stable as you're doing the movement, but also it's a little better contraction is you're coming up and kicking those knees back. The second one is you're going to wrap that band around tight into a knot and then step into one giant loop. Benefit here is it's going to put pressure on those knees. So you have to actually drive those knees out, which is going to warm those ab vector muscles, those glutes. And anybody who has an issue as you squat, you feel like those knees are starting to cave in on you. This is a great warm up for you, but anyway, who doesn't have that issue, it's just a nice reminder of how you're supposed to be squatting. And here's three important tips no matter what various you use first before you even start. Make sure you get tension on that band. Second, make sure that back's nice and tall as you go down. So get those arms involved. And then as you come up, don't just stand straight up, actually drive those knees back and then flex those quads as hard as you can. And you should immediately get an aha moment because after that first wrap you realize, there's no pain in your knees. It's feel great. Few more reps in and you're warmed up. And then you know if you go any further, this is going to hurt like hell. And that's when the light bulb goes off and you realize why do three or four sets of these to failure? My life's going to suck. All the start with everybody's favorite, the high bar squat. And the question comes up is, are certain type of shoe I should wear should I go barefoot? And really it's just a matter of what kind of squat you're doing and how bad your fucking feet stay. Because for me, I like to do traditional squats where my feet are flat on the ground in nothing but socks because those toes gripping the floor act as a kinesthetic trigger to remind me to drive those knees out. But if you're going to do a variation like I'm about to show where your heels are on a plate, then you're going to own a worse shoes. And I've talked about elevating those heels as a way to instantly improve your range of motion while you simultaneously work on your ankle flexibility that way. You're not wasting any time and you're not limited with your ability to squat, but this is a little different. We're pushing it to the extreme because we're going to put those feet all the way together. We're going to drive those knees together. We're doing 15 reps with those feet nice and close. And we're going to open up those toes, bringing that vases media else a little bit. So we started by hitting that vases ladder out of the outside of your quad and we open them up. We hit that vases media else just tear the entire quad up for 30 reps total, but 15 and 15 each. All right. Next up we're going over a variation of low bar squats, which I'm sure some of you've done before, but for some reason I never had to one day I wanted to squat and one of those squats. We really glued dominant because the last thing I want to have to happen is to get old and my farts leak out of me because my little pancake ass can't trap him anymore. If I'm going to get old and I'm going to fart, it's going to be deliberate. I'm going to aim. So you're going to sit up exactly like a low bar squat, but instead of going straight up and down, you're going to hinge at the hips like a good morning. And as you drive up, you open those knees out even more and last, but certainly not least the front squat. Now the tip on these is to actually do them because we all avoid them. Nobody wants to get choked out and walk away looking like a battered husband, but they're a phenomenal exercise. Especially for somebody who doesn't have a traditional way where your feet are fairly close together. If you widen those feet out and sit up like a sumo squat, you might find you actually love this exercise. And you love being choked out. And one quick note, if you're somebody cross those those arms for your front squat and you hold it under your delts, but you find as you get tired that bar rolls forward becomes a completely different squat. What you should do is throw two fingers on the bar and set up by driving those elbows up. And obviously you're not going to be able to flex and fingers back right away. But if you do it 10, 15 times, you'll feel more comfortable. Then go into actually picking it up another 10, 15 times. And you'll find that it becomes a more comfortable position right away. And this is coming for somebody that hasn't touched your back in years. So it works. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days. It's 20 videos. It's 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you haven't watched these videos, I'd want these snacks, but most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. You soon.