Our written by Saps now, you probably wouldn't train them by themselves. You pair them up with triceps back. However, you do it, I just like to keep these videos nice and short. And I still don't know what you got to access to. Some people would still are just stuck in their wives' pink dumbbells. So we're going to start off with the cables. We'll do a dumbbell variation, and they'll finish with a barbell exercise. So that's some reps in the description. Let's get after it. All right, so we're going to start off with easy bar cable curls. Because, like I said before, cables that the ultimate way to really develop that mind muscle connection makes you get a perfect contraction every time. And as long as you're doing correctly, there's no wasted effort whatsoever. So we're going to go through a couple different variations. So I like to do in the way I decide which one I'm going to do that day. It's all walking. And nothing is set in stone is I'll do a set of each. And whichever one hurts the most, that's what I'm going to do. I'd say about half the people going to walk up, put very little thought into it. Have a great connection to these. The other half, I'm going to fill those in here and down. So that's either from going too heavy or just a horrible, learned behavior of letting those elbows drift forward and back throughout the movement. Really just to kind of protect that bicep on the negative portion of it. And almost keep eating in static position. So what you can fix that is by isolating it down even further by tucking those elbows on your stomach and treating your stomach like a preacher curl and then curling up from there. Now some people shoulders are so interested that they're still going to jump in the last exercise. So what you can do, which I'm tempted not to show you because there's going to be some guy, possibly girl, but probably guys, you're going to walk too far forward and grind that cable against this junk or even worse back all the way up and floss his ass with it and say, it's okay, he told me I could do it. Not the case. The correct way to do it is just walk slightly forward, lean into a little bit and that's part of this. And instead of doing the other way, when you're pulling back towards you, which it's easy to see how your shoulders can pull up and jump into it with this. You're tucked forward and you're isolated all the way down to this bicep. You really have to mess up to get those shoulders to jump in. Now if you still feel your shoulders not last exercise, I would just lean into the fact that you are a messed up human being and do more drag curls. So face that same way, lean slightly forward and then drag curls straight up from there. I guarantee you, those you're going to connect with. Now when it comes to dumbbells, I've never been a big fan of traditional alternating curls because once I get to rest too much on top of that, as you pronate that weight down, feel like it jumps from the bicep into that breaky Allison. You lose that tension on that bicep. So unless I'm doing something hammer specific, I like to keep my wrists supinated the entire time and keep that constant tension. And one way you can do that, which I don't think I've gone over yet, is incline drag curls. Now the one thing you're going to watch out for here is letting those elbows drift too far forward and actually connecting that line between your hands and your forehead. In that case, you're just doing a regular incline curl. What you want to do is make sure you let those drift straight back and you're actually going to be pulling back into angle because you want to touch those hands to those shoulders and that's the curl. All right, so we're finishing up on the straight bar doing reverse grip curls. And I don't see a lot of people do these and I think it's because they're horrible and they suck, but they work really well. Now, one thing you'll notice is as I'm coming up, I don't go much above halfway because for me and I think most everybody, I mean, that's all your bicep can take at that point. Your flex and that wrist, that's the end of the contraction. Any further, you got to get that shoulder involved. I don't know what they're hell you're doing if you're getting it all the way up here. And the second thing you'll notice is I really get those wrists involved. So during the negative portion, I flex that wrist down and as I come up during the contraction, I'll flex that wrist back and up and that's going to really just enhance the contraction that breaky Allison even more. Again, as always, like, subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.