All right, today we're hitting my three favorite bodyweight exercises for calves. And as you can see, I'm filming this after I got done. Good news. It sucked. Let's get after it. All right, so the first one you're going to need to do a deep squat. And not just kind of deep. I'm talking calfs to hamstrings. Now, if you can't get there because you have flexibility issues, knee problems, whatever maybe, put a foam roller behind there. If you're at the gym, if not, if you're stuck at home, roll up a towel. It really doesn't matter. You just want that tension between your calf and hamstring. If you can't, you can recreate it with a towel. You just want that pressure because you want something to flex against. And the idea is we're mimicking something like a CD hamstring curl, where you're sitting down, you have to flex against that pad. Makes a contraction that much worse. Same thing here, but now we're doing it with a hamstring. We're flexing your calf against that. And immediately, you're already going to be engaged to make the contraction that much harder. Now, the one thing you want to watch out for is even if you're flexible enough to sit nice and tall on your heels that you don't. You're going to shift your weight forward. You want more pressure in your toes. He's going to want to put more of a stretch on those calves. And the cool thing about this exercise other than blowing up your calves is that if you program it correctly, you're going to increase ankle flexibility. So, save it quad day. If you do these first by the time you get in your squatting movements, you'll notice that you have an easier time with that dorsy flexion. Get those toes of your shins. And you won't be shifting forward with your weight so much, putting in your toes. You can drive from those heels a lot easier. Also don't be afraid to get a little craved with your feet. Turn your toes in, turn them out. It's going to put tension on that calf in a different spot for more emphasis on one part of the calf. And if you're somebody that doesn't believe that it's possible and you should just do it the normal way, then you're wrong. You're going to get all the benefits of the last one. But we're going to get more ankle flexibility, more of a stretch on that calf because we're going to do it unilaterally. So the way you're going to do these is by exaggerating that knee even more. So chipping that knee over your toe and really then you're going to be sitting completely on that calf and hamstring. All that pressure should be there. Just building extreme stretching that calf. And a nice part about these, now you can use your hands to stabilize yourself a little bit. And instead of coming straight up with that contraction, want you to drive it forward and that's in a hand-sight contraction even more. And after the last one we're going to throw those shoes back on because we're going to get where we're with the book. Now in the game of life, this doesn't hold true and any woman will tell you this is mathicase, but you don't need a book. You just need a couple inches. So the way we're going to use this book is we're going to set up like a donkey calf raise and use all four sides of it. So the very top is going to be the anterior tibialis flexion that toe up. The sides are going to use to hit the opposite head of that gastroke and the back's going to be just a traditional donkey calf raise. I'd say the biggest key on this one is really putting on that pressure into that hip driving that knee back and really get as much of a stretch on that calf and that gastroke as possible. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Again, I'm going to leave that link so if you want to get notified when the course comes out, you'll be the first to know and get after it get grown. I'll talk to you soon.