You may not know this, but if you're a chubby mess, it might not be your fault. Actually, it still winds up being your fault, but the problem could be that your progress is being completely halted by these three types of foods. Let's get after it. Now, obviously, there's more than three. Could easily pick a few people that watch this channel, went to their house and rated their fridge in a way to highlight more things you shouldn't be eating. But I didn't think anybody want to watch me force feed a grown man. His pepperoni hot pockets, until he cried and threw up, but now that I say it out loud, that's an amazing idea. Comment below if you want to be a part of that. But also because these are some of the most prevalent ones I see that slow or sometimes even stop progress altogether. So let's not waste any more time. Let's get into number one because it's a controversial one. It's fucking fruits and vegetables. And yeah, not all are bad. If you're purposeful the way you integrate some of them into your diet, there's some real benefits. I don't even think the impact that some of the ones are even higher and sugar have on your overall blood sugar is overstated because we're past age of eating orange slices and taking a nap. We're not six. We're going to pair with some sort of protein. That's not the problem. Problem I have is with people making statements like fruits and vegetables aren't the problem or fruits and veggies don't make you fat, bullshit. Watch me. I even had one person coming in a previous video saying, I dare you to try to get fat from bananas. You can't do it. So I dug a little deeper. I found that second grade teacher said that he always struggled in class and he was the reason that his parents got divorced because he was such a disappointment. So it turns out he actually meant it. Pretty sad. Fruit and vegetables can very much be the reason you're getting fat because when it comes down to it, if you're taking an excess amount of calories, how good your intentions are, that's the reason your face is a giant circle. My advice is just ask yourself, is this the best possible thing I could be eating right now? Am I making progress in my physique? And does it fit my overall calorie goals? Or am I just an asshole wants you to fruit salad every day? You might find that there's some better options. Food type number two is even a food. I just don't want to refilm that intro and stubborn. It's alcohol. I think this question a lot from people and it's phrase the same way, which is how do I continue to drink alcohol and still lose weight? And immediately, I don't think you're serious because not only is the extra calories or the fact that you're going to go sleep at 2 a.m. covered in a pile of Mexican food, it's even worse than that. One thing it does is it affects the quality of your sleep. It actually go to a big quicker, which is good and you know having a lower body temperature, which is also good, but eventually that heat's up and you get less REM sleep. On top of that it affects everything from your hypotherms, your testosterone, your thyroid, even those quarters and levels. Basically, fuck your entire immune system. And this doesn't happen after years of being alcoholic. You can start to see these effects after one crazy night but checking with your friends. And for anybody that says, that doesn't apply to me. I drink wine because there's antioxidants in there. Go fuck yourself. Reason number three, zero or low calorie foods. You know the ones. Crystal light, disgusting, golden forms, magic noodles, snack packs. One of the biggest problems is those low calorie ones add up quick. Crystal light says five calories, but that's in a fifth of a packet. What kind of sick person only drinks the fifth of a packet? It's not happening. And the ones that are actually no calorie are going to lead to some serious gas for a test of the stress. And while the scientific community can't come to a consensus on whether or not actually affects your gut health, I'm going to go out of limb and say the fact that you're pissing out of your ass is not a good sign. That's actually one of the reasons I started using this continuous glucose monitor just to see if some of the artificial sweeteners were having effect. And guess what? They fucking did. And yeah, that's purely anecdotal and you're going off my own personal experience, but if you want to test this out yourself, just find somebody in your family that's diabetic and make them a nice strong glass of crystal light. They die or hypothesis was correct. We'll throw a bonus one in there because I've had people say don't worry. I don't use Pam. That's bad for you. I cooked my food and extra virgin olive oil. What do you think you're not? Good job. There's your food tastes good because of it. That's because it's full of extra fat just like you. And if you're thinking what's my beef with vegetables, some are higher in calories and sugar, but I've also had just a bad experience. One time I was doubting for a show, I ate four bags of Costco vegetables. I thought you know what? That's a little high in calories. You know what? There's just too much. I'm going to cut them out completely. It's a bad idea. About seven days later, I realized, you know what? I don't think I've taken a shit in a while. Now that can't be the case. I must have. That's way too long. In that particular day, I locked myself out of my house. So I hopped my fence and right when I landed, I must have dislodged that shit. And it was code red. But not the kind of code red we have to run to the bathroom. Or time stands still. Everything slows down. You really start sweating. It's like the matrix of shits. If you move too fast, a bad thing is going to happen. And I timed it perfectly. You know, sometimes you go to take a shit and the time is passed. You don't have that violent pain shooting at the same time you sit down. I had this perfectly timed out. As I was sitting down, pants pulled down, violent pain nothing happened. Which is odd because I felt like something bad was about to happen. So I did what any man would do. I started inspecting. I grabbed a shitload of toilet paper made it into a makeshift glove. Reach up there and realize there was a wall of shit. Nothing was getting out. So I began to perform minor surgery on myself to release this leader of colonized shit. And the moment I got it to breach, it violently shot at me. And that's not the most embarrassing part that I turned my ass into a giant potato gun. No, it's the fact that I looked down and realized that that's unflushable. So as an adult man, I'm going to have to sit on the floor and karate chop my shit into pieces that are small enough to flush. Fuck you vegetables. I'm going to leave two links in the description. One to get notified when the full gym program comes out and the other one is for the 30 day program that's the garage style limited equipment that you can already kick your ass with now. And if you haven't watched this video and died, I've watched this next. Also another of my favorites, most poorly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after a get growing. Dr. Seed.