Alright, today we're going over three muscle and balance. It's not only going to limit the amount of muscle you can put on overall, but I'm also going to leave some pretty horrible posture, and you're going to end up looking like a creep. So let's fix that right away. Let's get after it. Let's start out by figuring out if this is something that even applies to you. First question is when you go into a nice deep squat or even a leg press, as you bring it down, do you have trouble keeping those heels down, you end up rolling on your toes or what about on shoulder day? Do you end up getting more sore on your traps than you do in your delts? Or what about back day? You get halfway through and think, I got a stop because if I go any further, I'm going to blow my lower back out of my ass. If you said no to all those, then you're a liar, which is a useful and admirable quality don't change. So when it comes to being unable to keep your heels down on something like the leg press, it all stems from ankle mobility issues, which in itself could be a litany of things. And it's complex, prom, defects, but just like most things in life, your best bet is to use Occam's razor. Scientific and philosophical rule that entities shouldn't be multiplied unnecessarily. Or in other words, the simplest explanation is probably the truth. Good example of this is the fact that your wife didn't leave you because of that one time you forgot her half birthday. She left you because you fucked her best friend. More than likely, it's because you spend 99% of your time training the muscles involved in the planar flexion of those feet and give zero attention to the antagonist and strongest dorsiflexor, the tibialis anterior. And it's tough to blame me because from the looks of it, it appears that most gyms don't have a piece of equipment that make it easy to train. And yeah, you could do the dumb-overs when you sit off the edge of a bench, but then you feel like you're six and you're at the doctor's office and your feet are dangling there. You can almost taste that dry as popsicle stick again. But there's actually great piece of equipment that almost every gyms going to have. It's a lying leg curl. The set it up, just adjust the heel pad to the shortest position, start with the light of sweat you can, sit on the backwards and contract that tibialis until you can't anymore. And yeah, it isn't lost on me that I'm asking you to stop doing one that makes you look like you're six. To one that makes you look like you're riding reverse calmer, but it works better. So there's that. All right, the next muscle imbalance is a pretty easy one to identify. Just grab a couple dumbbells, head over to the mirror, turn sideways, and do a side ladder or raise. If you have trouble looking at yourself as you do it, just look at the faces of the people around you. They look disgusted. It's probably because your head's jolting forward with every single wrap. And even if it doesn't, it's probably because you're so fucked up your head stays in that forward head posture, which means you're going to have a hard time connecting with the lateral head of that dealt because your horrible posture is actually putting in a perfect position to contract those traps, which to be clear is a bad thing. The reason that happens is because the deep flexure muscles in your neck have gotten weak. And you've also gotten soft. When you're younger, you just go the bar and have two, three, 12 drinks and bring home a thick girl and let her sit on your face while you're simultaneously having the time your life and fighting a breathe. You're also keeping that chin tucked and engaging those flexure muscles. But those days are long gone now. And you can't simply fix this by throwing on your favorite metal album hanging your head off a bench and thrashing up and down because there's a muscle on both sides called the sternal cladel mastoid, which originates to your clavicle and sternum and wraps around towards the back connects to the mastoid process. And even when you have your chin tucked, it's a bastard. It's still going to try to engage and take over. So we have to break it into two parts and do it lying on the floor. So to do this, you're going to need a 10 pound plate in a towel. Fold that towel up, put on your head and then set the plate on top. But obviously, don't hold it, just stabilize it. From there, we're going to do a chin tuck. So drive that chin into your neck. As it head tells for, we're going to feel a nice deep stretch on the backside of your neck. So it's going to feel like your head sliding up in a way from you. It'll make sense when you do it. But the biggest reason we do it on the ground is because you're able to duplicate perfect form every single time. Now that we have those deep neck flexures contracted, we're going to maintain a chin tuck, continue to tilt that head forward and lift it off the ground in an inch. Now what this going to do is make the contraction even worse. It's also going to bring in the SCM, which we're okay with. We already prioritized the weaker muscles. SCM can do it over the fucking wants from there. You can hold that for two seconds, back down and repeat the whole process all over again. Then the question becomes how often should you do this? Well, depends on how bad your forward head posture is. If it's disgustingly bad, start out at every workout with this. If it's only kind of bad, people don't get nauseous once a week. And for the last muscle imbalance, we're not even going to go over where to test it because even if you have fully developed direct responding muscles, make it always be better. The best way to train them is with a reverse hyper. But make sure you do these two things to get even more out of them. First, if you're doing them over top of something like a glute ham raise, don't just land it like an asshole and hug on for your life. Try to get extension that upper back as well and try to make the contraction meet in the middle. So as you bring those legs up, you drive the upper back up and it makes it a lot worse. Second, as you bring those legs up, and once you're pretending like your feet are glued together, there's a reason why power lifters love these as much as Instagram models. Because if you start to turn those toes out and get more engaged matter your glutes, which is fine if that's your goal. But if you want to tear up that back, feet together, toes together, they'll do the job. Well, what do we learn here today? We either because technology or own laziness, we're pretty screwed up. That's what I learned. If you want to get notified when the full gym program comes out, I'll leave a link below. Also, if you've been checked out the 30-day garage program, you can do with limited equipment and kick your ass right now. I'll link to that too. And make sure watch these two videos next if you haven't already, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell. I'm gonna get after you get growing. Now, what do you do soon?