Inspired by my Christmas tradition, a purposely giving horrible gifts to the people in my life. For instance, this year I'm going to people's old mice-based accounts and other tagged photos to find the ugliest picture of them ever captured in the wild, blow up some giant print, and send it to them with a thoughtful message like Merry Christmas Assel. So if you're wondering why I do something similar here, give you some of my favorite painfully grueling sets and exercises to help you put on muscle. That could potentially kill you because it's the least I can do. And I've been trying to come up with a catchy name, but so far I've got a set that make you shit, so that's going to have to work. Let's get after it. All right, for the first painful set that keeps on giving, we're starting over the bicep exercise, but you can just as easily use the same concept on triceps, and I'm using cables because I connect with them better, but if you don't have access to cables, you can do this with dumbbells as well, because what we're doing is sending and descending drop set. So you're going to start with a moderate weight, you can hit for 20 reps. Then you're going to go up and wait and you're going to try to hit 20 reps again. If you can, great, you just keep going up until you fail to hit 20 reps. Once you fail, you start dropping that weight back down to your original starting weight. At which point you should look down and notice there's a little herzhy's kiss on the ground. Hence the name sets the make you shit. All right, next up, we got a pretty horrible squat variation. But before we do, I've had people ask me, you know, what do I come up with these things? They may be hard to believe, but when I was younger, I was even more of an asshole than I am now. I used to invite friends to come train with me just to see if I can break them. And looking back, probably not the smartest move from a legal standpoint, because my buddies would show up with a small alcohol just radiating off of them, and they're covered in glitter from whatever dancers they're trying to put through college. Here, how many just sign this napkin? Just in case I put you too hard and you're hard to explode. You do something stupid, like hold your breath the whole time, you have a prolapse issue, and your ass falls out. All right, this is one of my favorite kind of sets because this design with no end in mind. It's only over when you tap out, tuck that thing between your legs and call it a day. Because what we're doing is a squat with the paws at the bottom, they get progressively longer. So you start out by squatting down, hold the bottom for a second, squat back up, squat back down, two seconds, three, you get the idea. You just keep pushing it till you get your breaking point. And the cool part about it is just like the 100-wet squat challenge, it's a great way to start your workout because you're going to be using a way you normally warm up with anyways. So it's first couple reps, you're going to be like, all right, I'm getting greased up, about halfway through, you're going to be like, just f***ing sucks. And by the end of it, can I go home? All right, next up, we're doing the lap pull down variation. But let me give you more specifics on it because I'm tweaking the way I'm doing it. And I'm talking more of the upper back, hitting those weird-outs and traps at the same time. So the first thing is I'm using two individual handles. That way I can pull them apart in the bottom of the contraction, makes it a little bit more dynamic, it really gets that upper back involved. Second thing is I'm flaring those elbows out and pulling nice and high, making the contraction of those traps stop the movement. So as I'm coming down, once those traps are fully flexed, I'm stuck. I'm trying to pull apart, get a little bit more engagement out of the upper back. But then I'm done. I'm not trying to pull it down any lower, just make those traps finish the movement, flex rear-delt, traps upper back, and then back up. And the key to making this a great one is picking the right weight. You want something that's going to kick your ass for 20 and then you're going to breathe a second and hit down 10, 5, 2, 2, 1 and take it to 50. So feel free to read GIFTHES or come up with your own and share our music and the hashtag set that make you shit because I'm sure Instagram will appreciate that. And if you're new to the channel or you haven't already, you're going to want to watch these next. And as always, most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after a gig growing. Talk to you soon.