All right, today we're going to go over three of the most underrated upper body exercises that you need to start doing. If you already do them, do more. Also, we're in the hat today because I got PRP done and if you thought my head was distracting before, it looks like a damn bowl of mass potatoes. It's awful. Oh, one more thing. Since you guys seem to love the story where I almost died at the hands of my own shit, at the very end, I'll tell you about the time that I overdose to Milan and Tan. Let's just say when you hear the warning on an ED commercial that says if your erection lasts longer than four hours, I would have welcomed four hours. So the first exercise is a coffin press, which I would imagine you've done before. But we're going to go over three different variations because I would bet that one of them you haven't. And you're going to have a great connection. You're going to fall in love. It's going to get weird. We're also going to go over different ways to tweak your form to get even more out of them. So starting out with the classic dumbbell version, set yourself up on an incline, and there's really two ways to execute this. You can flare those elbows out to the side, push those dumbbells together, and feel like you're squeezing one of those disgusting but wonderful zip popping videos. You're going to pop those dumbbells or tuck those elbows in your side, drag them along your body in the way up and drive those elbows in together. There's no right way. Sometimes I walk in the gentleman thing, that sucks. Let me try the other one. It flips your body's fucking weird. One of the biggest things though is you don't want to go too heavy. If you do those anterior delts are going to jump in, so really focus on high reps sets, 20, 30 reps. Because it's one of the best things you do for that inner part of your chest is one of the few times you're going to really contract and squeeze it. Unless you're one of those guys that wear those wife beaters that show too much cleavage. You know what I'm talking about. So if you've ever watched Charles Glass train, he has a great coffin press variation. He does on the smith machine with all of his clients, which is phenomenal. If you have friends, if you don't, you're probably going to choke yourself and die. And that's not how I'm going out. I'm going to go to home town buffet and have six plates of dessert, ship myself and die happy. But we take that same concept and attach when over the cables and get just as much benefit. Two things, one you want to face away because you want that tension pulling down and towards you that way you can drive away. So cables are behind you. Second thing is you want to do the variation where you're dragging along your body. You have a better connection. If you try to just flare those elbows out, it's too much delt, it won't work. And look stupid. Now normally, we're a tank top or something. You can see the inner part of my chest working, so you know I'm not full of shit. But today I had a little bit of miscommunication with them, massage therapists. When she asked me, have you ever done cuffing before and I said, Yeah, like once or twice, it's neat. She must have heard I want you to turn me into a purple polka dot in bitch. Probably thinking, it's not too bad. Oh, well, kind of looks like shit. Holy hell. Remember Barney the big purple dinosaur? I imagine if you were gave you a venereal disease, this is how it would look. Change them back. And the last variation of cough and presses is the one you're going to do with the land mine. Now you get you to do the standing or seated, but seated is probably the way to go. Because it's a little bit easier to manipulate your body. You can lean forward, put more emphasis on the top of your chest, lean back, drive that contraction lower. Also, this is going to be one you want to drag that arm around your body, drive those elbows in, don't want to flare them out. So drive them in, you'll have more of a connection that way. If you haven't tried these, these are one of the best. I don't know how long I should have my nose. So the next exercise we're doing is for biceps. And we're actually doing on the cd cable row. I always surprise that more people don't do biceps on here to which I'm sure somebody's going to reply. It's because it's for back asshole. Point taken. But regardless, there's some great variations you can do on here. One of which mimics a preacher curl because very few people can grab that preacher bench, drag it over to the cables and do a preacher curl with a cable that way. So we can do the same thing with the cd cable row and use our legs as the preacher curl and it's wonderful. And the second variation might even be better because it's going to ask those biceps to do even more work because those elbows are away from your body. So what's more emphasis on the biceps to actually do the curl. And we're doing a drag curl. So you're going to lock those legs out and pull straight towards your body. So on a straight line, the reason it doesn't pull into your lats is because you're stopping that elbow short. It's one straight line. And you can really overload with this one which is nice. So you can move a significant amount of weight. It's also wonderful. I'm going to count that as three. Some people are going to say it's five. Dickheads will say it's two averages out. So if you're not familiar with how malanitan works, basically it binds to receptors and your body actually produces more melanin, which was a pretty inviting proposition for me. Considering my body's translucent, I thought, you know, it's not too many side effects I can see. Let's give it a go. Now there's a whole process to it. You have to mix it into all these things. And that particular day I was busy, which I'll get into the reason why later. But I didn't realize I was supposed to take five and it up taking 50, ten times the dose. And I didn't realize this right away. I was getting ready. All of a sudden I started yawning uncontrollably and then I had this really weird urge to stretch. And I started giggling like an asshole. Then it hit me. All of a sudden I remember seeing how much I took and realizing that's not. This is not going to be good. I immediately started looking up the side effects, which didn't really apply because nobody takes ten times the dose. Except me. Let me read him to you. Naja vomiting loss of appetite flushing of the face yawning involuntary stretching. Do you have any idea? It's actually the worst. You're basically walking my new year on business and your body stops you and you have to stretch your entire body and give a like a school girl. Oh, and spontaneous erections. That's the, that's the real fucked up one. I wasn't overly worried like I was going to die, but I didn't have an event to go to later that day when you have an erection that gives zero fucks about what your plans are. It's trouble. I remember calling my wife from a department store change room with three pairs of pants on trying to conceal it, which was not working. And she thought it was fucking whole areas. But this is where I started to get concerned because when I went home, I saw to look on my wife's face and she was visibly shaken. So much so that her first suggestion of what we should do to fix this is why don't we put something in it and try to deflate it. What the fuck? It's in a rogue volleyball to college football game. We're going to need this thing. So after four hours and nothing got better, I just said screw it. I'm going to throw my three pairs of pants and go to this event. What's this event you ask? Well, one of my last in-person clients and one of my great friends asked me, hey, can you please shoot my wedding? Take video, photography, can you do that for me? And I said, normally that's not something I don't even want to. But for you, I be honored. Until that day, I showed up with a raging boner, Giggling like crazy could barely walk, randomly stretching to the hunger games of all gay weddings. Needless to say, all the pictures were cock-eyed. Also, I'm going to start posting every Sunday and Tuesday at 9 a.m. Don't ask me why. That's just when you fucking people are online. Also, this Tuesday at 9 a.m. the full gym program is going to come out. If you haven't checked out the garage program yet, I'll link to that below as well. Most importantly, get fucking after it. Fuckin' after it.