Over the past 15 months, I put on 30 pounds of lean mass. And unless my tank got yo, then it's predominantly from new muscle that I've built. And that's not even the craziest part. It's that I only went up 0.1% body fat. And your first response should be what kind of trend below in the sandwiches is this guy eating. And that's the best part. None. I'll go over exactly what I've been taking over the last 15 months, but that's not it. And inevitably there's gonna be a guy who drinks muscle milk and master bates to anime porn. We'll see, yeah, but decks is or not as accurate as something like hydrostatic. So what I only gained 25 pounds of muscle, you're missing the point, I told. So let's go over what I've learned and implemented in the last 15 months to make this miracle possible. One thing I'm fairly certain on is that doesn't matter if you're using 85% of your one-rette max for six reps or 40% for 30. As long as those lighter sets are taken to complete failure, the results are going to be virtually identical. And what's interesting is while the results might be similar, the scientific community has no idea if the actual hypertrophy itself is. And I know that sounds confusing. Let me explain. The crudest definition of hypertrophy is when you pick shit up, put it down. And as long as the stimulus was great enough, and there's enough of needle acids available, those ribosomes in your muscle cells will synthesize more protein, some of which being myocininactive. You know those guys. They're then transported and integrated into myofibros or made into completely new ones. Now, if you don't know what myofibros are, this is the best I can do. Every muscle cell or muscle fiber, you can use those interchangeably, has hundreds to thousands of these. All they really are is a bunch of sarcomeres that contain the contractile proteins, myocininactive, and stacked on top of each other. I have no self-control. God, it's good. It's pretty well agreed upon. The most common form of hypertrophy happens by adding sarcomeres in parallel. Think of that diagram as your bicep. If you cut it in half, cheese is a surprise. And look directly down on it. What? In the hell? No, that's supposed to be in there. What they're saying is you're adding more myofibros within the muscle cell. The muscle cell then has to increase in size to maintain proper distribution and functioning of the organelles and the sarcomo plasal. But it's been proposed that high volume training, like what you do with the low percentage of your one rep max, might induce sarcomo plasmic high purtrophic. When the non-contractile elements, the sarcomo plasmic fluid, the glycogen storage, the density of the mitochondria, etc., etc., increase. And that makes sense the more you think about it, because as a muscle increases in size, it doesn't proportionally increase in strength. That's more depend on the load you lift with. Over the past 15 months, I've spent half the time with lighter weights, 15 to 30 reps, the other half 6 to 8. I've also found the results to be identical, but there are some caveats to that. One of those being that with the lighter weight sets, they have to be taken to true failure, and that's easier said than done on something like the hack squat. For example, say I was doing a set of 30 here in reality, I should be putting on a weight that causes me to start to fail around 20 reps. And then I have to pray to little baby Jesus to get those last 10 reps, but truthfully, I rather not get there. I rather fail at 25, 28, that's true failure. I mean, think about it this way. When's the last time you saw somebody at the gym using the hack squat, they got stuck underneath it, and they crawled out. It doesn't happen. People just tap out mentally. On the flip side of that, there's certain exercises and body parts. You're just not going to be able to train in that low rep range of 6 to 8 reps. Try to do 6 reps on the tricep extension, and see how bad your abs hurt the next day. That means you fucked up. Best case scenario, you do a hybrid of them ball. It also allows you to be a little bit more fluid with your training, because there are times you walk in and your knees feel like shit. And as always in that moment, you're reminded that you wanted to buy some of those knees sleeves, and you're wrong to see if that made any difference, but you did. So instead of just suffering through it and trying to lift heavy weight, where your knees sound like rice crisps, you just lift lighter weights that day and do higher rep sets. There are some other things with this past here that I found to be highly overrated, or the very least, the importance of these things have been overstated. For example, rest time between sets, or how long each individual rep takes does a 4 count negative actually work that much better than a 2 count? Probably not, but sometimes I like hurting myself, so I'll do a 4 count. But the biggest one I'm going to get the most pushback on is the frequency it would you train a muscle, the scientific community, and myself included. I made a video on it, it says that training 2 times a week is better than one time, but in practice, that's not really the case. I have programs like the PPLs where I train each body part 2 times a week, and other ones that have a bros split, and the results are identical. The only caveat to that is if you have a muscle that's incredibly resisted into growth. For me, it's my calves. If I don't train them three times a week, they get smaller. So if those things didn't really make that big of a difference, then what exactly did? One of the most impactful changes and biggest aha moments I've ever had happen after I started to dive into functional blood chemistry. When people normally look at their blood work, they scroll past everything just to get to the total and free test to make sure they got enough juice to pillage the village. But the more you learn, the more you realize that some of these biomarkers can change the way you train, sleep, and in my case, the way you eat. I used to be a huge advocate for low carb, ketogenic, even the carnivore style of diet. While there's nothing inherently wrong with those, when it comes to billing muscle, there's no way around it. You're putting yourself at a disadvantage. If we look at my blood work from early last year, you're going to see I have elevated levels of fasting insulin, which is exactly what it sounds like. And it's a good indication I might be dealing with some sort of insulin resistance. And if that's the case, that also means that I'm not efficiently utilizing glucose, which sucks. Fat, muscle, and liver cells, all rely on insulin binding to them to bring glucose in. So when this process is less efficient, muscle cells, it creates an obvious problem. The whole last video I made was all on glygogen, but specifically what happens is those glut-four transporters are less effectively transported to the surface of the cell to bring glucose while you train an effectively store glygogen post-training. So your performance is going to suffer down the rope. Does that make sense, Chuck? Insulin resistance also makes it harder for insulin to stop the breakdown of fats in the body, which it first sounds like a good thing. So I'm going to constantly be burning fat. But we have to remember that too much of a good thing ends up being bad. For example, I'm sure you've seen the commercials. If you've had an erection lasting longer than four hours, you're about to die. Now knowing that fact, we can look back in my blood work and verify whether or not I have insulin resistance by seeing if I have elevated levels of glycids and wouldn't you know it? I do. Although low carb is the most common diet prescribed for obese combos to combat insulin resistance for healthy-witting individuals, it's been shown to do the opposite. This recent case that he looked at the effects of low carb diets on non-fattys, and what it found is that actually increased insulin resistance. And again, I'm not saying they're bad, but in my case, my blood work was actually telling me that it was detrimental to my goals of not looking like a little piece of shit. So how did I fix it? When it comes to fixing insulin resistance caused by low carb dieting, it's actually a pretty easy fix. You just incrementally increase the carbs on your diet. Make sure they're high in fiber to help bring down those triglycerides as well. I started off with around 100 grams of carbs a day, now which is my month limit. Now I'm at 800 grams a day. It's delicious. So obviously, it's always a good idea to get your blood work checked. But a clear sign that I was actually dealing with it before and it didn't realize it is every time I would eat carbs, I looked worse. That's not normal. Also, this is what it's like to have 13 dogs. But that wasn't the only change I made. These right here were a huge eye opener. And I know, surface EMGs only rely on the electrical potential muscle fibers. Even when I see a case study with these things, I roll my eyes because I know how finicky and unreliable they can be. But what I did was different. I systematically tested every single exercise that I did to make sure that the muscle I was trying to target was actually getting hit and not being dominated by all the secondary muscle. I also manipulated my form and tested different ways to do each exercise to see if I can get even better results. The results of all that testing led me to completely change the exercises I do when I train. For example, I haven't used the machine-rear-delt fly since because I realized how much my mid-traps are jumping in and screwing it up. I now only do rear-delt exercises that allow me to keep my arm close to my body like this variation I do on the machine-side ladder. Another thing I never do anymore has to with anterior delts. When I'm pressing, I never press in the frontal plane. Most people pull the elbow out to the side and press that way. I found it to be a lot of lateral head. I only press in these saginal planes. Sadgit tall. Sadgit tall. Now anytime you have a weight in front of you like this, your traps have to get involved to counteract that weight. So what I do is I lean back so I set the bench up further back and that fixes that problem. The last example, oh my god. My b-o smells like bad weed. The last example I'll give you has to do a lap pull down. Anytime I do these now I go as wide as possible to limit bicep activation. The closer you go, the more your biceps can screw it up. God damn. Honestly, you don't need to device like a service EMG. The moment you start taking time, I'm going through every single exercise to see what you connect to most and what actually targets the muscle you're trying to hit, you're going to start to really grow. The last thing I can pinpoint is a real game changer that I started taking early last year was peptides. I'm already making a whole video on this. I'll link it at the top so I won't dive into it too much. But one that I did not talk about that I hadn't yet tried that ways to well, it says since prescribed me and I did it for 10 weeks and loved it was IGF1. It was glorious. If you want me to make a whole video on it, I absolutely will. So to summarize what led to these results, I fixed my insulin resistance, started eating a shitload more carbs and put myself into a slight surplus. I got rid of all the exercises that were getting dominated by all the secondary muscles that I didn't want involved at all and only did exercises that really isolated down to the muscle I was trying to hit. And finally got prescribed peptides. So no, you never need to force yourself to eat another tremble-ony sandwich again. Use peptides for the most part, they avoid that negative feedback loop. And if you haven't had a chance to check out the new App yet, I just built a whole garage program that's updated with all the exercises that I now know are better as well as updated the back by science program and there's a ppl in there and this week I'm working on a completely new program that'll make you pissed blood. Stop being a big fat disappointment. It's linked below.