Alright, today we're going on my favorite dumbbell exercises for legs. Also throwing abs just for the hell of it. So if you're ready, untuck that bad boy and let's get after it. Alright, we're starting off with the quads. Now, no matter what my limitations are, the goal is always the same. I want to manipulate whatever exercise I'm doing, even if it's just slightly to put more of that tension on the quadriceps. So when it comes to dumbbells, your best best thing to either a split stance squat or this front squat variation, because just inherently how you have to hold those dumbbells, it's going to cause you to tilt forward and drive more of that pressure into those quads. And then for there, you should be trying to figure out how much you can push that form even further to get even more of the movement, meaning how close can you walk those feet together and still maintain driving from your heels. And just like any quad movement, it's best to take the top out of it, removing your ability to rest. And it's easy to find. Just go through that point where it's the most painful, stop for a second and go back down. You're on the right track when you're talking to people on camera. It looks like you're doing okay, but you're actually paying a little bit of blood. So recently for hamstrings, I've been doing a lot of high-wrap dumbbells stiff leg deadless, but there's a distinction we got to make because there's a huge difference between these and these. And that has to do with actually working against those dumbbells and how you shift your weight as you contract up. So instead of having those dumbbells follow a traditional path, which is straight down, you're going to drive them out in front of you on an arc. And what it's going to force you to do is drive those hip back, but most importantly, put more of an intense stretch on those hamstrings. This is what makes all the difference. Now, as you start to contract up, you're going to shift that weight into your toes, feel like you're falling forward, but you're going to use those toes to grip the floor and because you're standing up, it's going to keep your balance. And you're going to create a more intense contraction on those hamstrings. This good exercise is so tough that you don't even need a dumbbell. You can kick your own ass with just body weight alone, but because it's us and we're sick, we're going to use one. So what you're going to do is grab onto something and do a reverse lunge and keep that back foot off the ground the entire time. And your goal should be to make more of the movement happen in your hips. You can do that by leaning forward during the negative, put more stress on that glued. And as you come back, lean back, flex, engage and squeeze that glue down the way up. When you start talking about hitting calves with dumbbells, people get a little touchy. They think there's no way to hit them better than you came with machines, but here me out on this one. Now, if you're sitting there just bouncing a dumbbell off your knee, looking like you're getting ready to get interviewed by Chris Hanson, yeah, it's not going to work that well. But if you sink down and completely change as the movement, that calf is already in a stream stress position, that off leg is going to be off the ground. So there's more weight on that calf. Makes this 30 feet like a hundred. And on top of that, your hamstring is sitting around on top of that calf. So you have to contract against it. Makes the contraction that much worse. So you can pretty much throw a dumbbell into any ab exercise, and spice it up, make it that much harder. But since we hit legs today, I might show you one of my favorite knee raise variations, because it's also going to hit those hip flexures, which most people may neglect. So instead of just sitting there waiting for that lower body to come to me, I want as much activation of those abs as possible. So I'm going to crunch into the movement, but I also don't want it to feel like a static contraction. Any times like that with abs, I usually don't do them. So I want to get a little bit more movement and try to stretch those upper abs by tilting that upper body back during the negative, let them stretch, and then crunch back into it. If you haven't seen the upper body version of this, I'll link to it here. Also just another one of my favorites that's dumbbell only. But most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after a good growing. I'll talk to you soon.