How's that for a catchy title? All right, today we're going over four bicep exercises to finish your workout with that are definitely going to deliver some pain, but also help you make some progress. So let's get after it. So what I want to do is go over different ways. You can end your biceps and the reasons you choose those exercises because I could just easily say, hey, go grab a dumbbell and curl it till something bad happens and end the video right there. But that's not the most helpful to everybody. The first exercise is a seated drag curl. Now this is for somebody that finishes their bicep workout by going into God mode and just repenade it exercise as fast as possible. And yeah, they walk away with the great arm pump, but so as their shoulders and every other muscle on their upper body, which is not a good thing. So this allows you to take where their game, Jeannie and lock them into place so they can't cheat. They can't sway back and forth the jerk it up because they're back against the pad. There's no momentum involved because you have to stop on your legs each time and you can't bring those elbows forward because it's a drag curl. But by all means, if you do find a way to screw this up, message me because you're one talent in son of a person. This next exercise is really good for people, honestly, just like me because I have good size for them, but in comparison to the rest of my arm, they look ridiculous. It almost appears that when I was a baby, the doctor accidentally circumcised my forearms instead. Sometimes, simply the best way to finish your workout is by focusing on and trying to bring up lagging body parts because by that point, you're by a step-sure already blown up. So if you want to focus on those forearms, try to target that breaky-alice, you're going to have a lot easier time because those biceps aren't going to be able to jump in and take over. So the exercise we're doing is reverse grip, spider curl with the straight bar and crank up the intensity even more. In my case, make it more form intensive. So my friend step by making mouse watches for Christmas is during the duration of that exercise. We can hold that bar the entire time and not let it rest or even worse. Start rotating that bar in your hands to tear up those forearms even more. So I don't know about you, but sometimes my training brings out my OCD and I end up opting for an exercise to finish with, did make sure I hit that muscle from every single angle. My steps are no different. This simple is that it sounds, sometimes I opt to just grab a single handle thrown on the cable machine and start by doing curls with that shoulder turned in. And then once I fail, I line my body up straight up with the machine and keep squeezing that whatever reps I can. And then I finish by opening up that shoulder where I can use these squeeze out a few more. And this is all in a attempt to start at that long head. Work all the way around to that short head to ensure that every part of that bicep got the work it needs to grow. So sometimes choosing the best exercise to finish off with as simple as walking over the dumbbell rack, peeing on it to claim it as your own and just doing a ridiculously long drop set. It's not the most polite thing in the world, but we'll work on that later. One thing at a time. So if you're watching this channel, then you're probably going to do it. Probably just as messed up as me. So I want to pose a question to you because obviously I have to film videos that people are searching for like body parts specific workouts. But it'd be fun to everyone's while I go and craze this and buy one of those old school all in one workout machines and see how hard it is to get a workout on there or go on Amazon and buy the chances to fitness products and see how long it takes me to break them. Just throw into my ideas out there. Let me know. So if you like this video, you're going to watch these two next. But most importantly, as always, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it. Get grown. Talk to you soon.