I've had a few people last for it so today we're hitting chest. So if you're ready, let's get after those man boobs. Hand warmers, chesticles, bezooms? Is that, that sounds right. Bezooms. All right, so we're starting off with a barrel press, which is basically just a hybrid between a fly and a press, but thinking it's going to change this movement into one that you don't forget a week for now is we're going to hold the stretch at the bottom for three seconds. And what that allows us to do is not only get a nice deep stretch and tear those fibers up even more, but more importantly than that, it keeps us from doing what I'm sure you're guilty of as well as as to get heavy and pressing movement, I certainly check and that thing up and down. So it forces you really tilt that chest and the right position. Pitch so shoulder blades together, open those shoulders up to keep them out of the equation and then flex your chest through the movement. And it's called a barrel press for a reason. So you're going to be to get those elbows at 90 degrees, flexing straight up and that little bit of extra at the top is where you're going to bring them together, contract, and then back around. So back where we're all forced to quarantine, I didn't have all this that it was just me, my van and the river. I started doing a lot more of these decline press dips and they tore me up. So much so the first time I did these, it's all I did. And it'll work out planned. But then I started with these and about two sets in, I was like, holy. I got such a great pump and it had been a ridiculous amount of sets and just bearing up the width of my hands and the range of motion because unlike normal dips where you're just fighting your triceps taken over the entire time, those elbows are flared out and it's all chest. And the reason I'm using the bench on these is because it puts you at the perfect angle. Yeah, you can do dips just hanging out of the bar, but you're forced to contract your abs, you're legging and drifting front of you and those anterior delts are just going to jump in and eat up the entire movement. This way you can arts that back, get that chest, just push that in front, drive from your chest and then on top of that when you start to fail, you get a little more assistance and you can push beyond failure. I know I broke my golden rule. Don't take your shirt off, you're going to look like a douche, but it was so dark in that corner. I wanted to show you that as you're driving up, you're going to want to actually flex forward too, so you're going to put more pressure on that chest and less on that anterior delts. Alright, next up we got flies. Now I'm showing a few of these in the past, but in the spurred of just kicking our own ass today because I'm treating this just like a workout, we're going to do a ridiculous amount of volume. So we're doing high, medium and low. Now I count this as just one complete set. Obviously, it's three different exercises, but I'm counting it as one set, almost one exercise because I'm going back to back to back. There is no rest. And I can't emphasize this enough because I see it all the time. I get so pissed. I must have assured somebody one time. Make sure that shoulder doesn't dominate the movement. You catch your anterior delts coming past your chest. It's either too heavy or just mentally screwed up. A couple of physiological triggers you can use to make sure you don't screw this up. It's make sure those shoulders are back and down. You elongate that neck and tilt that head slightly forward. That'll make sure you can't flex those traps and bring those shoulders into it. But at that point, those shoulders are already so far behind your chest that you'd have to be talented to screw this up. The maintenance 20 reps of each. So in the spirit of that last video, we're going to fish with some dumbbell pullovers, but we're going to pre-exhaust that chest first to make you really connect with it. Also that last video was amazing. Not anything I said, but the stories of people who reached out just blew me away. People will beat drug addiction, cancer, fighting through depression. I mean, it's easy to go through life and everything goes right. But when you don't know if you're going to make it through the end of the day and you do, congratulations. You're the hero of your own story. On that note, if you're training by yourself like me, throw these under your feet. So the way we're going to pre-exhaust is with that single dumbbell, we're going to do cough and presses. Flare those elbows out, 20 reps there and then right into pullovers. And with the pullovers, make sure you don't bend that arm too much. If you do, it's going to jump into your lap. So keep a fairly straight arm, stretch back to the point. Really feel that chest stretch. And then contract that chest up and to get even more of the movement. Don't just pull it up. I want you to feel like you're pushing away from your body and contracting that chest, forcing that dumbbell away. Now I know everybody's not a fan of pullovers. Because you don't want to get that direct connection like you do with the fly or press, but I find if you drop those hips, you get an incredible stretch. And at the end of the workout, it's probably just as if not more important than doing some other exercise. It really connects with the chest. So if you didn't catch that last video, here's a link to it. See if it gets you motivated. Also another one of my favorite chest workouts. And as always, most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Dr. Lucian.