Oh, we got a big day today because the two most common messages I get from people are bro, your jokes are dark. Honestly, nothing I can do about that. I'm broken. The other one is how do I get bigger arms? That one I can fix. So today we're going to hit Biceps. We're going dumbbells only because even in Arizona where you can walk in the grocery store where you're junkin' one hand, a gun in the other and no one says shit, you still can't go to the gym. So if you're ready, let's get after it. It's safe to assume you don't have a full set of dumbbells just sitting around because why would you? Good news is, you don't need them. I'm going to use 20s, maybe 25s, that's it. So in the name of the game today, it's really cranky up the intensity of each exercise by slowing down that negative, doing a static hole, doing super sets, or completely changing the angle of the exercise itself. Good news with that is those intensifiers will lead to a lot better results than just upping the weight. So when I start with when I talk about before but we can make it even harder. So you're going to set up like a normal curl, palm supinated towards the ceiling, and as you start to go in that negative part of the movement, you're going to lean back and put more pressure from gravity. But the key here, don't let that arm extend all the way out. If you do, pressure goes right to the elbow, you lose none of the body set. So keep a slight bend, you're going to hold three seconds in the bottom of that movement. So static hole for three seconds, just keep that pressure and then I just start to contract up and you're going to lean into it, making it a harder contraction, and then hold three seconds at the top. So from there, it's just three seconds set. I get the bottom and at the top, trust me, this one sucks. All right, next up, we got a compound set, or you can even categorize this as a mechanical drop, because what we're going to do is an inclined curl, and on these like air in the side of being too far back, because when I open up those shoulders, I want to put that bicep on an island all by itself. The one thing I noticed, if you're too straight up and down, only slightly lean back, that shoulder can jump in and you can screw it up. So air in the side of being too far back, and what we're going to do is incline curls, and pushing that to failure, and then right from there, we're doing a drag curl. So nice part about this, there's no rep range. You do incline curls until you're just toast, and then from there, you do some ugly extraags. You guys know I love cables for biceps, but there's one exercise that you've got to commit to a whole new level of douchebaggery to do, because it's one thing to take up the cable cross over and do chest flies and take up two damn machines at once, but it's another thing to go walk in front of it and do bicep curl standing like this, staring in the mirror, even I throw them in the mouth a little bit as I'm doing them. But promise it work really well. What we can do with that though, to take that same concept here on biceps, put the bench up a little bit, open up those shoulders, and then just sit there and curl against it. Same type of feel, less douchebaggery. All right, let's finish up our beaten up that break balance. So what you're going to do is take a sliding on that bench, lean against it, but instead of doing just straight hammer curls, which bile means works pretty damn well. What you're going to do is get that wrist involved, and you'll see the contraction get that much better. So as you go down, you're going to pronate it, put that hand towards the bench, as you come up, supinated up, and you can see that a little bit of twist, as where you really get that break down to fire even more. I think grave is bad choice. As always, like subscribe at the notification bell. If you want to keep going on this dumbbell series, let me know. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.