Today we're hitting shoulders and we're going all dumb bells for those still stuck at home, but there's just a couple of things we want to go over as well. And because I'm feeling like last time I told today, we'll go set some reps in the description. Let's get down for it. Now we all know the drop sets are in credible way to crank up the intensity, but the cool thing about side laterals is they lend themselves to be a perfect candidate for a sending set. Because what you can do is start that lighter weight, keep that perfect form, fatigue the muscle, get it to fail, and then as you get heavier and heavier, get a little sloppy with that form. And you're still going to have a great connection that lateral head because it's by that point. You got so much blood that muscle, you're not going to lose anywhere else. If you do lose in your traps, that means that that lateral head is completely dead or your form is so awful that you need to look at your side laterals and just in general and see what's wrong with them. Now if a sending set's more bad enough, as you get through those heavier weights, we're going to slow down the negative. So three count negative, four count if you can handle it, and make sure you watch yourself in the mirror. Make sure you're catching that weight with your dealt and not letting those shoulders roll forward and that trap jump in. A small percentage of people can't do side laterals with a neutral grip. To start to flex it up, it's going to sound like a cheap a selector set and it's just not in the cards form. So what you can do is go thumb up, but make sure you don't just come up straight out to the side because at that point that shoulders opened up it's too much anterior down. So make sure you come back a little bit in angle and at that point worst case scenario, it's a little posterior down, but it's still a lot of lateral head. I'm a huge fan of wide grip upright rose, because if done correctly, that's more like a side lateral than anything else, but couple stipulations. First being no matter what form you take, the elbow should always be the highest point. And the second thing is, always modify the exercise just to hair to where that finishing part of the contraction ends in that posterior dealt. And the nice part about dumbbells is you're able to add another dimension to the movement by bringing those hands in at the bottom. And the way we're going to do this particular variation is by starting those hands with a lack position. And then as you bring those arms out to the side to come up in that wide grip upright row, and so just coming straight up, we're going to do this come up in an arching motion. And as you get towards the top, you're going to pull back and then finish that contraction off in those rear doubts. If you've got a body part that's lagging behind, the best thing you can do is go unilateral, lighten up the way a little bit, and find the best ways to really stretch it, can track that muscle. And tear doubts are no different. I know a lot of people like to press it a little weight, but usually their form is just got off. It's a very short shallow movement, unless you're pretty disposed of that, then you're going to have to do that. And then you're going to have to do that. And then you're going to have to do that. And then you're going to have to do that. And then you're going to have to do that. Shallow movement, unless you're pretty disposed of having great interior doubts, that's not going to do much for you. So with these, I want you to get your body involved. Rock, back and forth, they increase the range of motion, but also the difficulty. So at the bottom of movement, you're going to lean back, really increase that stretch on the doubt. And as you drive it up, you're going to lean forward and make that dot work through a more difficult path. How we're gonna finish those delts off and blow them up with a super set now because I think everybody needs better rear delts. The first exercise is gonna be bent over rear flies but once you try three different positions with those hands and see what's best for you. One thumbs up, the other one neutral grip and the last one pronated. This because you're only using dumbbells doesn't mean you can't do my favorite exercise which is bus drivers, it's just a smaller shidier wheel. Make sure you like, subscribe, and notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get growing. Talk you soon.