All right, today we're going through four exercises that everybody does wrong. So if you're sitting at home frustrated because your body looks less like it's been chisel without stone and more like it came out of a shitty easy big oven, this is probably why. Let's get after it. All right, exercise number one, the seated cable row. Now typically people do this by putting the entire stack on there and lean it back and just tug it away. Sometimes even get a little legs involved, which is commendable because if you're going to completely screw up an exercise towards unrecognizable, why not turn into a full body workout? Good job. And there's a lot we can try to focus on in fix, but the most important thing is just using less of your biceps because when you're yanking that weight with a blind rage because your dad never told you you loved you, a lot of that movement's being wasted on your biceps because you have to restart the contraction every time and you're getting less in your back. But it's actually an easy fix because as you're going in the negative, if you stop three cores the way down and don't let that arm fully extend, it's going to force those lads to flare out, stretch more, which is going to lead to a better contraction. Downside though is you might not get as toned as you would with that fucked up full body workout you were done before. Alright, let's stick with back for exercise number two and talk about hyper extensions because you can still get great results if you do these consistently incorrectly. But nowhere near as good as if you did in the moist sweet little baby Jesus intended. And the way that most people do this is they hold a static contraction, usually a shit little weight and try to arch their back and drive their head up their own ass. Probably the worst I've seen is somebody who had 225 on a bar and I often don't root against people. It's a rarity that I do but this guy, I caught myself rewatching the same video hoping that this time he would break in half. I think you're always better served using little to no weight and exaggerating the flexion and extension of that back. That's why reverse hypers are such an amazing exercise because whether people know it or not, that's exactly what they're doing. But we can do the same thing here by holding that trunk in place and flexing forward by contracting those abs and then extending up and hitting those director spiny muscles. And if you don't feel comfortable doing this, just do the cat and camel on the ground before you do. And if you do that, you're a creep and you can do this. Exercise number three, let's talk about crunches because the same exact principles apply. More often than not, you'll see people hold that static contraction and get very little movement and maybe they just have big dreams that I don't know about. And they think if they stay in that position, eventually one day they'll be able to blow themselves and I'm not here showing them their dreams. But if you're more activation of those abs, you gotta get some extension to really stretch those abs and you can even do this at home. Just tilt back and then extend back your abs will actually force you to contract forward and you can easily ruin your day sitting and sharing your house. I exercise number four, let's talk about stiff legs or Romanian des because this is one that everybody gets right, but they end up taking it way too far. I like this kid a new growing up was a phenomenal guy, great to hang out with, but eventually he get way too drunk and I'm shooting in somebody's house. But not in a hallway or a sink because even that's acceptable, being a random spot. Like you know, the ceramic jars that every mom has to say cookies on it with cute little pictures of cookies, he would shit in there. But nobody will know about it so we have to stop the party set up a search team because last thing we want to do is explain your friend's mom why they're shit in our cookie jar. The problem is the initial part of the contraction is all hamstrings, but as you progress with the movement, you're upshifting more emphasis on your glutes and if you're really screw up it'll go in your lower back. But this is a quick and easy fix. Just take inventory as you're going through the movement and see where that sweet spot is for you. My sweet spot I mean that point where you hamstring say shit and you gotta go back down. That's your sweet spot. Because it's nice to have an exercise that has that poster chain from your glutes down. But I find the best results come when you get really hyper targeted. This can definitely be that for hamstrings when you stop coming up too high and shooting in the cookie jar. If you haven't got a chance to check out the new 30 day full gym program, I'll leave that link below or maybe if you're stuck at home and you need the garage program that also be linked below. Same thing. 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. If you need bigger biceps I'd watch this one because who doesn't want bigger biceps. If you need help with your diet, my box that one. But most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Doctor you soon.