All right, today we're hitting glutes and as much as you don't want to hear another man tell you at a flexure butt cheeks, you need help. So let's get after it. I can't overstate how important it is to develop those glutes. They're involved in everything from dead lifts to squads to walk and lunges. Even lifts you don't think about like men over rows. Anytime you hinge those hips, those glutes are involved. If they're underdeveloped, you're going to pay the price, which usually means your form is going to go to sh** it. Now, a good test is throw 45 pound bar in your back squat down. And if that's not your happy place, and you can't sit there and make your kids sack lunches, then they're not a strength. They're a weakness. I'm not saying your eventual goal should be to travel the world and use those cheeks to crack wall on some stage, but they definitely should be a priority. I know from me personally, everyone's in a while thrown an entire day that's just exclusively glutes. Yeah, screws at my whole training routine, but I know the long run, it's worth it. Think about it this way. Say your mind in your own business, just taking a stroll through an alley and out of nowhere, a bunch of dudes jump you. Wouldn't it be nice to know that you don't have to stress? You can just look at them and say, good luck. I can hold this flex all day. We're starting out with a dumbbell variation because when people say, you know, I can't do that lift because after a while, it jumps into my back. Usually isn't a lower back issue. Usually what it is, this is glutes aren't strong enough to maintain that form throughout the entire lift. It starts to break down, goes into that lower back. So we're going to tack that head on by doing a hybrid between a good morning and a squat. So the way you're going to set this up is have that dumbbell nice and high back straight feet set up like a sumo squat and your entire body's going to work in conjunction. So as you start to tilt forward, you're going to drive back in a 45 degree angle with those glutes. Those knees are going to drive out. And then once you get to the bottom, you don't just sit there and try to lean back. You're going to use those glutes, engage them and flex and that's what's going to bring you up. So if you're able to make your own makeshift land mindset up at home, you've got a ton of options. You can do single legs, stiffs, you've got kneeling, donkey kicks, which I'm not going to show you the kneeling version because I can already see the complaints in the comments. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, I will gladly let my wife stick a finger up my ass, but I will not kneel for an exercise. So instead, I'll show you the standing version. And as long as you have something to help stabilize you, it works even better. So the way you're going to set this up is center of bench perpendicular to that land line about a foot away. And then from there, it's just about bending that knee, putting that bar right above that calf and leaning slightly forward to stabilize yourself in the bench. I'll be surprised if that glute on the off leg hurts just as bad as the one you're working. Because that stabilizing leg is going to hurt like a b-m. So it seemed like a lot of people like that were first lines variation. I showed a couple of videos ago where you have a single dumbbell, you're holding on the rack, you haven't seen a link to it above. But if you weren't born with the most gifted coordination, probably not the exercise for you. On the other hand, this land-line version is a better option because you can use that land line to help you balance. That way you can focus on actually putting pressure on that glute instead of just trying not to fall in your ass. The other benefit is the landline itself is going to promote good form. So as you're going to that negative, it's going to drive all that pressure under your working side. As you're coming up, it's going to force you to rotate over top of that glute. And if all else fails, take it back to basics. Throw some weight on that squat bar and set it for low bar squats and hold the bottom for three, five seconds, whatever you can take. You know you're on the right track when you're sitting at the bottom and it feels like it doesn't hold leg press. You could just kick somebody across a room. A couple of quick things. I've had people last about the ring I wear, so I'll link that below also if you're crazy enough to take the 30-day challenge. Good luck. I'll also link that below. And most importantly, if you haven't seen it yet, here's another video on glutes. Also just another one of my favorites. Make sure to subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.