Alright, today we're going to have a four sets that will help you build some serious muscle. Let's get after it. What the hell you doing? So I saw a video recently on junk volume and I was taken back because that's the opposite of what I believe. I think those ridiculously high rep sets are the key to building muscle because they teach you how to train. And before you say you can only train like this if you're on TRT or taking PDs or you pay the hooker to blow, create a team up your ass. That's false. It should always be your goal to push yourself as hard as you can possibly. Then it's up to you to listen to your body. If you have to use a rascal to get around the grocery store, maybe take a day off. So let me go with the four sets that transform the way I left and hopefully it does the same for you. The first one is a drop set on Hacksquat. This one taught me what it really means to fail. Now I've done drops sets in the Hacksquat before, but this particular day, my body and I decided we're going to hurt ourselves. And the rule was that if you lock out your knees, you can punch in the dick fairly reasonable punishment. Even when we forced out that last rep before we dropped the weight, we couldn't lock it out. We had to sit there and flex as hard as we could. But what I didn't know and soon realized is when you push yourself to complete failure, your legs don't work anymore. That sled slowly starts to crush you and only when weight stripped off, can you force out a few more reps? That day I learned there's different degrees of failure. Level one is, oh my muscle doesn't work anymore. Maybe I should stop and take a rest. That day was level baby deer. And if I didn't pay attention when I stepped off a curb, it would take my life. Next, aha moment I had from extreme set was actually born on a frustration. I was training biceps like everybody else grabbing the straight bar, doing sets of 10 after that first set, I went up and weight and I kept going up. But I couldn't figure out why every set after just didn't feel good. It was less and less connected. Finally I was so frustrated. I said I'm going to go to the cable machine and grab that fucking easy bar attachment and do curls until my arms fall off. I got to about 30 reps and then my biceps lit on fire, but I didn't set the weight down. I just took a couple deep breaths and I kept going. 15 and then 10 and then 5 and then I prayed a little baby Jesus and then forced out 5 more until I got all the way to 100. I woke at the next morning and I couldn't even straighten my arms and I realized most muscle fitness magazines are full of shit. The secret to bigger arms is not four sets of 10. It's finally exercise. You really connect with and pushing yourself to complete failure. Remember when I first found out about rest-possets? It was a joyous day. The only thing I got equated to was 7th grade when I found out that there was naked women online and all I had to do was search form. And I felt like they were there just for me and if I didn't find them all, they'd feel bad about themselves. I felt the exact same way about rest-possets that I had to try them on every single exercise. But one day I realized I'd never done what deadless and that was a shitty day because I quickly learned up to that point, I'd been half-ass in my back workouts because the moment my back started to tighten up, my brain would jump in and say, this isn't safe. Let's finish this rep and go to some McDonald's franchise. And for those of you who are from the other rest-possets, you're going to pick a weight you can do for a certain number of reps. In this case, I was shooting for 15 but you don't stop when you get to 15. You go to a complete failure. If you pick too light and you got 24, that sucks. If you pick too heavy and you got 9, that also sucks. Once you fail, you take a few deep breaths, you go again, you do that one more time and that entire thing is one set. And when you do that with something like deadlips, you learn that your body's capable of a lot more. If you can shut the bullshit off in your mind. In the last set, I want you to attempt this for legs again and it sounds simple but for anybody who's taking one of the programs, they know it sticks out and sucks the most. It's 180 walking lunges. I know that sounds simple but the caveat is, there's no rest. You can't step those feet together, you're going to walk through every single lunge, no stopping until you get to 180 awful reps. The lesson here is your body quickly adapts to anything you throw at it because I guarantee the first time you try it, you'll get around 70, your meat out so it will blow up and you'll take a dirt nap. Next, two, three times, you'll get stuck at around 90 and four degrees in that fifth time, something clicks and you can carry your husky ass through all 180 reps. So what are these sets of two for you in terms of belly muscle? Not much. In the short term, what they really do is reset your body's tolerance for pain. So the next time you feel like you're really pushing yourself, pull one of these sets out and you'll realize you got a lot more to give. And if you didn't check out the last video or one of the science of how you should be training your legs, I'll link that here and if you need somebody to hold your hand and kick your ass with some of the e-sets, I'll link the programs below but most importantly, like subscribe, hit the notification bell and get after you get grown. Dr. You soon.