Well, since nobody asked me to do this, I felt obligated to make this list. And you shouldn't have taken wide-rudells. This is because half the world is walking around with half their shoulder. It's a bit of an epidemic. So I'm going to say it's turning into a goddamn pants. So the real title of this list should be the top five exercises for rear delts that you can't screw up, even if you train like an asshole. Because let's face it. Training rudellts is difficult. And I'm sure you're just like me and every time you do, takes you right back to losing your virginity because it's the same thing. Just like you had to find a woman that felt sorry enough for you. You have to find exercise that your lack mobility and dysfunctional bio mechanics can't screw up. And when you were ready to get after it, you had to make sure you were actually ready to get after it. Because the last thing you wanted to be known for is trying to shove your marshmallow into the keyhole for ten minutes. Same thing with rudellts. I have to make sure that your shoulders are back and down. Your traps are out of it. Your lap doesn't engage and your rudellts is actually the thing that's firing. And even when you're in the process of losing your virginity, you learn some things that you didn't think you were going to learn. Like I really should watch what I eat before I do this because my stomach is torn up. I don't know if I'm going to finish or violently shit everywhere, but either way it's going to feel great. And just like rudellts, things can go off the rails really quick. You can have a great connection. Next thing you know, feel like you had a stroke. All that to say, you're guaranteed to get a great connection from these exercises. But either way, you should always keep that bottle tight. Alright, the first unfuckable exercise is the one that I don't even know the name of it. It's the one we put the barbell behind you. You bend over and flex straight back. Now the reason this one's so great is because even if you go too heavy, you're still going to have a great connection. Now preferably you'd be able to go lighter, flex straight up right above your ass. But either way, still going to work. Now the other benefit is hand placement is really a place. It's really a preference more than anything else. Some people are going to connect better with that pronated overhand grip. Other people like myself, supinated because it already opens up that shoulder. Flexes the rudellt from the start and from there it just goes from bad to worse. Alright, next up we have angline rudellt focused around the world. And these are the same benefit as the last one because even when you take that lightweight out to the side, squeeze and gauge that rudellt and then pull the weight around, that's rivaled pretty equally by what looks like those arm circles. You didn't six grade P class to warm up your shoulders before. Your chubby ass head to go run a mile. Same thing, both of them work, both are going to tear up those posterior delts. Alright, next up, let's go over one for the person of the gym that gets just as distracted by the leggings they see. As they do looking at themselves because with this one, don't think if you're not screwed up is tuck your chin and put your head on the pad. From there, take a supinated grip and just flex those dumbbells from your side straight back. I don't care if you can't help yourself when you start looking the pad doesn't matter. You're not going to mess this up. But the next exercise we can take that same concept over to cables and what's crazy to me is I've never seen anybody do this variation. But if I asked you right now to flex your reared l, you probably would just go, try to squeeze it back. That's what this exercise is. What the fuck, right? And the way you set this up is put that cable at i level and contract down at a 45 degree angle. And yeah, you're going to get some engagement of that tricep, but not as much because it arm is in a fixed position. So that tricep is going to be an aesthetic contracts in the entire time. And that's nowhere near as painful as the fiery death that's going on your reared out because the true beauty of this exercise is the only thing that can happen at the end of the contraction is a fully flexed reared out. So this last one technically isn't exercise. You can do for sets, reps and get results, but that's not the way I like to think about it or use it. I used it either pre exhaust or unfuck an exercise I don't connect with. And that's by taking a band like this, doing 30 reps and then going right in that exercise. And I don't care how bad your mind muscle connection was before. You will instantly screw yourself in a good way by pushing someone's blood in that reared out that no matter what exercise you do after you're going to have a connection, whether you like it or not. There you have it five exercises that you can't screw up if you wanted to. Now normally ask people to like subscribe and do all that this one. I'm sure you know at least one person with little to no word doubts. No need to say anything. Just send it to them. Don't figure it out. And if you haven't got a chance kick your ass with a full gym or garage program, I'll leave a link in description. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. You need more help with your shoulders. I'll leave two videos here, but most importantly subscribe because apparently there's a million other assholes just like you, which is fucking awesome.