All right, we're back with dumbbells only and today we're hitting shoulders, which is a pretty damn important day. So if you don't want your wife to leave you or your kids to get hooked on basalts, I'd pay attention. So over the years, I'm going to notice one of the hardest muscles for people to connect with is that lateral head, which is incredibly important. Gushing that nice roundness that fullness really caps that dealt off. And I'm no different. I can't just walk up to a dumbbell rack and do side ladders and expect my traps not to jump in or if I slip like shit the night before my neck not to stroke out. So the best thing I found is really to prime that side dealt by doing partial reps and then get in the full range of motion. I like through this two separate ways. First way is with parcels at the bottom of the movement. Now this should be perfectly fine for anybody with shoulder issues because we're going to open up that wrist, supinate that palm forward, which is going to open up that shoulder. And then instead of going directly out to the side, which could get that anterior dealt to jump in, we're going to go back in a 45 degree angle. So at the very worst, you're going to get that posterior dealt involved. Anybody that says they have overdeveloped rear delts is full of shit. It must be above a giant gap with rear delts should be. And this is a very slow controlled movement with the static hold of the top. So you're coming out to the side, three second hold, and then back down. Make sure you try to disengage that deli second, let it relax, and then re-engage to start the contraction. The other way is by doing partial reps at the top of the movement. And these sucks so bad that I'm going to be going to use 10 pounds and it's going to look fake. But the struggle is real. Also, I'm a honey badger. So I'm going to go beyond what most people will feel is a safe range of motion, pushing beyond parallel, keeping my palm down the entire time. And if you're not okay with that, you're not comfortable, completely understand. Turn that thumb up, shorten the range of motion, stay below parallel, the choice is yours. You just get some weird flashback and ledges of the hidden table. May do. If your side deli's are blown up by now, you're also broken. Welcome to the club. I love about you. My four-month side ladder was always changes. I don't know if it's just because I'm bored, but what it feels like is I'm trying to hit a moving target because what I connect with the best always changes. So recently, I've been getting a lot of stupid extra wasted movement involved, but it really has helped. Because what I'm doing is I'm rotating those wrists in a way up, feels like a machine side ladder. It looks like it's a waste of time, but really what it does is it leads those elbows, to start the contraction, and make sure that those are the highest point as I can track up. By listening to the interior delts next, because we're having nothing left after the disgusting sets we're doing for rear delts. As simple as it sounds, one of the best ways I found really hit those front delts is by doing a front raise with a lightweight 15 pounds, but making a couple modifications. The first one being is instead of coming directly to your side, you're going to bring that weight between your legs, which is going to help keep it out of your trap, but also put a little more stress on that front delt, and as you start to get into that stretch, you're going to lean back to the point where you see that front delt relax, that way when you re-engage it, you're going to lean forward to making contraction even harder. Our finishing up with rear delts, doing a tricep going back to back to back, later on the exercises based upon difficulty, so there's no need to rest in between just suffer through the entire set. Starting that with rotation, so elbows tucked to your side, rotating those shoulders, facing contraction out from those rear delts, right into a straight arm rear delt fly. Now this is where you have to decide what the best range of motion is for you. For me, I felt fine doing a full range. If it jumps into your traps, try parcels at the top of the bottom, and then go right into parcels at the top, palms down, real short range of motion, just peeking out that contraction. So as always, like, subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next, and remember, that's all it's for bad. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.