Alright, today we're in the inner part of your triceps, the long head. Which makes up a majority of that arm. Really, it's the difference between having a nice horseshoe, but your arms 13 inches and having big, girthy arms that really roused the geriatric ladies up. So if you're ready, let's get after. Now, obviously with close grip bench, you can feel that longening gauge as you initiate the movement. But as you start to drive through and face that contraction off, you can feel that tension shift over in the lateral head. Now, if you're risking handling it and you're willing to risk your life a little bit, making a reverse grip, doing a reverse grip press will keep all that focus in the long head. So to avoid any exphyxiation, I didn't pay somebody for, I'll sit the opposite way in the bench. That way when I'm dead tired, I'm racking the weight. I'm not racking it towards my neck, with just my fingertips holding the bar. I can rack it away from me. Also, this is something I keep light 20, but usually 30 reps, and I'm just blowing those inner triceps out. That's a little too risky for you. You've got a wife, kids, just not about that life. You could use dumbbells, but you're going to need some heavy dumbbells. Also you're going to be fighting your wrists the entire time because you're going to naturally want to rotate back in to more of a neutral grip. So you're going to deal with that. A better option is just drop that bar down and do a reverse grip pushups on the bar. And I like these even better than the dumbbell version because you're a little high off the ground. You can kind of adjust it and find that perfect spot for you. So as you drive up, you're almost into more of a dip position. And if you keep your hips nice and low and just work that upper body, you can put even more pressure than the dumbbell version because you can drive up higher and back more. Let me take a second to thank Roman for sponsoring this video because right now is an awful time to get help for any sort of common men's health condition. And if you're dealing with something as serious, it feels like a life and death like a rectal dysfunction, you want treatment ASAP. And honestly, you've been stuck at home for so long. Even though if the damn thing works anymore, if I was single, that'd be my biggest fear. So I've been right on somebody having a great connection, starting at hot and heavy, dropped my pants and then having to plea with my junk to cooperate. Why you even deal with that when you got a company like Roman? Now you can show up to the date with a raging boner. That'll leave an impression. My friends at Roman spent years building a digital platform that can connect you and a doctor licensed your state all from the company your own home. Just grab your phone or a computer and complete a free online visit and you'll hear back from a US license physician within 24 hours. And maybe it's the times we're living in or I'm just a sucker for an nostalgia, but I missed a day's money didn't even need alarm clock. Every morning I was woken up by painful painful erections. If a doctor decides treatment's right for you, Roman's pharmacy can ship your medication to you with free two-day shipping and you also get free unlimited files for your doctor. Any time you have questions or you want to adjust your treatment plan. So stop trying to ship a marshmallow keyhole because with Roman, there's no commitments and you can't sell any time. So if you're struggling with ED, go to get Roman.com slash Ryan for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. So in a perfect world, we would just grab a straight bar, supinate those hands and flex it all the way down. But problem is that most people, myself and clear don't have the shoulder and wrist flexibility. I haven't been able to do that since I was a 14-year-old girl. So this bar is going to be your new best friend. And there's definitely a right way to use this handle because if you grab in two close as you flex down, you'll notice that shoulder is going to rotate on you and just get more of that lateral head. So what you can do is tuck those elbows in as much as possible and grab as wide as possible so no matter what happens, as you flex down, there's no way for that shoulder rotate. It just stays open the entire time and it targets that inner tricep more. And there's two ways to use this handle. The first is by lightning the weight and leaning back because if you try to stay straight up and down, problem is as you can track down to finish that rep off, you actually feel like you have to press away from your body and you never want that on cables. If you're doing a press, that's great. But on cables, you always want to feel like you're pulling back towards your body to hit those triceps. So by leaning back, you change the angle of the cable and you're able to finish that rep off by pulling towards you the entire time. And the other one's a little bit more dynamic. Because when I take two movements and fuse it into one, so we're going to start by leaning forward and then we're going to make that long hand engaged. So we're going to pull the elbow to your body and then flex it down. Now I would start out doing this like a robot. So I'll cut it into two chunks and as you get more comfortable, then you can kind of speed it up throw some way around and make it a little bit more of a fluid movement. So I've said this before, but I low with dumbbell kickbacks. Because no matter how thorough your instructions are, you leave somebody alone for five minutes you come back. Are you fucking curling? What are you doing? I can't tell at this point now you're not even bent over. It just turns into a shit show. And if I'm not paying attention, I'm just as bad. I'm just a guy who's done it all night for a test and then still cheat off somebody else's paper just to be certain. So we get out of both of our ways by using a bench to limit how much that dumbbell comes back. So you can't swing and then get that perfect angle so you're not dipping that shoulder or standing up too high and really losing the actual connection to the tricep. So you're going to start out by finding the perfect angle for your elbow. Then you're going to drive that shoulder into the bench so every rep you do will be a complete pause and then right back up. Here's a link to a dumbbell-only tricep video. Also another one of my favorites and make sure most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and as always get after it get grown. Talk to you soon.