All right, today we're going over the top five reasons where your body transformation keeps failing. Know the mentees? AKA your ability to post inspirational before and afterpics once a week that nobody wants to see. Let me start up by saying I'm not ignorant to the fact that our heart is actually making transformation nowadays. Especially if you haven't made any serious progress up to this point in your life can be summed up by a series of days where you get progressively chubby. You got supplement companies trying to sell you something that inherently in the name or supposed to supplement your overall training and nutrition program, but they're so goddamn good at marketing. They'll make you believe you're one magic pill away from reaching your goal. Now I mentioned this before, but it blows my mind so it bears repeating the ES was the first company to figure out the infamous before and after transformation picked that every supplement company uses. They took a guy who looked awful. Like he'd been free-based and glazed on it for the last 10 years and they took his afterpics, where he looked incredible. Now they never say this, but it's kind of implied that he might have taken the supplement in the morning and then shit out his double chin before the photo shoot. Now even if you're smart enough to realize that transformation didn't happen overnight and that guy probably didn't even take the damn supplement, you're probably still sitting there thinking, well, if this guy represents the company, can't be that bad. Until someone like me comes along and tells you the truth, that those dickheads took a guy that was already in really good shape and then got him fat and then reversed the transformation picks. It's pretty fucked up. Now if that's not enough to get you frustrated, you got things like Instagram that in-between you double tap and every woman you see, the algorithm will give you the middle finger and make you think you're the only person on the planet that doesn't have a six pack. Thank you, I get it. She's bigger than later than me. Why are you showing me this dude? Do I really need to see somebody's paraplegicogram with it as a vein in their obliques? So yeah, it probably feels like your fate is sealed in your life destined to be a plot of a lifetime movie but don't worry, you just gotta fix these five things. Number one, you lack structure. One of my favorite quotes ever is an undisciplined life isn't insane one. If you don't have a detailed plan to follow, you're gonna fail. If you think you're gonna go off intuition and just make good decisions, good luck. You're the same asshole that got yourself into this situation. The second one is fear and I love this one because you get both ends of the spectrum. You get men who are freaked out but even if they do everything right, they still won't get results and you have women that think that they're gonna get too big. Good fucking luck. That's everyone's way of protecting themselves. That way if they do fail, they don't get embarrassed. But truthfully, if you put your entire self into this, you're gonna get the results you want. Number three is you start comparing yourself and we result to other people and then you get frustrated and then you say, okay, I get it. Sometimes I walk in the gym and I'll start giving out middle fingers like their valentines. One for you, one for you. We're about the same size, you can stay. What the fact of the matter is, comparison is the enemy of progress and the only way that works is if you turn it inward and start comparing yourself today to who you were yesterday. So long as you're better, who gives it shit? And number four, you're not being honest. This one's tricky because you don't wanna kick somebody when they're down, especially when it's yourself. But if you're pretending you're happy with what you look and you're not, you're f***ing. And I know everybody gets a trophy nowadays but I think we might be better served in admitting that we're not happy with where we are. I think that's an incredibly empowering thing to admit. We should throw parties for people like this. Everybody should get their friends around. All right, Carl, congratulations. You admitted your big fat mess. Now everybody stay on his ass until he gets to shit done. And number five, you hide behind your responsibilities and never make it a priority. You got a wife, you got kids, you got a job that you work too much at, whatever bullshit excuse you got. And this one's insane to me because you're basically saying, I'm the last one the list. I'm the least important thing in my own life. And we've all been around these people and they are f***ing miserable. Do everyone a favor and be selfish. Make yourself your number one priority and everything in your life will be better because of it. And honestly, I can make this longer but it's as simple as course correcting on those five things and you will never fail yourself again. And here we've got a chance to check out the program. I'll leave a link in the description. It's 20 videos, it's 20 bucks and people complain because it hurts. And if you haven't got a chance to check out these two videos next but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Don't you soon.