It may be hard to believe, but I care. A new uses right around the corner, so I want to make sure you achieve whatever diet and training goals you have and that the transformation sticks. Because 80% of people fall off in the first two weeks. Obviously, you're not in that category, because you've already figured out consistency. You're just a greedy human. You want to be bigger, leaner, or both, which is perfectly acceptable. And come to think of it. 80% is probably a lowball number, because if you've been to the mall recently, you realize you stand up like a sore thumb. You look around and notice that you're the only one that doesn't have a wet-sense pretzel stuffed in their face. So if you've been in the business of how many people long enough, you know there's a common story that comes from people that haven't quite figured it out yet. And usually go something like, for whatever reason, I missed the gym one day, and then I missed it the next, and haven't been back since. And then I got diabetes, and I lost part of my foot. So if you're somebody who's got results in the past, and for what a reason you're on this horrible, yo-yo cycle of looking phenomenal for a while, and then looking like a character of yourself, the best advice I can give you is for the first 30 days, show up every single day. Even if you don't have something to train, some days I'll show up with a gym and realize, oh great, it's anterior tibialis day. Second important tip, which I think is an underrated quality that everybody should have, and that's be more selfish. A lot of times people feel to reach their goals, not because they don't have a perfect plan, not because they're not falling into a T, but because somebody comes in their life and f**k it up. I can't tell you how many times someone's told me, I was doing great until, and the stories usually about their friend, who go to them into eating or drinking something, and this is something you gotta come in terms with, your friends are a natally evil. They'll purposely try to get you fat, to feel better about themselves. And it's not even against them, it's just human nature. So the best remedy I've found is brutal honesty. Just sit them down and tell them that either we're gonna go do something that's activity based, like bowling, you like bowling, or we can't hang out, because I don't wanna end up like you. Tip number three has to do with avoiding becoming a victim of that window of time where everybody's diet falls apart. Because it's easiest to clean in the morning, like I'm really hungry. Mid day you're busy, distracted, but at night, completely falls apart. And you can try to use willpower, but before you know it, we'll put this pizza in my mouth. It's critical you replace that wonderful feeling of having an entire pizza in your stomach, cutting off circulation to your other internal organs, with another positive one. Either you use as an excuse to buy your kids at PS5 and hog it all yourself, or sit down with your wife and say, hey, I really wanna get my diet and check. I don't wanna die young. What do you say every night instead of me gorging myself? Why don't we sit down, put on some porn hub, can't a girl who both like, and do something with both of her friends. Tip number four, trick yourself. It sounds goofy, but I can't tell you how excited how good my workouts are. When I hit the gym with new shoes, straps, not sure if this is still my first grade edition. The point being is as you get older, you look around and realize that we're all just basically 10 year old, just trying to look like we know what the hell we're doing. And you can easily incentivize yourself with chancy things. I know for me personally, when I'm gonna slump, I just find a new gym and that reinvigorates me now. Obviously, that's not the most practical advice right now, but hopefully this channel can do the same thing for you, give us new exercises, and new things to get excited about. Tip number five, keep it simple stupid. If your diet is so extensive, there's three different things on it. Take you three hours to cook a day's worth of meals, or you need a log book to track all your weights, and if you lose it, you're gonna jump off a bridge. It's not gonna work. In my opinion, you gotta earn the right to enjoy your food and both in more advanced training plan for yourself. If you're consistently hitting the gym, you're not missing a meal, you're making progress, then you can look at it and go, all right, let's crank it up and notch. Last thing, if you're already on the other side of this problem, you look through what you wanna look and you're just watching this channel for the dirty jokes, then I feel you have a responsibility to help people out that are just brand new to the gym. So on the first, when you see that hoard of people coming in, just tell them good job or hum out with something small because you'll be surprised how much that helps them come back and be consistent. Because for us, it's like a second home. Basically, they kick us out at the end of the night, but for them, it's kind of a scary place. So help them unf*** their lives. I don't wanna wish everyone a Merry Christmas, even if you don't celebrate it, I think it's a special time, and I appreciate every single one of you, even you fit lab, even though my wife hates you, I don't mind you. If I could, I'd send each and every one of you a present, I think this one I got for my wife and I. Get after and get grown. I'm gonna go get hit by a car.