Alright, today we're going to my favorite tricep finisher that are guaranteed to put some size on. But just so you know, this was not the original video idea. I actually came in last night to film a video how to bring up your week glutes and about 40 minutes into taking butt picks, I thought this is not okay. I was about two seconds from shoving the selfie stick up my, before I decide, you know what? I'm going to take a loss in this one. Go home, regroup, come back tomorrow. So I'm going to post on my Instagram story, asking people what they wanted to see. And here we are. So next time your wife gets pissed because you find 17, only fans, subscriptions on your joint bank account, just turn to her and say, how dare you? Let's go. Let's work hard. Alright, let's start off by going over a cup of my favorite barbell and then dumbbell finisher's just in case you're limited on equipment and then we'll finish with cables. And oddly enough, the barbell ones could actually be the hardest because you're making your own body weight work against you. Now, the key to this first one is getting that bar set up perfectly because you don't want to make it too hard to start because you can always change your body position and make it harder or easier after the fact. So I would start off by putting that bar right about junk height. And then from there, you're trying to mimic a French press. So drop that head underneath, flex it back up. And like I said before, if it's too easy, just walk those feedback further, flatten that back. And yep, that sucks. Alright, next up, drop that bar down and roll it up against something so it doesn't move and do what I call a vertical crushers. Cool part about these is just like with regular-scale crushers, you can dictate what you're going to put in the moment, it gets more emphasis. But with these, that's everything to do with where you put your hands. So if you're going to focus on the topic of contraction, just line those hands up with your forehead, if you want that deep, painful, disgusting stretch and focus on the initial part of contraction, just bring those hands a lower and lower. And I wouldn't plan on doing these in a plank position. If you're going to do a couple and feel good about yourself, go for it. But after you get two whole reps, then do them on your knees like everybody else. When it comes to finishing off those tries with dumbbells, pretty much any drop set will get the job done. Because all you're trying to do is push a ton of blood and make sure there's nothing left in the tank. But since a pair of asymmetrical triceps is enough to make you go play in traffic, might be a good idea to finish with some unilateral drop sets just to make sure they get hit equally. I don't know about you, but I always have one side that I easily connect with the other side. Yeah, so I have to lock myself into place so I don't screw it up. When it comes to cables, there's quite a few I can think of, but let me just give you two, and the handle doesn't matter. So that's going to do with the handle. That's just more preference what you connect with the most. It's more about how you kick your f***s. One of my go-to finishes are the 30s. That's the one we do 30 partial reps at the top, 30 at the bottom, and then 30 full. Do a couple sets of those. You don't have a choice. You're done. Or I'll put on a way that I know I can get 30 reps with, but I know I'm going to struggle. And once I get there, I don't set it down because the goal is actually 100. And I know what to get there. I'm going to have to take 75 breaks. I'm going to make a bunch of weird noises and the form is going to be crap, but it's going to get the job done. So if you like this video, let's meet. Make sure you watch these two next, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.***s.***s.