Alright, today we're hitting try steps, tearing up that lateral head getting you that horse shoe. Now for anybody that says that you can't put more stress on one head compared to another, it's gotta be frustrating. Wake up 15 minutes early, get your lunchbox all packed, walk all the way to school, only realize that that same what you got in there, it's made a bullshit. You can't isolate it completely, but you can absolutely put more stress on that lateral head. Let me show you how, let's get after it. Places a complete mess, but this thing's gonna be gorgeous. I'll do that. Alright, so we're starting off with the cables because it's the most versatile way to hit that lateral head. I'm gonna go with three of my favorite variations, so no matter how screwed up your shoulders are, how bad your at-fall directions, you're definitely gonna connect with one of these. But the premise is pretty much the same. We're looking at ways to rotate that wrist, pruning that palm down, and make that lateral head dominate the movement. So we're starting off with parcels at the bottom of the movement, really focusing on that rotation and keeping this light. So we don't want those traps to jump in, 20, 30 reps, but this isn't a limited exercise. You can use this in primer, you can use it as a finisher, either way, it's gonna ruin your life. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. The next two movements are unilateral, because we'll have a dominant side. We connect two more. This is due to the fact that no matter how much your mom swears she didn't drink, she's pregnant with you. She's full of shit. You wanna know how you can tell? I just tell her she's just morning. I make bunny ears. It's a dead giveaway. The first one you're gonna start up by making a poor man's preacher girl. Just making a fist, locking her, and you're gonna fist, locking her, and you're gonna need that tricep. And this is gonna allow you to flex that tricep the way I think you're supposed to, which is not a way, but actually pull towards your body. And more importantly, you're gonna be fighting that rotation already. So it's a lot easier to rotate that wrist, and then rotate that shoulder, and drive all that force into the outer head. Now if you had trouble connecting with the last two, that's all right. I mean, you're a little screwed up, but we'll get through this. All we have to do is put that shoulder in the position. We want it to end up in, and then all we have to do from there is flex straight down. So standing perpendicular to the machine, flare that elbow out, and then from there it's just a straight flex down. If you wanna a little bit more emphasis, just pronate that hand a little bit more at the top. Going up, après, this the hands we have. In my opinion, King is a little roll, just turn and stretch your elbow down. Another movement that left really build up those horseshoe triceps. It's school crushers. Now it's a little countering to it. If you think any movement that stretches that tricep is gonna put more emphasis on that long head based how engineers were especially, in the lateral head on top of that. We're going to do a static hole and we're going to make that lateral head work at the peak of the contraction. So if you've ever seen somebody grab the easy bar cable attachment, flare those elbows out and they just do press downs, they're trying to hit that out of her head. Problem always had with that though is you can use the entire stack, your fighting gravity, which contracting your abs, it just fills an awful movement. Especially when you can set up a floor press the same way and get even more out of it. So grab a closed grip, flare those elbows out and go down as low as you comfortably can, and then wrap it out. Here's the link to the Tricep video on the long head. Also another one of my favorite Tricep videos. Subscribe, hit that notification bell and as always, get after you get grown.