All right, today we're going on my favorite dumbbell exercises for each body part, but we're going to cut it in half and start with upper body because I don't want to film the ten minute video, just as much as you don't want to watch one. But just so we're perfectly clear, these exercises aren't made because somebody has no access to a jam or limited equipment, even though it's probably the circumstance that the person has to make this video. These are just better. So you can feel the endless amount of machines to choose from. You're still going to do these because they're that disgustingly good. So if you're ready, let's get after it. All right, start enough with delts. This has won a lot recently because obviously it's a great finisher, but it's also a great way to start the workout because it primes it, pushes a ton of blood and even though I categorized as a rear-belt movement, you have to get that entire shoulder involved. So before you even get into your workout, your one set in, you're already screwed. Now this is the one where you flex that rear-belt out to the side and then bring your entire shoulder into it by wrapping around and then repeating. Now, I made a couple of tweaks to it. First thing is I bring that seat up even higher. I found that 75-80 degrees is a sweet spot because too far, four, you're going to pull those straps. You just want to feel like you're tilting a little bit forward so you can flex that rear-belt. The second thing is I go with an lighter. I know. They ask hold it already, trains too light, find a way to train even lighter, but it's because I have a better connection to it. We're able to hold that flex with your rear-belt a little bit longer, two, three seconds. And then flex around. It's just a better movement overall. My favorite dumbbell exercise for back is easy. It's a high elbow roll with that chest off the bench because it hits the entire back. And you're going to want to put the bench on the slight incline. But not only can you hit the entire back, you can destroy it because it's one of the few exercises where the upper back's going to fail first. And then you can continue crank on and terrorize that mid and lower back until you can't take that pump anymore or you finally shit yourself. Why steps are tough on? I've been literally standing here for 10 minutes trying to figure out which one to show because there's so many good ones. It's really all you need. You get rid of your friends, divorce your wife, tell your family to piss off and just take that dumbbell and go have a good life. I said a little bit about what's my go-to dumbbell exercise when I'm training biceps. And usually what it is, I'll grab two dumbbells, tuck those elbows into my stomach, treat like a preacher curl, and then make that bicep work even harder. So I'll lean back during the negative, put more stress on to it. And then lean forward during the contraction, just to force that flex even harder, do a tonne of reps and every time, which is a noxious amount of blood in there. When it comes to triceps, I think we're all fighting the same battle. We got one side that looks great and the other side looks like we picked it up at a dollar store. That's why I didn't pick an exercise like a single dumbbell French press because even I love those, you just never know how much one side's working over the other. That's what I think the best dumbbell exercise for triceps is a skull pressure because one side can't take over the movement. And the way I would do them is push that elbow back as far as you comfortably came with that shoulder and also get that wrist involved. And I know, forearms not connected that way. And actually I had some guy message me a while back and explained to me exactly why because it does make that tricep contract harder again that wrist involved. And he said it in a very eloquent way, but it's long drawn out. So I'll just bring back the trust me. Now, for chest, I'm going with one's a little bit different because I think the biggest problem that most people have no matter what exercise they're doing is being able to contract that chest. So this will help you develop a better mind muscle connection on top of that if you have one side that's underdeveloped, this will fix that too. And you can do these anytime during your workout, but I usually start or finish with them. And what you're going to do is take a dumbbell, we're going to do these unilaterally and you're going to flex that dumbbell across your body, palms in a supinated position, and you're going to drive it past the midpoint of your body, focusing on flexing that chest from the bottom, all the way up. If you've got a moderate amount of weight, the best dumbbell exercise for traps is a shrug variation where you're going to slightly forward. That way you can put more restretched on those traps, but also you're not just pulling straight up. You're actually going to be able to wrap those traps around your neck because you're tilted slightly forward. And then you can dictate what part of the traps you want to hit. You tilt more forward, you're going to get lower into those traps. You stay a little bit taller. It's going to be more of a shrug movement, but you're still able to get a better contraction because you're wrapping those traps around your neck. It looks like I'm doing abs on leg day because this is already going to be a long ass video. Here's a link to a dumbbell chest day. Also, another one of my favorites at dumbbell leg day. Most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.