All right, today we're hitting chess and we're going back to what I've been calling the IBS series because either you're going to walk out with a little throw up in your mouth or solid shark and this one's going to be a tough one. So my put a little hair on your balls. So when I say this workouts, it's going to be a rough one. First thing, probably pops your head as we're going to throw some weight around which we'll get to. But for me to crank up the intensity, especially on chess, when the best things you can do is really slow down the movement, make sure that front and out doesn't get involved too much. Really open up that chest as much as possible. So you're getting a nice clean stretch of wrapping around your body and then you can flex through the movement. And the way you can do this with the movement I've been doing a lot recently, which is kind of a high movement of flying and press and there's a lot going on. So the first thing you're going to do is actually going to lean forward during the negative portion of the movement, which normally would jump in those anterior delts, but because we're going to supinate that wrist, it's actually going to open up that shoulder and strictly just stretch that chest. Now as you start to contract, you're going to lean back, say nice and tall and then flex across your body, donate that wrist down. And if you do it correctly, you should feel that chest lighter from the outside all the way in. This is a slow movement. You're actually trying to open up that chest, stretch as much as possible, and then flex through the movement. Don't just move the weight, flex it up. And then one little tip that will probably help you get even more out of this is as you're contracting up, make sure that chest is the tallest point. Now it's just going to keep those delts out of it and keep that connection to the chest the entire time. I love when people comment on my videos and say, you're so vulgar, your language is just it's too much. I go a little test for you. When you travel out of town by yourself and go to a hotel, what's the first thing you do? Welcome to the club creep. Because I think these are great way to simultaneously hit your upper chest along with those inner pecs, we're going to do a drop set of coffin presses. And because we're really kicking our ass today, we're going to do three drops. And then make sure on these, you're really open up those elbows at the bottom and then drive them in flex those pecs together at the top. It's just going to really make sure you engage that chest all the way to the inner part of that pack and just get more of the contraction. I've talked about this a little bit in previous video, but most of my chest days have been set around decalime movements. And really just want to thickness and the outer part of my chest. But what I've noticed is my overall chest has gotten better, wider. It's just a better movement for me in which I would argue most people because you get a nice stretch. You can really open up that chest even more, a better contraction. And it's really hard for those anterior delts jump in. You might get through triceps to jump in a little bit more, but I rather have that than my anterior delts just rolling forward and eating the movement. So that's been a plus. But also what I've noticed is getting the outer chest even thicker. For me when I drop weight, last place to lose is my lower back and my chest. So the first place to hold water is my lower back and my chest. So getting that nice and thick round chest and that outer part of my chest a little bit bigger is really just fixed that problem altogether. So now it's just my big fat lower back to go. So what we're going to do is a dumbbell fly which is a slight decline by throwing a plant or a neat bench. Just to elevate that chest it's a little bit more. Then we're going to superset it with dips, but really slow motion dips. So really opening up that chest flexing up as slow as possible. Trying to get like six reps. If you get more than that, you're going too fast. And then there's no rest on any of these. You're just bouncing back and forth until you throw up, or just you're done with your sets. All right. So we're finished now for the little triceet. Death by pushups. Just for anybody who's still locked up in stuck at home. Also leave that in the comments, whatever city, state, country you're at, what the hell's going on there? Is your gym open or do they burn them down? All right. So we're starting over the decline style pushup. So arts that back chest tall really focusing on that stretch and driving it up 15 reps there. Then kick those to the side. Fly style pushups that turn those palms out. Chest nice and tall. Again, 15 there. And then you go right into regular pushups, still. Little bit of arts for that back. You keep those shoulders out of it. And then you're pushing that to failure. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.