Alright, today we're setting up a shop on the lap pull down machine going over different handles, angles, and you can do it with elbows, range of motion because you can build a phenomenal back on this machine alone. And whether or not you want to admit it, measure your lat's engine, it's a serious f***ing issue. There's a guy's cross-country phone over dying because you probably can only hold that make believe luggage for so long before it gives out and you die. So if you're ready, let's get after it. By the start with a couple of my favorite single arm movements and the benefit of these is you can put that lat in a stream stretch that you can't get with other pull down very variations. The first one you can do by sitting on the side of the machine and then actively drive yourself away from it, putting more of a stretch on that lat, and then as you pull down, don't just pull straight down, you're going to wrap around your body and keep the elbow in a fixed position. Don't be afraid to play around with your grip. I'm going to take a neutral grip on both, but if you feel in discomfort, try to supinate that wrist and see if you get more of a connection that lat, unless on the F-year shoulders giving you. The next one you're going to set up by sitting on the machine like an older human being, and your goal is to flare that lat as much as possible. And you can do that during the negative portion movement. So as you start to come up, instead of just keeping the shoulders square the entire time, you're going to actually turn into the lat you're trying to flare out. And you'll know you're doing it right when you feel that lower lat starts to pop out a little bit. And as you can track back down, you're going to square the shoulders back. And just that little bit of movement is going to connect you more with that lat and more engagement. It's going to tear them out. The thing I want to cover on the straight bar, other than the fact I don't think people utilize or appreciate how much of hand placement, completely changes in this movement, because most people would just grab on that kink grip and rip it, which there's a place for that. But when you're going close with those hands, lock those elbows out, you hit more rhomboids. We're going to extremely wide changes in the way the movement actually feels instead of a pull down, those are your point in your body, which is extremely beneficial. What I want to go over today is the fact that your elbows will dramatically change this movement. If you're trying to talk your entire upper back, I'm talking mid-traffes after those were adults. You're going to start with those elbows in line with your body. And as you start to pull down, once you get a hair below parallel, you're going to change the goal. If you're going to pull down, now you're going to try to pinch those shoulder blades together and flex that back. And if you're looking from the side, you're going to see there's a natural slope to those elbows. And when I'm really trying to target lats with the straight bar, what I'll do is I'll exaggerate my elbows and really drive them forward. And you'll notice this is going to make this an extremely difficult movement. But if there's anything you take away from that, anytime you tweak an exercise, then becomes that much harder, it's probably going to get you better results. So you guys know this handles pretty much my only friend. Anytime I can incorporate it on a back day, I do and I've talked it nausea about my fear where to do these on a lot of pull down, which is working against it during that negative portion, coming back, keeping the elbow fixed position, but the other way I like to use it is on a movement, I'm just going to call it cleavage because basically you're pushing it together and you look thirsty, but it works. So as you sort of come up and drive those elbows in as much as possible. Try to touch them together if you can, if you can't, I can't either don't worry about it. And you're trying to keep those arms touching you the entire time. So as you start to contract back, you're wrapping those shoulders around your body and you'll notice this engages lats more than anything we probably done today because there's so much movement with them as you stretch and wrap around and contract back, you're going to feel a great connection to these. And because I've seen a lot of people use this handle and try to flare those elbows out and hit that upper back, I'm going to throw this in because I think there's a better way. I think you're always better off using the rope, that way you can feel like you're pulling it apart, you get more of a contraction, you get more movement, you're not in pins by the short range of motion because of those hand things so close, you can pull them apart and get more engagement. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video next, get after Gick Rowan.kc.