Alright, today we're going to over six supplements that you need if you're serious about building muscle. One of these has been shown to put on pounds muscle of the course of the year, but you've got to take it in a very specific way. You can't just go all-wall for wall streets and start banging your chest. Are you sure about this? Oh, God, I told you if you're serious about building muscle, you have to load your creed team for six days. Trust the science. Yep, that's me. You're probably wondering how I ended up in this situation. Now, are these going to move the needle as much as waking up at the morning and drinking half a glass of steroids? Or some of the pro-homeones that used to sell in the 90s that made you piss rainbow colors? No, but most of these fall in the category of things you should be taking because you're most likely lacking based upon how you live your dumpster life and that can seriously hold you back. Like supplement number one, creating. One of the most extensively studied supplements of all time, Monohydrate, the rest of crap. What people feel to realize is it's simply just an amino acid you get from the food you be. You store it in your muscles and it's one of your body's natural sources of energy for muscle contractions, but there's a threshold. Meaning that for those that have reached peak concentration in their muscle cells, creatine is about as useful as if you supplemented Cialis when you're 14. But for those that are below that threshold, which is most likely you, it makes perfect sense to take. But I wouldn't take it the way that most people recommend, which is with 50 grams of sugar because then you're just going to end up gobbling down Swedish fish after every workout and slowly turn into a fat mess. The way I would do it is load creatine for the first six to seven days, taking 20 grams you split into four separate doses. Then it would take five grams from then on out. Next up, vitamin D3. And this one's fascinating because it plays a role in everything from muscle protein synthesis. It can lead to increases in strength and overall testosterone levels and it's unlike any other vitamin because it isn't a fucking vitamin. Structurally, it's actually closer to the super draw you see like tick tax when you were 17 years old. And just like creatine, those that are deficient will see the most benefit, which is good news because that's pretty much everyone. And if you think you can walk around your back yard, but ask naked to get your daily dose, you're going to have to walk around a midday sun for an hour. And if you have darker skin, forget about it. You have to turn your ass into an easy bake oven. The answer gets your balls well before you get enough vitamin D. Your best bet is just get your levels checked and see how bad they are. But if you're too lazy to do that, there really is no serious risk in taking the upper limits of what they recommend, which is around 4 to 5,000 I use. Look what I found. Or scripture and grade vitamin D. This is how you know it could kill you. Serving size 50,000 I use. Take in once a week. Next up, blue to me. Just kidding, it's actually crap. Most of it gets absorbed in your intestines, which is good for overall good health, but that's not what we're doing here. Now these last three or ones that if you don't take them, I don't know what you're doing with your life. So I'll go through them quick. Caffeine. I've tried to kick this one a few times, but it has a detrimental effect on the intensity of my workouts. If there's one thing that separates big people from not something people, it's their ability to almost kill themselves during their workouts. Caffeine helps with that. They're just eventzines. Now your body creates these, but if you're serious about belly muscle, then you're taking in more protein than your body comfortably wants to take in. So you need to supplement to make sure you can break down and utilize as much protein as possible. Now you may think this was not really the ability muscle, but one of the selling points is it slows down the absorption of nutrients, which helps maintain blood glucose, homeostasis, which is important because the last thing I'm going to do is be one of those guys that the gym that thinks are really muscular, but they're actually fat. Also your colon's a muscle and fiber helps it contract. So good luck getting that image out of your head. Programmes are linked below.