We're turning up those abs going over different techniques you can use whether you're at home or in the gym to make your abs training more intense because we've talked about it before. The six back comes the day you decide to stop screwing up on your diet and you know who you are. It's the person that says, I don't know. I can't figure out why I'm not losing. I'm doing everything correctly. And then you say, okay, someone would have tablespoon of peanut butter looks like and they pull it out. It looks like a f***ing ice cream cone. But at the end of the day, you still got to train them. So I'm going to show you how to be more efficient. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So we're not using any equipment today. Everything we're doing is on the floor. So it doesn't matter how limited you are, even if your wife locks you out of the house and to explain to you how you got covered in glitter, doesn't matter. You can do this in the front yard. And we're starting with breathing. Because it's one of the biggest mistakes I see people make. They bear down like they're blowing out that 3 AM Mexican food bender they had the night before. And that's not how you want to do a crunch. You're not trying to understand and lean forward. Here actually want to breathe your way through it. So think of it as you're taking that belly button, trying to drive it through the floor, and you're breathing out to cause a contraction. So even if you're standing there, you can breathe out now. And notice how you get to the end of your breath, you'll naturally start to tilt forward. And that's when you should crunch up. And I know it sounds simple, but so many people get this wrong. And I think it's critical if you want to get the most out of every crunch. Because just breathing out makes you contract your abs. Now you're crunching on top of it. Just makes it that much worse. So now that you got your breathing down, it's going to make every single rep that much better or worse. Depending on how you look at it. But that's not all we can do. Because even though you haven't seen your abs in a while, they responded the same things that every other body part does. And one of my favorite ways to help somebody build a mind muscle connection is by slowing it down. Because I can easily say, hey, go do 20 v-ups. They run over there. They jerk up 20 reps, pat themselves on the back and wait for their ribbon. But the goal is never to get there. When you're building muscle or body building, what do you want to call it? Failures to the game. So you want to find a way to make the exercise hard enough that you don't have a shot. So think about those same 20 v-ups. And now going as slow as possible. And making sure that muscle gives out long before you get there. So a static holder contraction is painful in a matter of what body part you're training. So you're hitting biceps, you do a curl, you hold it for a four, maybe a five count. That's going to dramatically decrease the number of reps you're going to get. But with abs, it's a totally different ball game. It's going to be one of the few times here. Don't lie if you're going to try to actually poop your way out of something. So let's layer all those painful things together. You start out with the breathing out, start the contraction. You're going to go slow as you possibly can. And at the top, you're going to hold that static contraction crunch as hard as you can. And then back down nice and slow. Another thing I like to do that I rarely see is exaggerating the flexion and extension of a crunch. And you can do this easy by throwing some dumbbells on your feet. Or if you're stuck at home, shove your feet underneath the couch. Or you ask your dancer friend who covered you in glitter and got you locked out. To use those classic clear heels and step on your feet. And if you've never done these before, I'd air on the side of barely angling back because this is a true core exercise. Because you actually hyper extending back to really stretch those abs. And then breathing out to contract yourself forward. I put the over under it 10. So at the end of the day, yeah, abs are made in the kitchen, but that's not an excuse. Now to kick your own ass every time you train them. So next time you're on the floor, doing crunches. If you can't integrate some of the things we talked about today, just do something simple. Like open up those knees to pull your hip flexures out of it or hold those feet off the ground. So you're already in a static hole before you even start the crunch. Or even just bringing elbows to knees to make it that much harder. But at the end of the day, you can always make it worse. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program. It's 20 videos, 20 bucks and good fucking luck. And if you haven't seen either of these two videos, you're going to watch those next. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. One of the hardest things to do is make a video that applies to everybody. If want to make one, I'll limit it equipment, just to Benson dumbbells. Somebody will surely comment, say, hey, I would love to do that. But my wife will only have a bench. So you make one of just dumbbells. And somebody else would comment, say, hey, my wife will only use her pink dumbbells. So you make one, hey, just air squat and place. I don't care what you do, just squat and place. Somebody else would comment, I can't, it hurts too bad. My wife makes me tuck my junk until she gets home. So that's what we did everything on the floor today. But I'm sure somebody's going to comment and say, I can't do it. I sat on my balls and hurt myself.