All right, today we're going to over seven of the most underrated back exercises that you should be doing. I want a little back then. All we're starting off by throwing the rope on the lap pull down now. Now, I see like an obvious thing to do for some people when you're at the gym. You realize the most people will use the V bar handle and the straight bar and that's it, which I get. I mean, I'm playing super Mario Brothers once again past that. Dunn and level. I'm done. And the rope attachment comes with a couple different advantages. One being you get a nice deep stretch on those lats without pissing off your shoulders because unless you live the boring life and you have no shoulder issues whatsoever. You know that a straight bar, even a V bar handle can be a little crunchy on the way up. And that's because you can only move those elbows out and then to kind of work around any impingement you might have but with the rope. You could separate those hands more bring them closer together, flare those elbows out and really let your shoulders guide you in a nice deep stretch with those lats. And the other thing allows you to do a stay nice and tall and contract those elbows around your body and pull right into your lats. Which is rare. There's a couple specialty pieces equipment I've seen that do this, but this is still better because when you're paired with that nice deep stretch. There's nothing like you'll wake up in the next morning and no exactly where your insertions are. And if you want to hit the upper back as well as those traps just lean slightly back, pull those elbows nice and high. And it works a hell of a lot better than standing version that just awful looking you know the one where your fumbling back and forth you get one foot in front. Kind of awkward. That one don't do that one. Now some people might see the next exercise and think it's a different exercise you're just slowing down the tempo which is true, but we still can't be friends because that's not how I think when I think about rows. Think about yanking stuff up and down which is wonderful, but when I think about slow rows, I think about contracting that back in a totally different way. For instance with regular rows, I'm homeless static contraction and just rolling it up and down until I kill that back with volume. Now with the slow row, I'm trying to contract that back in section. So it gives that low middle back. I really exaggerate that upper back and then I start the rowing movement so it goes from the bottom all the way up. All right, the next exercise is definitely one of the most underrated the reverse hyper. Now one of the benefits I have is constantly filming myself is I get to see which exercises have the greatest potential to be completely screwed up. And sometimes I film myself on a regular hyper extension. I'm like what the completely sideways. Now sometimes there's just a simple as how you put those hips on the pad, but I've also noticed there's somebody that stands most of the day. Then you probably shift your weight to one side and what you fill is an equal contraction. Usually isn't. It's part of the reverse hyper is this kind of a self-correcting exercise. As long as you keep those feet together, you have a pretty easy time contracting that back the way you're supposed to. Unless you have horrible scoliosis which you should have figured out in elementary school when at random adult rubbed your spine. It's a f*** up test. And to answer the future question, if you don't have that piece of equipment, you can absolutely do these out of bench. Either just keep those legs straight and do them as partial reps or bend those knees, get the full range of motion. Or get the exact same movement but putting that bench on an incline and laying over top of it. And to the inevitable of person that says, I don't have that piece of equipment or a bench. What do you do in my sense video? Should be learned how to make money. Go watch the movie waiting. Learn how to fold your junk into a cheeseburger and start at only fans. I don't want to tell you. So we all kind of agree that pullovers are amazing. They rank right up there with your wife and kids, but most people don't have the rhythm to do them correctly. So what we have to do is put your training wheels on and lock you into place. So over the first one, you're going to set that bench up on a 45 degree incline, lay back and really focus on the bottom of the contraction. Nice part about this is you can kind of shift those hips and drive them up if you need to to keep it out of your traps. And then we're flipping over. We're going to feel more of the emphasis on the initial part of the contraction. Now, good idea here is do them like a compound set. Start with this one once you fail, flip over and keep going. And make sure you try out different handles and grips. Everything from a straight bar with an overhand grip to an easy bar with a reverse grip, even throw on the rope because you never know what you're going to connect with the most. No shit, it's still Easter. You never know what sweet little baby Jesus has planned for you. And lastly, a good reminder that even though we have a full gym to use, sometimes it's just the simplest things are the best. Like finishing off with a bodyweight high elbow row where you can kind of set it up like a mechanical drop where you start with those hands nice and close, push it to failure, and then slowly work your way out. If you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link below. It's 30 days, it's 20 videos, it's 20 bucks. Not a lot of money, especially if you learn how to smush your junk into the form of a cheeseburger and post it on only fans, you can afford it. And if you haven't had a chance to watch these two videos, I'll watch these next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after a gig grow on Talk to you soon.