All right, today we're going over my favorite at home exercises because recently the list has changed. Let's get after it. So recently I came out with a program that I thought for sure is going to be tough to come up with new and inventive ways to torture people because the way it works is people give me money. I put that in a jar on top of my fridge and collectively we just destroy ourselves. But the caveat is all we have is a bench, barbell, dumbbells, bodyweight. Turns out, not only is it easy to murder each muscle group, but this has been the source I've been in a long time. After every time I'm done filming a video for the program, I'm sitting there trying to buy a jacuzzi online, hyperbaric chamber. I got three or four appointments at various happening massage parlors. So inspired by that, I'm going to go over my new favorite exercises more specifically, sets that have caused me to hug the handicapped stall and ice my newly acquired testicle. So starting out with chest and you'll be happy to know you don't need a lot of weight to play along because no one with presses, you need a whole dumbbell rack to get it done. But if you slow it down and do a 10 second negative and a 10 second positive and you pair that with drop sets, you'll regret it immediately. Just make sure your pencil is shoulder blades together and your chest is the highest point and as you're contracting up, only come as high as that chest will allow you to go. Don't force it any higher with those anterior delts or triceps. So this next one I love because obviously it worked but also how much it defeated me. You know you're on the right track when you feel like you need to go to counseling afterwards. So what it is is three different variations of a dumbbell push-up done back to back to back. So you start out trying to mimic that incline but putting your feet on a bench, then you go right to a traditional flat and the last one you're trying to mimic a decline so you're going to really arch step back, keep those hips close to the floor and try to make a decline press out of it. And this is also when you can utilize for triceps but bringing those dumbbells closer together and tuck in your elbows in. So if I had to choose just one exercise for shoulders, that's going to be tough because most of the death threats came when we did really high rep giant sets. So we started out with exercise for anterior delts, then lateral head, then posterior delts and then we did one that screwed them all. And on top of that we made tweaks to each exercise to make them even worse. So for that lateral head we did side ladders but we slowed it down to a crawl. For that posterior delt we did rid out flies but we stood at the top of the movement. For the anterior delt we did front raises but we also leaned forward and for the scruly entire delt movement we just did bus drivers because those already suck. Now abs is an easy choice because I distinctly remember waking up one morning, accidentally reaching back to stretch and then my eyes almost popped out of my head because my abs just contracted me into the fetal position and I've talked myself out of some crazy situations in my life but it turns out it's a lot harder to keep a straight face when you're trying to convince your wife for something you actually didn't do. No honey honey you don't understand. I'm not trying to suck my own my abs did it. Oh. Yep that's still not easier. You're doing a weighted drop set of V up so you start with the dumbbell between your hands and your feet. Once you fail you drop the one in your hands once you fail again drop one in your feet and then just jerk your way up to the top. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program I'll leave a link in the description but just a little warning it's not easy but most importantly if you haven't watched these videos click those next or hit subscribe hit the notification bell because that makes me happy get after get growing. Talk to you soon.