All right, today we're going to have one of the most science-driven bicep workouts you've ever seen. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So here's the thing. When you're younger and your goal is to get this biggest, humanly possible, you will spend hours sifting through different case studies, sitting on forms because you just want that slight edge. I just think they remember being in college, sitting in a kinesiology class, just salivating, waiting for my teacher explaining exactly how miles in and act in cistered together, because I knew if I figured that out, I was golden. I was going to grow like a weed. But as you get older, you realize the how and the why are no more nearest practice goes to what the hell you should be doing. And eventually I got kicked out of said class, because my teacher was adamant about the fact that I purchased me only lives in that seven eight rep range and that there's really no benefit of training your chest and on different angles, so just do flat bench. So I tried to physically assault him. For instance, if you lined up the three biggest guys from every single gym, I doubt you end up with the most analytical and thought provoking humans this world has to offer. More than likely, there's still going to be right in their name in crann and still I'm figured out why the cistering so important the gym tan boundaries of the world, because it's not about that. Only thing that matters is what you do day in and day out. But since I'm a man of my word, get ready for fucking science class. I'll be sure to leave the sets and reps in the description, so you know where to find him, but we're going to start out with one of my favorite cable exercises for biceps. You set that bench up on a slight inkline. You put on the easy bar attachment and the nice part about these, you know, have to think about it. The range of motion is pretty much set because you go down to those legs and then you curl as high as you want because basically you got that constant tension to work against and you put yourself to failure. 20, maybe 30 reps, but we're also going to turn this into a compound set. So once you fail, you sit up and then you rep out some partial reps. And the scientific research back proof of why you should implement this in your training is because across the world there's a little over 100 man who have a condition called diefallus, which means are born with two penises. Alright, next up, we're heading over the Dumbbell Rack to insets the ten with alternating curls, which not something I would normally do, but I can't argue with the science. But the caveat is we're doing a sending and descending drop set. So I'm going to start with a lighter weight, 20 pounds and do 10 reps on each side. Then I'm going to start going up and weight. I'm going to continue to go up and wait until I fail to get to 10 reps. Once I fail, I back it all the way down until I get to where I started. Now, the reason why this is so important is because every year over 600 men are admitted to the emergency room because of injuries from sex toys. So maybe think twice before you go home with that flesh light. We're wrapping it up with one of my favorite finishes for biceps because ensures that every fass of that bicep gets hit. So you're start with a reverse grip curl. Once you fail, you drop it, supinate those wrists, go into a regular curl and then at the top of all off. Once you fail on those, go right into a drag curl. Also another important thing to note. Over 700 million years ago, our ancestors had a spine in their penis, which obviously natural selection wasn't too kind to because back then if you broke your dick, you died. So if you want more science-based training, just let me know in the comments below. Also, if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, it's basically what I did today. Fast pace a few jokes. It's 20 videos, 20 bucks. It's a 30-day program that will just kick your ass. I'll leave a link in the description. But most importantly, if you haven't watched these two videos, you're going to want to watch those next and like, subscribe, hit that notification bell so you can comment first and get after it get growing. Talk to you soon.