Alright, today we're gonna get you some big esclauds by increasing the depth of all your squat movements. Give you the ability to ship more that weight into your quads and most importantly, still maintain driving through this hills. You're actually engaged with the muscles that you want to engage and it's simple as it sounds. It just comes down to ankle mobility. And before you say this video is not for me, I go hard in the pain of my squats and trust me two years ago. If I want to solve this video, my feet started watching it and realizes about ankle mobility. I would have been in my pockets looking around and I put that. But you're gonna quickly realize that the name of the game isn't just depth because it's one thing to get down there. It's holding a thing to be able to actually control and shift that weight and engage those quads at the very bottom of the lift, that's gonna lead to some real gross. Let's get after it. Alright, so I'm gonna give you three things to do that. If you do it over the next seven days, it'll dramatically change your squat. Really not only your squat, I need to stress this even more that think about something like the leg press where you can walk your feet all the way to the bottom, but still maintain driving through this hills. So you can see how it's gonna put more of a stretch and stress on those quads. So first thing we're gonna do though is figure out how FWR. So you're gonna put the ball of your foot on the wall, heel in the floor and your knees can tell us everything we need to know. If you can't touch or need to the wall, you're a little bit screwed up. So, sort of drive it forward and there's gonna be a stretch, but if you can't get anywhere near, then we've got a lot of work to do. What's the leads into the first exercise or stretch? How everyone can categorize it? And it simply is that putting that foot on the wall and driving that knee forward repeatedly. Now, if you can get there, great, you're in the special class, just increase the angle and then keep at it. And you have to simple concept, but I often find the simple concepts are the most effective. I mean, it's a simple concept to wipe your ass, but if you don't, you have a shitty day. All right, next up, we're gonna abuse that Achilles in calf. Now, I'm using this giant dumbbell, you can use a kettlebell. It doesn't matter. I just like this thing because it looks ridiculous. You're gonna start it with your Achilles and work up the calf. Now, you're gonna rotate clockwise, counterclockwise, up and down, and to put more pressure on it, I'll you just lift yourself up or even just cross your leg. It depends on how screwed up you are. Now, keep in mind, we're just going to have an influx ability issues. If you have weak ankle problems, then we'll go over your whopping another video. All right, I saved the most dangerous one for last. Now, this is not when you want your buddy to help out with because the worst possible time to figure out that he's a jerk is when you got a resistance band pointing at your asshole. So attach it to a heavy dumbbell, a rack, doesn't matter. And I prefer it like a higher bench than this because I want that band to pull more of a downward angle, but it's getting the job done. It's keeping that heel down. So from there, it's just about leaning forward and cranking on that stretch. Last little bonus tip that'll make a big difference is a couple times a day sitting the squat you want. Now, it's not going to be comfortable at first, but after doing these stretches for seven days and then sitting in the position for six seconds at a time, you'll notice that things change. Not only can you actually sit here in your comfortable, but now you can actually control and shift your weight and move your hips and dictate how you drive from those clots and it's going to change everything for you. Now, if you're somebody who wants to see these stretches done for a longer period of time or maybe you got other issues, I'm going to link to my buddy who's just a phenomenal chiropractor and his channel's even more no bullshit than mine that I don't even think he speaks on his videos. He just stretches for a long period of time. You can watch him do it and it really helps out. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get growing. Talk you soon.