Alright, today we're going through another chess workout because the last thing I want is for you to one day look back on your life with regret. Sit there and think, I wonder how much better my life would have been if I want to have bigger d***. I don't want that for you. Let's get after it. Alright, we're starting off with cables because the one thing I found that's just as important is warming up those shoulders, getting those rotator cuffs all greased up, is start with the exercise that really primes the chest because yeah, you can sit there between each rep and think, okay, I got to pull those shoulders back. Chest has to be nice and tall, but I don't go to the gym to think and go there to kick my own head so instead, you can start with the exercise, it really pushes a ton of blood and then we don't have to think about it. Those hand warmers are leading away the entire time. I wonder not your access to cables doesn't matter. You can use bands because I'm not stressing a specific exercise, more so I use structure sets because most people walk up the cable machine with their favorite exercise in mind. Do three, maybe four sets and then go to the drinking fountain, try to scout that machine fly that's right next to the ad dr machine. Your creeps know what I'm talking about. Missing out on one of the biggest benefits of the cables or even bands has to offer a beautiful pinpoint what part of that chest you engage the most. So instead of doing your favorite three sets of nonsense, instead, why not change the exercise with each set. You can do it with the handles, just drop the handles each time or if you're doing a seated bands like this, you can actually change the angle of the bench and change the movement completely. So you might start with an incline press, but as an angle goes down, it turns into more of a decline press. Another mistake I see people make on here is they treat it like every other exercise. It's not. You're not trying to hit PRs, you're trying to push a ton of blood and take very little rest in between. You see this all the time. Some of you hop on the machine do a really tough set, but then take three minutes to reminisce on the time when they moved in their ex-girlfriend, went to go put their clothes way in the drawer and then found out she had a deal, a little bigger than their leg. This is not a time for deal, though, thoughts. You should be able to double most people's output when they're doing three or four sets. You should be able to get in seven or eight because all you're doing is hitting a set, change the angle and getting right back after it. And if you're sitting there thinking that won't work, I got a training partner. You're probably young. Don't worry, one day you'll grow up into the asshole you were born to be and then say something to piss them off and be back to training by yourself. All right, the next exercise is also going to answer the question I've been getting a lot recently, which is how do you keep those anterior delts from screwing everything up? And for me, it's just about modifying the exercise until I get that result I want. And one of the things I found that not only pulls those shoulders back, so that just is nice and tall, but actively works and muscles involved is by laying on the ground and jamming a foam roll on your back. So preferably you have a lot softer foam roll within this piece of shit, where even use a bocible works great, but the key is to contract those rhomboids and traps the entire time you're on here. And yeah, it's going to limit your range of motion, but that's exactly what we want because it's going to keep those shoulders back and down the entire time. And the only way you screw it up and jumps in those anterior delts is if you lose that contraction with your back. So not only can you pull out this exercise and use it as much as you want, you're going to find you have a great connection to that chest. You can even do these on a bench to get even more of a stretch, but also you're going to find that those stabilizing muscles are going to build up over time and naturally those shoulders are going to go back and down and you'll start driving through your chest. And then you won't have to message another man online asking for help with your anterior delts. Thanks again, Roman for sponsoring this video. They reached out and they said, hey, you got to add a res left and you just not use terms like marshmallow. It at least stopped doing push ups, but in my defense, there are missing out a huge demographic of people. People like myself, they're more than happy throwing some old school message gym shorts, pops and media medication and walk around the mall with a raging boner just to ruin everybody else's day. Because Roman makes it easy for men to get help with common men's health conditions. And when you're doing something serious as ED, you won't help ASAP or if like me, you want to pop on before business meeting just to assert your dominance. You'll find it's a pretty quick process. Just grab your phone or hop on your computer and complete a free online visit and you'll hear back from US licensed physician within 24 hours. And if a doctor decides treatments right for you, hint, I would tell him you got a sword fight scheduled for later that day. You want to be able to appear some beer came with it before you shot on it. Your part of the make-away program and it's been your lifelong dream to see what it's like to be like one of those people in ED commercials. They have a reaction longer than four hours. Roman's pharmacy can ship your medication to you with free two day shipping. You don't get free unlimited fall ups any time you have questions or you want to just your treatment plan. No commitment. So if you're struggling with ED or you just want to pitch a tent 24 seven, go to get Roman.com slash Ryan for a free online visit and free two day shipping. Again, that's get Roman.com slash Ryan for a free online visit and free two day shipping. If you want to, I'm so sweaty. It's a good carried away. I'm supposed to be filming a video. I start working out. Shit happens. So if you've ever used hoist machines before, you know, they're phenomenal. There's just enough movement to make you really connect with that muscle, but not too much words of noxious question. Am I the only one that before they go on roller coaster figures out exactly where the camera is so they know the moment they can take that look off their face, the look of, I must have shit as pants. So then you can look like a hard ass, but you go way too far. And when the picture pops up on the screen, everybody looks at you like your serial killer every time. So in the spirit of that, we're doing the poor men's version with flies letting that lower back and butt hang off the bench. And as you go into that stretch, you're going to really force it by driving those hips down. And as you contract up, you lean back and drive those hips up. It's going to only feel like a little bit of movement, but it's going to really increase the intensity of that stretch. All right, now that you got that dry helmet out of your system, we're going to finish off with really wide grip pushups, but make two adjustments. First, those hands will be slightly supinated. That's going to naturally bring those shoulders back and down. And the second is, we're going to go all the way down and hold the bottom for a five count. And should ruin your life. If you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll link to that below. It's 30 days. It's 20 videos. It's 20 bucks. There's a Facebook group. You don't have to be a part of it. But it is nice to know that you have a community of people and you're sharing in the fact that you're all getting your ass kicked. And if you're limited on equipment, I've watched this chess video next or it's just another one of my favorites. But as always, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.