All right, today we're going over the scientific way to train those triceps. So get your note pads out and get your fingers out of your head because we got some work to do. We're starting off with cables because they're easily one of the best ways to hit those triceps. Now most people will just sort of stack on there, grab the handles and start throwing it down, but they're missing the true beauty of using cables. And that's being able to dictate what part of the tricep you hit because we know if you're printing that wrist on the way down, it's going to target more that lateral head. But if you try to grab the rope with both hands, you're kind of limited by how much you can rotate those wrists. So you're going to commit to losing the ego and doing them single arm. And if you suggest this to your training partner and he's immediately against it, it might not be a zego. Might want to sit them down, grab a drink and ask him how he's doing. I was life's going and help Venice penises because he might actually have a condition called payroll needs disease, which is when scar tissue causes a severe curvature in one's penis. And this exercise is just too much of a painful reminder of how curved his dick is. And the way I like to set this up is by standing perpendicular to the cable machine because even just to grab the rope, I've got to close that shoulder off, which is going to neatly target that lateral head. Now I can exaggerate it even more, but don't we talked about which is pronating on the way down. And if you're frustrated because you don't feel like your triceps are growing fast enough, it's because you're training too heavy. Just lighten the weight, focus on the connection and realize that, yeah, you can put more emphasis on a certain head of that tricep by making a small tweak. And if you're the training partner in your frustrated, don't be. They can inject an enzyme into your penis and fix that broken deck. So if you've ever seen in my videos before, you know, I really focus on time under tension to which a lot of people jump in the comments and say that's bullshit, progressive overloads the way to go. But when you take a step back and you realize that you're going to spend six months of your life waiting for a red light to turn greener, that a female kangaroo has three vaginas, you realize just how fleeting life is. And you really want to sit there for two, three minutes between each set. When you could just focus on doing more reps, getting more time under tension, and getting better results. And when you're training like this, there are several things you can do to make yourself more efficient. Like we talked about before, just simply take less rest in between each set, which means you're going to be using the same weight or possibly even have to go down and weight, which isn't a problem because that's not the goal. Or set up a mechanical drop, where as you start to fail, you change your form that way you can force out even more reps. Or program something like we're going to do here. Set up a series of exercises to get progressively easier, easier, like this bodyweight French press into this straight bar dip. And then right into a floor press, close grip, of course. And even though you're going to push yourself to failure in each exercise, you're able to take less rest for some more reps because you're very selective with how you chose your exercises. And ultimately get more time under tension. And I saw some comments from the last science-based bicep video, which I'll link to above. But some people are pissed because they think I'm making light of the science behind weight training, which isn't the case. I'm just jaded. I've seen enough things in my life to know that the scientific method can't be used to explain away everything. For instance, when I was younger, I used to work as a transporter at the hospital. Now, my only job is to put somebody wheelchair, take them to a place, drop them off. Well, one particular guy refused to get in the wheelchair. He said, I'll walk. Now you look like a dick. So I just said, all right, I'll walk with you. I dropped them off to get an X-ray. When I came back to pick them up, the X-ray tech grabbed me and said, hey, you got to see this. Apparently, the guy had a football of his ass, not like a miniature football, an official NFL license football. Now, I never thought about it before that point, but I would just assume that that would be scientifically impossible. But that man proved us all wrong. The only thing that he broke my understanding of how mathematics work as well, because when he tried to explain what happened to the X-ray tech, it was statistical anomaly. Basically, he said he was painting the inside of his garage on a ladder and he happened to have a football sitting on a T next to him. When he fell off the ladder, he perfectly landed to where that football lodged itself up his ass. Forever damaging my trust in the scientific method. And maybe use that as a little inspiration. When you're doing a century set and you're like, there's no way I can get there. Just think about that guy. Because if you can fit an NFL football, if you're asked, you can do anything. All right, after this video, I'll go back to my traditional helpful videos because this series is getting a little out of hand. But if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link below. It's 20 videos. It's 20 bucks. It's a 30-day program that will definitely kick your ass. And if you can't justify that, there's no hope for you. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the science-based BICEF video, I'll leave a link for that. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.