Art it's Saturday, let's get a little creative, tear up those legs, cause it's not like we're going anywhere anyways. So in terms of legs, hamstrings have to be the hardest to hit when you're stuck at home, lit it by equipment. Really, I mean, you can hit quasi-dust, as he squat, you can do glutes with reverse lines, even calves, you can do them, you can literally put more pressure on one calf, and really, you know, you're waiting to it and you can still effectively hit it. But other than a stiff leg where you're just stretching out and kind of getting a good contract, but not a great, you know, shortening of the muscle where you're just pushing it on a blood, unless you're like me and you just sit around all day thinking about all the shit you have in your house and how you can use it to hurt yourself, and in terms of that, your couch is incredible for hamstrings. So the first thing you're going to need to do is wait on your couch. Now you don't need actual weight like I used, you can just call your dogs up there, have your partner sit up there, it doesn't matter. Then I took off my shoes because that way I can really flex my feet a little bit more, engage those calves, and then for me, any time I engage my calves, it really helps contract that hamstring even that much more. And then from there, you're going to slightly lean forward, but at the knee, the rest of body says perfectly straight, and till you get to a point where you feel like your hamstrings are fully contracted, they're going to stop, keep that same angle with your body, and then rotate over top of your hips. If you had a guess, play the thing you haven't here. So before I started making these YouTube videos, I thought everybody did leg extensions for quads. Turns out, most people don't. In fact, most people think if you look in that direction, you're needing to explore. And then I think somewhere along the way you got demonized, and that just became the new norm of nobody should do those. But I think it's a great exercise, as long as you have the right range of motion for your biomechanics, but it's for a whole other video. But if you're somebody that does these regularly at the gym, they're going to find the at-home version, is it a credible tool over quarantine here? So a couple of things you're going to want to watch out for. One, put a tally underneath, just make a little bit easier on you, flatten those feet out, and then instead of driving straight up like most people do, once you stop at a 45 degree angle, that's going to put more pressure on those quads, hold it for three seconds, and then go back down. So for good, so we're going to do something a little bit different, because I get tired of doing the same stuff over and over again. I did this, it felt horrible in a good way. So like a shit wedding present, I'm going to read gift it to you. All right, so we're doing unilateral hip thrust, but we're going to completely change a form and make it something that probably you've never done before, because this home was new to me too. So we're going to open up that knee to the side, all the pressure is going to come from the side of your foot, because it's going to be completely on the floor, and really because of this of how your knees open up, it's going to be a really short range of motion at the very top of the movement. I'll let's hit calves, but let's put a little bit more stress and emphasis on each head of the gas truck by supinating or pronating our foot during the calf raise. Now a lot of people argue with this, there's no added benefit to this, or it puts more stress on your knee among the other team. Here's a good exercise to illustrate my point. Try this. All right, so what I want you to do is do a calf raise straight up and down, nothing fancy. And just feel how much your actual calf is contracted. Now from there, I want you to supinate that foot to hit more of the medial head, which is, I'm just using this terminology, it's closer to your junk. So what you're going to do is supinate that foot, which means you're going to roll on the outside of that foot on the way up. So start as a regular calf raise, then roll out, and feel that calf and see if it's not in contract even more than before. And the same thing goes for the other side, is you can track up and pronate in, basically just roll in that big toe. You should feel that lateral head contract even harder. If you don't, you're probably, all that to say, we're doing donkey calf raise. We're doing 20 reps for the medial head. You're going to supinate on the way up, and then 20 reps for the lateral head, pronate on the way up. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell. I'm going to leave that link so if you do want to get notified for when the course drops which probably won't be for another two weeks, because everybody got pushed back to at least then, but we'll get through this either way. Get after get growing. I'll talk to you soon.