Best fucking dumbbell back video ever. So if you're a gym lover like myself, then you gotta membership to four or five different gyms and one of those, you just keep because there's a piece of equipment that you love. Could be a pullover machine, could be a hack squat, whatever it is, you have to justify it to me. I get it. But it's nice everyone's wanted to get back to the reason you fell in love with the workout in the first place and then it's throwing some dead weight around. But the one thing that's hard to replace is how many phenomenal exercises there are for lats. Everything from the standing cable pullover to the 75 different handles you can use on a lat pull down machine. And the typical go-to for people is want to have a love-hate relationship and that's the dumbbell pullover. Yes, they're a great exercise. But I don't love how I spend half the time thinking about how much my triceps are f***ing blowing up during it. But we can mitigate that a little bit. I put in the bench on a slight decline, changing instead of doing one dumbbell, we're gonna go to that'll just change the position of those elbows and then we're gonna keep an extreme bend of those elbows and keep that in a fixed position the entire time to keep more emphasis on the lats. So one way I found it take somebody who's either brand new or just has horrible hamstring and flexibility and get them really good at standing dumbbell rows is having make friends with the wall. So usually what happens is because of that inflexibility then up overcomposating with those legs. So squatting down to the point where they're actually laying on top of those quads and yeah, you don't have to worry about shooting at your spine at that point because your back so bold. But then you end up missing out on the way I think is the biggest benefit of this exercise is the flexion and extension you get from those spine or vectors from that mid back up. So by sitting on the wall and then walking those feet out to the point where they can start the movement with the flat back, then you take the legs out of the equation but you also take that lower back out of the equation as well because they don't have to think about it. They don't have to worry about it Boeing. It's just locked into place and then from there it's just deciding how much flexion and extension you want that mid back. And let me just make this perfectly clear. This is not just for inflexible or new people. I pull this thing out of the time. I'll go with the gym and walk in the corner, sit on the wall because very few exercises will light up those lower lats and those spinal vectors like this one will. So one of the actual benefits of dumbbells is that they're pretty damn limiting. There's not much you can really do with them. So you have to be a little bit more creative and how you actually complete the movement. So instead of a typical high row where you're just cranking it up and down, we can break it into two moments. We can start by flexing those rhomboids first and then going to the movement or flexing those traps and the rest of that upper back. And if you're limited on the matter what you have, this is the way you want to do because I'm only using 15s here but still sucks. So the reverse hyper extensions are phenomenal piece of equipment. It's one of the few that lets you hit those pair of spinals from the bottom up but most people don't have it. And there's a very interesting issue in the glute ham raise but most people don't have that either. So last resort, we're going to kick your ass the five pound dumbbell. And truthfully you probably don't need to dumbbell. The way your legs are going to be enough because we're just trying to recreate that reverse hyper extension movement and start that contraction in your lower back. Here's a link to one of my favorite back videos with no equipment limitations. Also another one of my favorite dumbbell videos. And as always make you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. Yous.