All right, today we're taking this barbell alone and building radicous looking back. Now, first, let me say if you're brand new, probably isn't for you. There's some advanced lifts that aren't easy to do. Also, if you're training just for strength, this video isn't for you either. Let's not my goal. I train for the superficial benefits. I want somebody to be able to judge me from a distance and say, I think I look like an asshole. That way, when they're forced interact with me, I don't disappoint. So if that's you too, let's get after it. All right, today we're training that entire back, and I'm gonna do it in the worst order possible. We're starting out with a very stiff deadlift. It really puts the owner's on you to engage and contract that back to the movement. Because with regular deadlift, there's so many variables and things that can go wrong. And when you're deadlifting for hypertrophy, it's very easy to lose sight of the fact that your goal should be to put as much good stress on that back as possible. And instead, you just end up moving the weight. You're gonna start out like a normal deadlift, but three cores the weight down, you're gonna stop and hold it for three seconds. He there is make sure all that stress is on your back. Doesn't drift on your hamstrings. Doesn't go anywhere else. That back is nice and safe. It's nice and flat. From there, instead of just standing it up and finishing it off like a normal deadlift, what I want you to do is start the contraction off in your lats. You're starting by engaging those lats, pulling that bar towards you, that entire upper back is gonna contract. And the entire movement is gonna feel like more of an active movement. Instead of just a static contraction, we're just holding the weight and just trying to put as much heavy as we're on your back. And you're gonna be able to contract through the movement and get more engaged in that entire back. All right, for this next one, you're gonna have to go even lighter than you did for the last one. Because it's one of the few cases where we're gonna purposely disengage that mid and upper back. So if you do this wrong, you're probably gonna die. It's critical that that lower back stays engaged the entire time. If you lose it, it's gonna be interesting. If you lose it, it's gonna be great. It's going to be great. If you lose it, it's going to be great. If you lose it, it's going to be great. You're gonna be great. You're gonna be great. You're gonna be great. You're gonna be great. lose it, your turn's over, you're done. Because all we want is movement that upper back, so then we can drive that contraction right in that mid back, build thickness in those lower lats. Some people don't like me saying lower lats. Coincidentally, those are all sorts of people that don't like any thickness in that lower part of the lats where they originate. So we're also trying to make that upper back work as much as possible too. So make sure you flare those lats out as you go down and then contract them back as you come up. So I'm going to do me a favor and comment the true story below, because I have no idea of this is. But when I was younger, someone told me that during tours by step, by doing reverse grip roles. And it scared this shit out of me. I mean, obviously, I think we all have some underlying fear of tearing a muscle, but the idea of that by step popping off and rolling up into your shoulder, kind of like one of those things you just to slap on your wrists is just doing the same thing. So I got a little bit more inventive with my training. I brought him back in with a couple of tweaks. First thing is I do them a lot lighter. But more importantly than that, I take that same concept I have when I'm trying to target lats on the seated row and bring it over here. So the elbows on the fixed position, therefore I got to get movement in that entire back to keep that same angle of the elbow and follow the natural arc of those lats. And like I said, I have a lot of fun here. I'll tell you how I put it in the corner. That's veryrespinational, All right, we're gonna finish off by tearing up that upper back. So what we're gonna do is a nice controlled row with their back parallel to the floor, elbows nice and high, and because we don't want to miss any part of that upper back, all the way from those rear delts back into those traps, we're gonna go hands fairly close to start, working our way out, getting wider and wider every set. I like to think Home Depot, not for sponsored this video, but when you're tired, it's pretty comfy bucket. Well done. And if you need more tips on back training, here's a link to another video, also just another one of my favorites. Most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and as always, get after a good grown talk to you soon.