Alright, today we're going through a full arm day. Sets, reps, rest time. We'll even go over to do if you accidentally sit on your balls. And if you don't get results from this one, you're defective. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So today we're doing all supersets. Some of which I would bet you've never done before. We're doing this for two reasons. First one is the connection and pump you get with these is ridiculous. Especially when you're really limit those rest times. They amount of metabolic stress you can induce is on a whole other level. The second reason is because it just feels better. I don't know about you, but I met that awkward age in life where I'm no longer the young version of myself that didn't even alarm clock. My dick would wake me up. I'd skip to the gym. Do whatever the hell I wanted with no repercussions, no joint pain. I'd have a friend throw medicine ball at me as I did crunches. And then I'd skip home. Now if somebody threw a medicine ball at me, I'd puncture along and I'd shit liquid for a week. But I'm also not at that place where I get special treatment. Like this counts with a grocery store or being able to get naked in public and pretend like I'm seen now. So I don't get in trouble. I met that spot where after a long night's rest, I feel worse. I feel like somebody kicked my ass. So this is a great way to really grease everything up. Get some blood in those hand-takitous muscles and just feels better. And because I know people are going to wonder what the hell this thing is. I'm very detesting this product for a company that basically just monitors your blood sugar 24-7 and gives you a little bit of insight on what's going on. It's pretty brilliant. See what foods affect you. And then I think there's really any downside until it was at the gym today and some kid ran up all excited. Oh my god, you're just like me. Pulled up his shirt and had an insulin pump. Yes, I'm just like you. Except I'm using mine to figure out a way to eat more fucking cookies. But other than that, same same. So we're starting off on the Smith machine doing a reverse grip press. Really targeting those triceps by tucking those elbows in. And these are great for a couple of reasons. First one is you're not going to end your life because yeah, you can do them with a straight bar freeway style. But that butt hole is going to be nice and tight as you rack and unwrapped that weight because more than likely you're going to take that suicide grip because it gives you the best connection. But I also think these are just better. Especially when you set the bench up like this, hang your butt off the edge. Really allows you to adjust the angle of your body and find what really lights those triceps up. From there, just take a little weight off, hop to the other side and go right into Smith drag curls. And I would just do a couple of reps leaning forward, couple of leaning back. Let's see what hurts you the most and there is no rest in between. How long takes you to take the weight on and off? That's it. Let's right back to the pain. So I know a lot of people have speculated in a wire sheet of my head. People think I did it because I was losing my hair. Others think I did it for a dick joke. But it was obviously my way of showing support for the free Britney movement. What I saw is the next way to level up and go full asshole. Which is important since right now we're back in the gym amongst people that are in our way. And I've said this before, you want to get to the point where you're big enough that no one can say shit to you. But there's also another side to that where you want to get to the point where you didn't even think twice. You just do what needs to be done because it's the best thing for you, like sitting on the ground next to the cable machine. And the next superset both have a mechanical drop built in. Starting out by sitting on the ground against a bench with a cable French press. As you start to fail, you lean back. You'll lose to that form. Random cable school crusher. Well, fucked in my armpits. So it goes up. From there, take a seat, lean back at a 45 degree angle. Go all the way down to you, touch those legs and then fire it up. Once you fail, we're going to go right into one of my favorite parts of movement. So I love doing a machine curl. But we can mimic the same thing on here by using those knees to stop us. Really just shorten that range of motion. Cut in half and force out whatever dignity you have left. Never let anybody tell you that regular old dumbbell curls and close grip pushups are a bad idea. Unless you're doing 10 sets of each, no rest in between. That's a real fucking stupid idea. And that's what we're doing. You're going to tuck those elbows in your stomach, lean slightly forward and push it to failure each time. And then you're going to take those pieces of shit with you to the floor and do it our variation you connect with most. You're going to slightly pronate those hands, neutral grip or even a little bit of a supination. You'll know. Trust me. You'll know. So just to heads up, the full gym program will be out. Two and a half, three weeks from now. And if you took the garage program, you'll get access to it first. And if you didn't, it's 20 bucks and it's kind of like this. We kick your ass, but we'll shit you have around the house. Dumbbells, barbell, squat rack. If you have that, you can do it. And if you haven't seen this video yet, you're going to want to watch it because it helped you fix some of the mistakes you might be making on arm day. And this will help you with your dive. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. Seon.