Alright, so today we're hitting armists. We're still using light weight because that's the most people are stuck with right now, but we can still blow those arms up with super set. So let's get after it. Alright, so today's really about connecting to the muscle maximized every contraction because anybody can walk in, grab 40-50 pounds, try to curl it, hope to get results, but unless you have great arm genetics, nothing's going to happen. And today I'm going to limit myself to 15 pounds and put stress on the muscle in different ways through different tempo, angle, static holds. And really that's all you're doing when you're adding weight to exercise anyways. And usually when you do that, you get so many secondary muscles involved that you really lose the connection you have of the muscle you're trying to work. So instead of taking the easy route, let's take a connected that muscle, get some growth, and it's going to serve you in the long run. Alright, so I'm going to start with drag curls, super set it with a reverse grip, school, pressure variation. And to get the most of these drag curls, I'm going to do a three second hold the top. And then really to put more stress on the muscle and hit it from a different angle, we're going to hit it from two different variations, but we're going to go back to back. So the first one's going to mimic an incline drag curl. So leaning back slightly, keep on that straight line, three second hold the top, shoot it for 10 reps from there, lean slightly forward, and I'm okay on these if you get a little explosive because at this point you should get a little blunt your arms. You should be hard to even curl up at all. So drive it up the concentric part of the movement, three second hold the top, and then slow that negative. And then from there we're going to go on the lying school crusher. And the way we do that is by pushing those dumbbells together the entire time, make sure that forms stays tight, those elbow state tucked in, and then we're going to push the angle back even further. So further than 45 degrees, almost feel like you're doing a seated French press, it's so far back as you flex over top of your head, and then make sure you slow down the movement. Five second negative, five second positive, really control, and just feel like you're just flexing it up. All right, next up we got a curl that really works against gravity, making these 15 pounds feel nearly impossible. So I just called these row curls basically in their lean back, slightly elevate those dumbbells the entire time, and roll back into you. Now the part of this moment you really want to slow down and get more stress on that bicep isn't the top of the movement like most exercises. It says you extend forward, so make sure as you're extending out, really slow down the movement, put more stress on that bicep, do a static hold for a second, and then squeeze it back in. All right, from there we're going to go into reverse grip push-up where I'm only going to slightly turn that wrist where I'm comfortable. I'm going to go not go on the ground. Most people can grab a dumbbell feel a little bit better on their wrist. It's just whatever you feel more comfortable with. If you can't do either, then just do a neutral grip. Now I just like to turn that wrist because you get more engagement on the long head. All right, so we're finishing up with a very some hammer curls. Show them those dumbbells together the entire time. Elbows tucked in front of you, leaning back on the way down, leaning forward on the way up, and then stop that contraction about halfway. Flex those wrist stops, really, and it gets that breaky, I'll see even more. And at this point, the arms are already still blown up. I just want to exercise that I can jump back and forth between biceps, triceps, and just finish them off. I don't want to do any unilateral work. So we're going to do the floor variation of it. Try to set extensions. If I keep those hands nice and flat to the floor, tuck them underneath you, and then flex and straight up. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell. Again, I'll leave that link so if you want to put your email in there, you get notified when the course drops, then you can get after it, get growing. I'll talk to you soon.