Alright, today we're hitting glutes and it's less about the exercises you're doing wrong and more about the ones you're probably not even doing. And if you neglect your glutes, all your compound lifts are going to suffer. So let's fix that flat at it. Alright, so we're starting off with the glute band and I know what you're thinking because I'd be thinking it too. It's bad enough I'm watching some random guy train glutes. Now to pretend like I'm buying this for somebody else, take it to gym, hide in the corner and hope nobody sees me, but here's the thing. You want more developed glutes? You got to commit the fact that you're going to look awful. I don't care if you can just put seven plates aside. If you're doing something like hip thrust, you're still just humping the air. And whatever you do, don't make eye contact with somebody. First, you do is going to literally throw up in their mouth. And this is a few benefits. The first thing if you ever problem connect those glutes, it's going to fix it immediately. Because you're going to try to clap those knees in. You're going to have to engage those glutes, drive those knees out to keep proper alignment and proper form. And what I think is just as important is you can modify the exercise itself and make it that much more intense. So one of the ways you can do that is to hip thrust up, hold the top into a static hold. And then from there, your drive of those knees in and out to really pre-exhaust the glutes, do 20 reps there and then go right into your set of actual hip thrust. And another variation you can do is by using the band to peek out the top of the contraction. The way you're going to set this up is actually by turning your toes out just to hair because as you drive up, you're actually going to exaggerate those knees and drive them out even more. And I can tell you, good luck with this one. This one sucks. So, sumo delicessor phenomenal for glutes. But the problem is I love the way most people do them, which is that straight up and down method which passes for good form. But the problem is most people are so inflexible those hips as they start to go down. They lose the form of that butt tuck underneath. And on top of that, doing in this style, three quarters of the movement is all dominated by your quad. So, if this is you, congratulations your D student, your bumper stickers in the mail. I think a better way to do this is similar how to talk about lats, keeping that I want to fix position and follow the natural arc of your lats. Same idea here. And keep those knees bent in a fixed position. Let's get a limit how much quad you're involved. And then from there, you're going to hands over top of the hips the entire time. Make sure you're driving and pulling from those glutes. So I'm going to say about half the people that do that last exercise are going to feel more in their lower back than their glutes. And that's just because most people don't prioritize their low back training or don't do it correctly. And don't take them in the bad way because once you get that lower back stronger, your hip thrusts or similar to that, even your squats are going to dramatically improve. So, but we're going to fix that problem with this exercise and include ham rays. Now we have a machine exactly for this. It's a reverse hyper, but I'm not going to show you that one because most people won't have that in their gym or in their home gym. But if you do have a home gym, you're looking for a piece. That's a great piece. So put that on your birthday list along with those other weird, forverted sexual favors you asked wherever you're never get. So the way you're going to do this is by hopping on the opposite side of the glute ham rays laying on top, and the crest of those hips and sledding down just enough because of the top of the movement, you're going to be parallel to the floor, legs nice and straight. And the bottom you want to be completely perpendicular. And the way we're going to make this not just a lower back exercise, but also hit those glutes is you're going to drive those heels together during entire time, turn those toes out and that's where you're going to do it. Just going to engage those glutes even more. Now if you're somebody who can't squat more than a few sets with that lower back flaring up, I've seen this work wonders in just a few weeks. So make sure you add this to your routine. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next, and get after you get growing. I'll talk to you soon.