All right, today we're going to go over barbell rows and a couple of the variations I like to do. Now, if you're one of those people that basically stands straight up and down, it does what I would consider to be a shrug and calls it a bent-over row, then if it's working for you and keep it, if not, and if you turn to the side and you're just basically disappear because you're so narrow, we got some more to do. Let's get after it. Part of me wanted to make the first qualification. You have to actually bend over to do a bent-over row because I'm sure you, like me, have seen those eagle lifters of the gym throw through 15 on 405 and just yank it up. But we can actually use that. So I've said this before, but we can take somebody's horrible form and mistakes in life and use a tarvester. And so if you have underdeveloped traps, maybe the upper back and using that 75 degree angle that most people with the gym use isn't a bad place to start. Just know to get a fully developed back, you're going to have to work to angle lower and lower to a point where so you're lacking those lower latch. You have to be almost parallel to the floor to be able to overload that mid back. The biggest mistake I see on these is people not loading their back correctly or enough. And a lot of it has to do with hamstring and flexibility. Because usually what happens is instead of people loading those hips and actually get it an entire back and involved is stabilizing control of the weight because of inflexibility, drop those knees and up squatting it up, taking that lower and mid back out of it. And at that point, you should just do a cable row. So if this is you, it sucks to hear because it's like being held back or grayed, but lighten up the weight. You can graduate when you get to a point where you guys, you sit in those hips, load your entire back at a nice low angle. From there, you can start throwing the weight around a little bit, getting those little sloppy with a form, go back to coloring outside the lines and eating paste. So while I'm not opposed to the almost vertical bent over row, because there is a place for it, I just tend not to do much because it reminds me too much of that gym for crepages of Instagram where people have horrible form and they're trying to humbling the floor and shadowboxing the cables, I opt for these two variations instead. The first one on the fairly high incline, I use a weight that I can probably do about 10 pounds with and I overexaggerate the width of my hands, going wider than I normally would to really put emphasis on that upper back. So the second one's on that same angle, maybe even one higher depending how I feel that day. Now your hands are nice and close, elbows flare out now. As you pull, you want the contraction of your traps to feel like an impingement. So as you're coming up, you flex so hard into those traps. It actually stops the movement and you go back down. When I was younger, I used to do a ton of bent over reverse grip rows, but I've seen too many people just tear their bicep off and let it roll up into their shoulder, scared me to death. But one variation I do love is with an easy bar. So there's a couple of benefits to this. First one being that if you have an issue, like we talked about before, sitting in your hips and loading your back on bent over rows, this is going to work on that because not only is it like a standing hyper extension, but you're seeing get those lats involved as you do it. The second thing is because we're using the easy bar, most people can do this no problem because when you're using a straight bar and something even like barbell curls, most people can't supinate their wrist that much, but too much pressure on their wrist or form, they didn't even connect to the bicep. So you give them the ability just to pronate, just to hair, takes all the pressure off of it, same thing for this. So you're going to start this up by setting up like a stiff leg. So legs almost locked out, shift that weight all the way back in your hips. You're going to go down like a hyper extension. As you go down, let those elbows drift forward, but keep that same angle with your arms the entire time, that'll stretch those lats. And as you arch up and squeeze back, make sure you pull those elbows back, keep in that same angle flex and then back down to another one. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video I'll meet you next. Good after you get grown. Talk to you soon.