So, a scroll until my feeding a couple of videos popped up. One was the biggest mistake beginners make at the gym. The other one was teenage body with mistakes. I thought I should make a video on this because I have done some dumb stuff. So, before you try to eat in 10,000 calories in a day or suitcase in your pre-workout, watch this entire video. It'll help out. Let's get after it. Mistake number one, always feeling like I was one supplement away. As a kid, every time a new ad came out for a supplement in the magazine, always used to hard close my parents in the fact that this is what I needed. You don't understand, this one's different. It's backed by science. Look, there's grass. In high school, I bought this Creatiminal Hydrate and brought it in for everybody to try. Now, I should have known by the way that this is bad news. It came in a packet. You had to put it in some water and when you did, you couldn't put the lid on because the water bottle would explode. That should have been a sign that my stomach is not going to appreciate this. Half way through the second set of squats, my buddy, racks the weight, turns around, looks at me and says, I just hit myself with no embarrassment whatsoever. You can tell you just felt betrayed by the supplement and by me. More than the story, more is not better. Stick to the basics. No one's ever said I had the greatest workout ever. I started out by pissing out of my ass, then I hit squats. Get a good protein, a good pre-workout, it's feel like you're training some intense enough, and a good multi-vitamin. Mistake number two, not judging where advice comes from. I remember I was so eager to learn anything I could about working out that I'd take advice from a homeless man. Probably should never take advice from a homeless man, but I would. Walking into Server K one day, homeless guy yells across Park Hunt. Hey, man, you're on that Creatine. Gotta think that Creatine. So what do I do? Buy a shitload of Creatine. Because when you're new to lifting, your desperate results. So anybody that tells you that you were jacked 20 years ago, you believe them. Even though there's no signs of that to be true, and that's how you end up assuming cases in some Creatine. At the end of the day, it's about finding some of you trust that's either done before or currently doing it for other people. Follow their advice, track your progress, because really it doesn't matter if it's not me, these videos are just a starting point. At the end of the day, it's on you. Mistake number three, following that horrible and horribly prevalent advice, that when you want to put on muscle, the more calories the better. It doesn't matter what kind of they are, just eat a shitload of them. Let me take a second to think anybody who gave me that God awful advice from football coaches to big guys at the gym, you really helped me get where I am today. And also look forward to a bright future of type 2 diabetes. I have no idea how I thought that walking around with a jar of skipping in one hand and a gallon apple juice in the other would help me do anything but die young. But the problem is, very few people understand nutrition, so they reward that idiotic behavior by saying things like, man, you're really hitting it hard. By the way, so all that today, I'd be like, we need to do wellness check on this kid. Obviously, you sue a sidedle. What I found is better air on the side of less calories from phenomenal sources than it is to know that you're getting all of your protein carbs fats from basically garbage. Last one, because you know I'd like to keep these short, mistake number four, not knowing how to count my sets. When I first started working out at Scam Tho The Magazine, I find a workout I like, rip it out of there, shove my pocket, go to the gym, peek at it, everyone's well and go, all right, three sets of 12, got that. It goes to the entire workout and then inevitably, wonder why the hell I'm not getting results. I didn't get results until I changed my philosophy and stopped counting the sets where I actually reached the target number. The reason I think is a such an important point is because I've seen a lot of comments and say, you know, he's got great videos, great exercises, but what are those sets and reps? If you think not knowing the sets and reps is what's holding you back, you're f***ed. In my book, if you're not failing to hit the number you're targeting, you did a bad job picking the weight. And even if you did, you can always slow down the movement, change angle, change the tempo, change the form altogether, and get yourself to fail before you hit that number, and turn a shitty set into a good one. So do me a favor, leave a comment if some of the dumbest things you've done when you first started working out. I guarantee there's going to be some good stories. So as always, like, subscribe at the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.