Let me start off with my favorite question. When making a prune smoothie, it's five too many, three not enough. First thing that comes to mind is, with the f***ing saprune smoothie. Maybe because I'm being in you got the wrong idea. I don't do it because the help benefits. I mean, my blood works better than it ever has been, but that's not why. I don't do it because it's easier because it absolutely isn't. It's hard to put on muscles, it's hard to stay leaner. I do it because I'm morally obligated. One day I woke up and I'm like tired of feeling like a piece of shit. And this is gonna sound really f***ed up. But I rather see a human get hit by a car and then dog or near their animal. So if I'm driving down the street and pigeon lands in the middle of the road, I'm just so happy to be a little sexual kid riding his bike. I have to make a split second decision. Sorry, bud. Should've been wearing shoulder pads. Couple things. First, just work out. So if you want to want to want to want to want to have a sweaty mess, it's that plus, I'm not going to try to turn the air on or they have a good sound. Second thing is, obviously, space isn't done yet. When it is, that's when the course is going to come out. I told Rogue, just send me whatever you have. I don't care if you have a half rack, whole rack. I didn't think they actually send me a half of a whole rack, but that's what the fuck they did. Let's get in the first real question. When it comes to our hypertrophy, what's more important? Mind muscle connection or weight left in. Now, this one's got some layers to it. But if you gave me six months to get somebody results, I'm going to choose mind muscle connection. Just focus on exercise that just isolated down. They have a great connection with. And we just stick to those. Because I mean, you could have somebody just progressive the overload certain lifts. And if they don't know what muscles they're trying to contract to move that weight, they're going to make progress, but in all the wrong ways. And if you want to take it to the next level, when you could take a compound exercise, like a stiff leg deadlift that usually works the majority of that posterior chain, and isolated down just to those hamstrings and have a great mind muscle connection there by just shortening the range of motion. And then from there, progressively overload the shit of that movement, you're going to see some real progress. Next question is, do you think don't have a pre-work on me this morning, evening? Rule number one, don't need anything that's going to make a piss out of your ass. Me personally, I just have a protein shake before I go. If I try to carve up on the drive there, I start falling asleep. Now, I think George St. Pierre said this best, and it's always stuck with me, he said, what I'm training, what would you rather be? A line that's satiated at just eight or one that's starving? I mean, it's in relation to fighting, but I do feel like I train better have more intensity and more alert when I got very little food in my system. But if you can eat a little carbs before you work out, it does the opposite effect, you do a little energy. Well, I mean, it's good, it's going to help. And the next question is, when it comes to natural lifters, what's more important? Volume or frequency. And the common rule that was intermediate lifters as well. And it doesn't matter if you're natural, you're on HRT, my interest is still going to be the same. Do both. I know that's kind of pain in the ass of an answer because it's a time suck, but I'm just to God truth, because you're not going to run into overtraining issues. As long as you eat to maintain that level of activity, you're perfectly fine. And for me personally, when I want to make some serious progress, I do two days, and on top of that, I'll crank up the volume. The next one has to do with muscle analysis. How to fix them, what to do about them. And if they're real bad, just get negative for somebody, then they'll let you know real quick. Because they'll say, why do you love bicep twice as small as you're right? And yeah, you're going to feel like you're this big, and you're going to walk out of room with your f*** tucked between your legs. But at least you know what to fix. Now if it's a strength imbalance, then it could be a couple reasons. First one could have an injury there. At that point, you just have to rehab it to the point where it's strong enough equals itself out. Or it could be that you have a different insertion point on that side, and it's just a stronger lever overall, which means you're going to have a different shape muscle, which really is usually noticeable when you're just not that big. The bigger the muscle gets, the less likely it is, it's not. I have one peak that's bigger than the other one, doesn't matter. Both biceps are just f***ing big. And if you want to make a whole video, I'm going to bring up lagging body parts and make them as symmetrical as possible. But at the end of the day, you don't want to be perfectly symmetrical. Have you seen one of those apps where you can take one side of your face and perfectly mirror it to the other side? You look f***ing weird. Next question has to do with what's the best split? Push pull, full body seven times a week, upper lower, and for me, no matter what I do, I've been starting the world and did a lot of weird shit, I always come back to the bros split. And I know people hate to hear that for some reason. It's gotten a bad rap, but to me, if I want to get results, it's doing as much isolated, narrow focus, and hitting a muscle as hard as I possibly can, tearing that thing down, and that's where the results come from. If I get too many muscles in one day, they just don't get enough attention. So the bros split is the best possible way to do it. I think it's because some people put out some e-books, some courses that are science-based, it's a push pull or full body 10 times a week, the best way to go. But truthfully, how many people do you know that are really overdeveloped, they don't do the bros split? If there are a few, they're a few and far between. How are you? Oh, hey, Rogue. Thanks for boxing up every single net in bulk that you set individually. On top of the half of the boxes are like wet diapers. I only joke, Rogue is phenomenal, best part. Made in USA. I got another piece on a palette from another company that I won't name. And as it rolled towards me, I saw this giant maiden China. Fuck is that. All right, last question, how do I know I'm training hard enough? Getting results, but how do I know I'm not missing out on some progress that could be making? Now, I would just do this. For the next two weeks, write out your workout beforehand and think of the most sadistic, just screwed up workout, do all the worst possible exercise that you always avoid doing, make sure you do those, pick out your rep ranges and think of crazy shit, crazy intensifiers that you don't want to do. Century sets, crazy drops, set to sending sets, and plant up beforehand. And in those two weeks, if you make a ton of progress, you're not training hard enough. All right, as always, that's when I came with some months. Or throw up in your mouth. All right, as always, like, subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. So, we will continue working.