All right, today we're going through a full full workout because I've seen some of the videos and they all share one common thing. They're not hard enough. So put down that sandwich your mom made for you with iron kids bread. Let's get f***ing after it So this video came about because somebody reached out and they said, hey, I've seen a couple other people do a series on push poll legs And I know you don't train that way, but it'd be interesting to get your take and I responded the same way I always do which is I back out of the message request and pretend like I didn't see it But then I kept getting the same message and I thought you know a better check these videos out when I did I realized not as the intensity not there But the exercise selection was off as well and even though I'm a bro split kind of guy I thought I can't let my ego get in the way because we all know what happens when you do you end up sitting around the campsite with nothing But a broken dick in your hand and a negative balance in your bank account. So the most important thing in a push poll likes split is you can't have any wasted exercises on a normal back day You know you're gonna hammer that thing like the gator game at Chuck E. Cheese so you're not worried about it But when you're hitting back focusing on rear delts hitting your biceps and more than likely you're gonna have to hit forums as well You just don't have the time for it. So if to make sure every exercise you do you have a great connection to knowing that we're gonna do lat full downs We're gonna use the V bar handle and do ensure that everybody has a great connection We're gonna do two sets of 30 reps. Nope. Those are just warm-up sets. They don't count. They're just getting ready for the actual working sets What's your drop sets? But you're not gonna grip and rip these you're gonna control it. You're gonna keep the elbow and a fix position and work against the movement So lean forward during the negative lean back during the positive really control it keep it in those lats keep it out of your biceps Or your left test and go whatever you normally strain when you just jerk the weight up and down So I'm a huge fan of any single arm movement for back and less I see somebody do it incorrectly Then I get almost as an rage is when I pull it behind somebody and they have a bumper sticker that says proud parent of the fuckers and that's because you're able to flare that lat and get an extreme stretch Which is normally a hard thing to do but when you're solely focused on one side and really working against the weight It makes you quickly realize the difference between pulling with your bicep and pulling with your back But what you can't do is fully extend that arm if you do you've just disengage that lat So instead keep a slight bend of the elbow and that'll ensure that the eccentric part of the movement is stopped by the fact that that lat is fully stretched And I'm sure you've guessed it by now. We're doing single arm rows, but that's not all because you have to start hitting those rear delts as well So we're gonna do a set of 15 traditional drop the weight flare that elbow out to the side do 15 more So for the next exercise We're grabbing a barbell and doing slow controlled high elbow rows now We're gonna need our lower back for the next one So we're gonna put our butt against the wall just to get low stability and support and make sure we can just focus on those lower lats Driving up those mid traps and then into those rear delts and not focusing on the fact that our lower back feels like it's gonna fall out of our ass All right next up. We got dead lives because if you start with them that back pump you get from these Take your soul away and you stop training with the reckless disregard for your own safety and you end up just Shuffin around the gym from machine to machine and if you've been in the program You know it's gonna get ugly because we're doing one heavy set of 10 Right in the two sets of 30 We're finishing up with two bicep exercises We're gonna sprinkle a little bit of four arms and then call it a day and this is where you run in the biggest issue with push pull legs Is that it takes a lot of mental fortitude you really have to convince yourself and if you're not wondering how the fuck you're gonna finish the workout halfway through You're not pushing yourself hard enough. It's worth you get there a fucking feed you pancakes. So the first exercise is a reverse grip cable curl with the straight bar pushing that to failure And then flip those hands over regular curls push that to failure and because I've never met anybody who doesn't have Lopsided arms we're gonna do single arm dumbbell curls use that off arm like a poor man's preacher Push 15 20 reps and then switch the other side go back and forth until you're done You'll know you're done because you're getting like two reps So if you like this video go check out the program. I'll leave a link in the description It's a bros split, but you'll get a lot of dumb ideas from it And if you need more specific help on back or biceps I'd watch these videos next, but most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after it get grown talk to you soon