All right, today we're going to run out of fixed the fact that looks like you borrowed your 12 year old little brother's legs by going to renextize everybody should be doing and how to do it in the way you could even more out of it. We're talking walking lunch is so let's get after it. If you're sitting there thinking, what else can I learn about them? They're simple. You walk your lunch. That's it. If that's your mindset, that's fine. Go back to talking up between your legs and we're in skinny jeans because obviously you should understand a general concept of walking lunch. If you didn't, you wouldn't have made it this far in life. You wouldn't have been hit by a car trying to cross the street or you wouldn't have eaten enough pastes of kid to go septic. These are about the modifications you can make to turn this good exercise into a phenomenal one. Now compound exercise is usually come with a price like deadless. No one's got to read this. Not the best exercise for any of that entire post you're chained, but if you're gross prioritize one of those muscle groups over others, then you can make the case that pick in a hyper target exercise. It's going to get you better results. For instance, if you want to hit those mid or upper traps, then do an astrogourous slightly tilted forward or even do an arach dead. We'll get you better results than a typical deadlift. And that's what makes walking lunch is so great. Because in their most basic form, you're going to destroy everything from the waist down, but mid exercise, you can change it and target specific areas. And just in case your somebody that does better with analogies, it's like the reason we're all drawn to be phase. We don't go there because they have the best taste and dessert. We go there and attempt to hurt ourselves with food because we're perfectly okay shoving as many shitty desserts on a face as possible. Even if they taste like they've been in the fridge for two weeks, because we just want to be full and happy. Now walking lunches are the adult version of that. It's making a map of all the best desserts at each restaurant in town and driving to each of them until you're physically ill. So starting out the angle at which you step out obviously matters. If you're going to as a traditional lunch with no modifications, that tells me okay with having to average life. A wife, a couple kids eventually fall in hard times, get divorced and it with cirrhosis liver and die alone. But if you want more in life, then just take a couple steps in will completely change the exercise. Because now that that front foot is almost completely in line with that back when it's going to force you to drive that knee open, but also shift your weight from side to side cause you to activate and gauge and tear up those glutes. Or you can target those ad doctors as well as that vastest media else by stepping out at a 45 degree or even greater angle while simultaneously making everybody else in the gym's life miserable because you're taking up so much damn space. So another thing I don't see a lot of people do is factoring and how they're going to execute each rep. Am I going to drive through each one? Some more quon and glute based are going to pull myself up with each rep more hamstring and glutes. So if my goal is to drive through each rep, I can take anything from a medium step where my knee is directly over my heel to the extreme end where my knee is drifting way of my toe, but I'm also going to lean forward to put more of a stretch on that quad and glute. And if my goal is to pull myself up with every rep, I can take a medium step or even longer because I want to put more of a stretch on that hamstring, but also as I'm coming up, I'm going to rotate over top of those hips and lean back that way my hamstring has to contract me up, but also drag that back foot to give me a little bit of balance, but make sure I'm pulling that other leg into the other one so you're contracting and dragging them together, it's a horrible pain. And I probably should go over how high to come up with each rep because height matters. That's why we're on a dating app. The person will give you a couple bullshit questions first and then go right into, it doesn't matter and may it's no big deal, but how tall are you? I would err on the side of staying lower because there's no reason to lock out that knee only increase your risk of potential injury and you take the tension off of whatever leg muscles you're trying to hit. So let's end this by issuing a challenge and not like to push up challenge like everybody else is doing because if it's not push ups, I'm not interested. Instead, over the next four weeks, every single leg day do a different variation of walking lunges could be the monster walk, could be 180 continuous steps where you don't stop even if your form starts to break down, could be weighted lunges where you hit more glue, add doctor, hamstring focus, it doesn't matter, just make sure it's really high reps and it sucks. And be sure to tag me with whatever sadistic and stupid ideas you come up with. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll link that below. Good luck, but make sure you watch these two videos next and subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it, get growing. Dirt you soon!