So if you've seen this channel in the past, you know where I stand. Cardu can only be used as a tool to help you amplify the progress you're already making. Never accret you lean on to get results. And yeah, both low and high intensity have their own unique benefits, but that's not where we're going over today. Today we're answering the question on whether or not you can implement Cardu in a way that not only helps you break through any fat loss platos you might be having, but also helps you put on some muscle. And there is when you do it like this. Let's get after it. So you may have noticed some sport in the backyard version that comes fully rusted and it's been marked on by several of our dogs. And that's simply because this is how my wife and I settle arguments because as you know, the assault bike is all knowing. So the way we do it is we hop on the first one to give up is the lying piece of shit. But you don't need this nice of a model. Most gyms are going to have some version of assault bike that allow you to do what I'm about to tell you. And I do think it's important to reiterate how vital this, for anybody who hasn't really seen any results in terms of decreasing their body fat, to at least make some progress with diet alone. That way you never feel stuck or a handcuffed to a trainer. And you'll know exactly what you should or shouldn't put in your face because if you've been in this industry long enough, you've ran into a few trainers who's only answered for their client who wants to lose weight is to add Cardio. And every time their client hits a plateau, the only thing they know how to do is increase the Cardio to a point where it gets obscene. And this is especially disheartening when somebody's getting ready for a body building or fitness competition. And this is their regimen because you know after the show, you're going to get at least 15 pounds. And especially disheartening when it's a woman because you see the whole transition and you see the train wreck about to happen because a week before the show, they're exhausted, but they feel great about the way they look. So they show up to the gym and basically band aids and dental floss. And then a week after they show up in a snow suit, you just look at their trainer like, you're really less much you've done. Fuck it up. Moral of the story don't rely on Cardio, but to the point the way you're going to implement this strategy is on leg day after you've destroyed your legs as you're walking out, pull off that headphone and listen closely. Kind of the way you're doing, you're going to hotel room and you hear the neighbors next to you. So you turn down the TV volume real quick to see if you can hear him having sex like that. If you listen closely, you'll hear the salt bike talking shit to you. Side note, don't ever do this at the gym. It's probably staying with Farts. So what you're going to do is after you trash your legs and go on through every exercise you plan to do, you're going to hop on the assault bike and do three 30 second rounds. And for the person asked how hard should you push yourself, is hard as you possibly can. Take a minute, two minutes rest in between whatever you need, but the idea here is to transform what you previously thought of as Cardio and do another exercise you do on leg day. And this comes with obvious benefits. One, the calories you burn while you're doing this because it's a form of Cardio. The second, whatever after burn effect you get now the jury's still out on how long this actually lasts and how significant this is. But I know for me personally when I implement this even an off day when I just do it by itself, I'm burning up. Have that awkward experience when you go to a public place and everybody seems comfortable around you and you got sweat dripping on through face and got giant fit stains and. Yeah, that that's my experience. It's hot in here. Pretty hot out there huh January pretty hot. And finally way I think is the biggest benefit is it sets the standard reminds you to effort that's required to make a signature. And it carries over to the rest of your training because we've all seen those people with the gym just mozier around do a couple like Lester sets they hop on the treadmill and drag ass and then they get frustrated. They're not changing but just want to go up to an ask them why are you even here. I'm sure you masturbate hard in this and it goes without saying those three 30 second rounds are just a starting point if you're go get her start and end your leg day with it or up into five sets and at that point congratulations. You're doing cardio like an adult and if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30 day program it's 20 videos it's 20 bucks it's 30 days and it'll kick your ass man. If you haven't watched these videos I've watched those next but most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after it get growing. Dr. Soon.