All right, today we're ranking the top seven back exercises that will build you a bigger thicker wider back. So let's get after it. Now there's a good chance you could disagree with this list. So feel free to comment your top seven below if you actually have a back. If you suffer from a imaginary lat syndrome in any moment, you could pass out from flaring those lats all day. Nobody gives a shit. If you're not sure if yours are really not here's a good test. I'm sure you've been invited to be a part of your buddy's wedding and he probably said something like, hey, we got it all set up men's warehouse. Don't worry, just show up to get you fitted. You'll be good to go and you show up and the guy looks at you like, what do you want me to do? You look off. Like your homeless or you just got done competing on the biggest loser in loss to shit load away because it got to give you a jacket that's made for a 400 pound man that shaped like a muffin or if you've ever had that fat guy in a little coat moment where you ripped it back for shirt, they're real. Which reminds me of a story that I'm not so proud of. But I'm also oddly enough really proud of it the same time. Now you may be shocked to learn this, but when I was younger, I was a bit of an asshole. I know shocking every year around Christmas time. I tell my family, whatever you do, don't try to buy me clothes because they're not going to fit and what you think looks cool is actually stupid, but every year they try and one particular year they bought me five or six really nice designer dress shirts. And I must have been dieting because I really turned it on, but in a way that you knew that I hated everything about what you've done. Oh my god, these are great. I put on one shirt and flex my back to purposely rip it. Now you're thinking that's a real dick move. No, no, I went full blown asshole. I proceeded to rip each shirt one by one making a snarky ass common in between. Oh man, I ripped another one. Perial, this is real pieces shit, huh? And then I looked over and said, hope you got the receipts. And you could see why it's a moment. I'm not so proud of, but I'm also incredibly proud of it the same time. All right, number seven on this list, deadlift. And one thing you're noticed by each one of these exercises is I'm very specific with either the form or the way you should do the sets. And with these, I'm talking those ridiculous high rep sets, 20, 30 reps. The ones when you get done, you feel like you just grew a tail. Those are the sets that separate the people that want to come to the gym, just lift something off the ground and pat themselves on the back. And then ones that say, okay, I'm going to strap in and I'm going to hurt myself. And I guarantee I'm going to grow from this and possibly shoot out my spine. Oh my god, how come deadlifts are seven? Because it's my list. And I've also found that people that really disagree, you dig a little bit deeper and you realize they're really educated and really small. And they know if they made a video, nobody would watch. Even their grandma would happily give a rusty trombone and watch their video. But you also find that ones that you think are controversial or are followed up by exercises that they hit the same muscles that I think are even better. That's why number six in the list is the standing hyper extension. And the best way I found to do these guarantees you're going to drive home with that seat, although we back because if such a horrible mid low back pump, even though it doesn't help, is really focusing on the flexion and extension. The best way to do that is grab a barbell, supinated grip, keep those elbows in a fixed position and just relax all the way forward. And as you contract up, I want you think about contracting from your butt crack up. So arching from there, driving it all the way up, not standing too tall, just really focus on stopping, contracting up and squeezing that back and then slowly going back down. Nice, slow, controlled and good fucking luck. All right, number five of the list, B bar pull downs, but not done like the way most people do where they just bang their chest, pull with their biceps. I'd actually take the people that really screw up and pull it right down to their junk. That's actually closer. The key is to keep the elbow fixed and work against the movement the entire time. The only one that rivals this is number four in our list. And that's taking that same B bar handle using the same form and doing pull ups with them. Now, only issue is, not everybody can do these. There's no shame in that because if I try to throw these into the end of my workout, I'll get a solid three. So if that's you too, just do negatives. Jump yourself up, fight the negatives, slow as you can, and then jump up and do it again. Just keep doing that until you drop like a rock. Number three and two on this list, we'll have a special place in my heart because they're complete assholes. They destroy your entire back. Now the handle or grip you take on this one isn't as important as the way you do the movement. I want you to think about it just like that standing hyper extension, but now we're seated in a fixed position and working against that cable so we can really get those lats involved. So really exaggerate that flexion, elbows in a fixed position and force that stretch and as you start to contract up, don't just drive back. I want you to feel like you're actually going to stand at same angle, but now you're arching over top of it, extending back and contracting those lats. What could suck worse than that? The dumbbell version. But the way I like to do these is flaring those elbows out to the side, high elbow row, to make sure I really target that upper back. And this is one of those exercises that I guarantee you can walk into the gym just through this and feel like holy crap my entire back is screwed. So beware. Same idea, flexion, extension, nice and slow, but also feel like you're really pulling those dumbbells apart as you contract up. It sucks more. And number one of this list pisses me off because I don't have it. It's a very specific machine and if you love to train back, you know the one I'm talking about, you wake up the next morning like holy shit. It's that old school plate loaded pull over machine that you couldn't screw up if you wanted to. Even if you're form sucks, your lats are still going to be torn up. Now, the best thing I found to substitute that is just taking a barbell, doing enough to bench. And you can still get that same connection and soreness. If you shorten the range of motion and really connect those lats, but you have to be really conscious of what you're doing and you just can't grip it and rip it. And if you like those exercises, just get one of the programs. They're full of them. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple and your grandma will thank you for it. Watch these two next, subscribe, notification bell, get after get grown. Talk to you soon.