All right, today we're hitting biceps and we're going back to basics. And I'm not talking about how to do a curl because you should be there already. I'm talking about mistakes. I see a lot of people make their really holes back to matter progress they get with those biceps. Also different things to think about as you're doing these exercises. So you're really push it and get even more out of it. So if you're ready, let's get after it. All right, so we're starting off with this makeshift single arm preacher curl. We're doing an incline bench. Just to prove the point that this can happen, a regular curls cable, or something where you're even locked into place. And you think you're just going to be connected to that bicep, but you're not. And this happens during the negative portion of the movement when people, and this happens during the negative portion of the movement when people try to protect themselves. And this is always unconscious because if you call them out on it, the first thing they say is, f**k you know I don't. But if you watch them, they stay connected to that bicep as they're going down. And after a certain point, they recruit that anterior dealt by rolling that shoulder forward, they try to hold that weight and then curl it back up. Once you do that, you lose that connection to that bicep that shoulder takes over the blood of the actual negative. And then it starts to contraction again too. So you lose a little bit of that contraction as well as you're coming up. And you really just lose some of the range of motion, some of that connection, and you're bouncing from shoulder to bicep back and forth. And this either happens because they're training too heavy and your body has that oh shit response and just tries to protect yourself with the shoulder. Or you've been doing this for so long that it's just ingrained in you and that's just how you do it. So the best way to retrain this out of you is grab a lighter weight and make sure that you really extend forward, not all the way because I don't think there's a place of ever just locking that elbow all the way out and trying to curl back against that. But really making sure the negative part of that movement is all your bicep and then when you start to contract, you don't jolt into your shoulder, you just flex it right back up, you're just flexing the muscle on these. And on this exercise specifically, the best thing you can do is open up that shoulder and exaggerate it even more to make sure it's all that bicep. For me, one of the most frustrating things I see is when somebody walks up and grabs an easy bar because you know they're going to do one or two things. They're a curl at close grip or wide grip and that's it. And in terms of effectiveness, the standing barbell curl, just regular, isn't that great. I think there's a lot of things you should be thinking about that's going to have a lot more bearing on the results you get other than the grip you take. Let's start out with angles. Now you can tell by slightly leaning forward or leaning back, it's going to create a more intense movement overall. And especially for your somebody who deals with those shoulders jumping in, leaning forward, you're already going to roll those shoulders into place. Now they're stuck there. There is no rolling in and out of the movement. They're locked in place and all you can do is sit and flex that bicep. And conversely, when you're leaning back, your shoulders can't jump in. You're working against gravity. You'd have to be double-join it or just completely screwed up for those shoulders to jump in at this point because you're locked into place, leaning back and again. It's a different contraction but it's a better contraction. So maybe you're a little more advanced. At some point in your life, you're browsing the dark web, found drag curls, added those in your routine. Great but two things. First, make sure you don't think of some niche exercise you do once a month and hope to get results because given the opportunity of doing straight bar curls, rest of my life for drag curls, I'd always choose drag curls. They give you a better contraction overall. They finish the flex out by a fully flex bicep instead of just losing it in your shoulder somewhere. It's just a better movement overall. And the second thing is don't just stick to regular drag curls. There are so many different variations and angles you can do them. They're going to give you some incredible results. One quick little note just in case this is you. Now people have noticed that really high insertions on those biceps tend to have a hard time connector of the biceps. We'll also have the ones whose shoulders just jump in on everything so to create a better connection, get a little bit of growth and then eventually have no problem doing any exercise whatsoever. I set them up on an incline, either do regular curls, drag curls. It doesn't matter. The key is just locking that shoulder into place. It's just going to help increase that range of motion, do up that connection and also retrain them how not to bring that shoulder and recruit it for everything they do biceps. So then after a little while, get a little growth on that bicep, then they can go around to do every exercise they want to do with no issues whatsoever. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell. There's a lot more we can do for biceps. I definitely want to do one for triceps. And hell if you guys like it, I'll do one for every muscle. Get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.