Are you sitting or wondering why you're back? It's not growing. Just so you know, it's not your genetics. It's not how high your lat's and third. It's not even because you're dead. You don't your mom with the weight just from Applebee's. It's because you're not pushing yourself hard enough. Today, we're going to fix that. Let's get after it. First, let's define what pushing yourself hard it looks like. And for me, nothing to do with how much weight I can lift. Walk in the gym knowing okay, I got to lift this amount of weight on these lifts is tough. But it doesn't even mean that doom and gloom after my life feeling, but failure on the other hand, that's a beautiful metric. Knowing that I got 10 to 15 sets where I have to push myself harder mentally, then I'm physically capable of going that socks. The only thing I can really equate it to is using the amount of weight you lift to track progress is like texting a breakup with your girlfriend. Now failure on the other hand is texting a breakup with her and only using memes. So now all we have to do is kick her out to failure. So we're going to start with benchesis to pull up. So now these are great for the person who can't even do one. If you put that bar up even higher, you get more assistance from your legs. These could be the first step towards doing regular pull ups. But they're also great for that person who's 95 pounds so can wet and they can do 50 pull ups. You put a little weight on their legs and they can pretend like they're a normal weighing adult. And more often than not, you'll see people do these with a really wide grip, but that's not the only way you can do these. You can bring those hands in as close as you want or doing the way I'm about to do them, which is a reverse grip. And like I always preach, fall in the natural arc of those lats. On that last exercise, if you don't mind smashing your junk like play though, then just use a dumbbell like I did. But if you want some a little more stable, you can throw a play on. The best thing you can use is an easy bar, but not everybody has though. So I don't want you to freak out. So this past week I was coming up with creative ways to hurt people. And this one exercise alone is the reason my back is so sore. And it's because you break your back down into three separate sections and you push each of them to failure. You're going to start up by sitting that bent at a 45 degree angle and grabbing some dumbbells. You can do high elbow rows, elbows at 90 degrees for 15 reps. Now obviously you don't stop at 15, you push yourself to failure, but hopefully you pick that right weight when you hit about 15 reps, you're cached. And from there, don't drop them. Just bring those elbows down to 45 degrees and keep going. Because we're starting to recruit those lats now, you're going to be able to pump out some more reps. And once you've found that last one, bring those elbows to your side, which is your strongest point and really screw yourself. Because not only are you rolling up, but also we're going to mimic a hyper extension. So you do everything from those lats all the way into the spinal erectures. So I had no one in question for anybody who's married. I don't know if this is a thing, but I think my wife has given me saddle reminders that she can ruin my life at any time. For instance, I think she's been buying me women's socks. Two can play that game because I'm a bit of a psychological ninja myself. I might not look like I can do saddle, but I can do saddle. So for the next exercise, I'm going to build her own makeshift DIY landmine and kill ourselves with one arm rows. So grab an old t-shirt, a towel, or something, subtle of your wife's. As there's something better than pushing the failure, absolutely. Pushing the failure multiple times with little rest in between. We can do that here with our makehift, one arm row, doing a high elbow row, pushing one side to complete failure, matching it on the other side and without any rest, going back and forth until you're just smoked. Music Are we going to finish off back by hitting traps? Because every time I don't, people scream in the comments like they're requesting, yeah, yeah, ding dong, so here you go. And the good part about them is they're pretty damn resilient. You can push them harder than most muscles and continue to pull out reps. For instance, when you're doing a drop set of shrugs, normal drop sets, you drop the weight, but you end up dropping the reps as well because you're so fatigued, but your traps are different. They can continue to rep out really high rep sets. But we're not doing that because I just did that yesterday, but instead, we'll do something equally hard, a really high rep rest-pause set. But when you're resting, you're not actually gonna rest. You're gonna continue to hold the weight, take your three, four breaths, and get back at it because those traps can take it. You're gonna have to do that. And if you need a little more accountability, I'll link my program below, but essentially it's me force fitting your sh**t sandwich for 30 days, but I ask anybody who's in there, it works. And make sure if you haven't watched these videos, I'll see you next, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it, get growing, talk to you soon.