Question for you. You're going to push yourself so hard. You throw up on Arm Day. That's the goal of the day. I have to very least some sort of pain induced IBS. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So if you've ever had trouble growing your biceps in the past, this workout's going to fix that. Because there's no way they're not going to respond to this much intensity. I've been in a few people reach out and say your videos are great, but how do I warm up? And I love to tell you some sort of elaborate plan that like make a whole video on, but truthfully it's too simple for that. All I do in a matter of what I'm training is go the exact exercise I'm going to start with anyways. Do two warm upsets of 30 plus reps and really slow it on the cadence. But if it's there after those two sets, they're going to be so much blood and muscle, they're going to be warmed up. But on top of that, because you're slowing down the movement so much, you're going to develop such a deep, my muscle connection that when you get into the working set that the normal speed, I mean the contractions are going to be off the charts and then you're going to have such a deep connection that you're going to get a better workout because of it. All right, so we're starting off with the easy bar cable curls and we're doing seated. Just allows you to lean back every so slightly and just increase the tension that bicep even more. But also it allows you to clearly define your range of motion. So you use those legs as the bottom, keep those elbows tucked in, curling it up, fully flex bicep, don't let those elbows, don't do anything stupid. And it really ruin our lives. We're going to do a sending and descending set. So pick away, you can easily do 20 times, hit that and then start going out from there. Once you become a complete failure and do like three ugly embarrassing reps, start your way back down and then get to the weight you started with. If it's been a while since you've done something reckless, I'm going to help you redeem yourself. So we're going to do a try set, but we're going to do the same exercise. Superinated dumbbell curls, but we're going to change how we stress that bicep by adjusting the angle of your body. So we're going to do incline curls first, arm straight down, 20 reps there, sit up nice and tall, elbows tucked your side, just regular dumbbell curls, and then really finish it off and focus on the top of the contraction, sit on that bench a little bit lean forward and then really just wrap it out. If you don't know clearly a total word oh by that last exercise, hunch forward just grunting like hell in the corner of the gym, you're doing something wrong. All right next up we're going to superset two variations of drag curl. So we'll start with the traditional way, which has straight up and down, elbows tucked back, you're just right in that stomach, going nice and slow, controlling the contraction, 20 reps there, and then go right in a negative drag, which is basically a curl, and then you really just fight that negative as slow as possible. And if your arms are just blown up by this point, then your x is right. There's no getting dirty. All right we're finishing up with single arm reverse cable curls. Now, we're probably thinking that doesn't even sound intense, but let me tell you this because it served me my entire lifting career, and that is sometimes the dumbest works the best. So don't run from it, lean into it. If somebody's looking at you weird, it's probably a good thing, whether a creep and that's a good thing to it. For me this is one of those few exercises where I can physically see that break y'all's working, and you'd even more engaged in that, it makes you tuck the elbow into your side the entire time, and as you curl it up, you flex at wrist at the top and it's going to light it up even more. All right so as always, like subscribe with the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you won next, and get after a good run. I'll talk to you soon.