Alright, today we're going to have the biggest diet mistakes that if you make, it will completely screw up your diet and halt any progress. Now, we'll start by casting a real wide net, getting these stragglers who just have no idea what they're doing, and then we'll narrow on the focus. Talk about specific things that if you ingest on a daily basis, you're fucked. And if you want to buy and film a diet video in the gym, just search out how much preparation goes in these videos. I'm just as curious as what I'm going to say as you are. Let's get after it. Thought I was going to move, huh? Not today. Let's start up by making an important distinction between having a diet based upon healthy food and superficial goals. Because there's an entire industry based upon health food, right? You can go to the grocery store, you can go to the restaurants, you can find health food. Problem is, I mean, you start applying some of the principles you've learned from chasing those superficial goals, like nutrient timing, portion control, moderation, you realize no matter what you do, that healthy food isn't so damn healthy. And at some more along the way, they lost their minds and started pushing more micronutrients, then the importance of macro nutrients. For instance, I'm sure you've had people in your life reach out, just to say, hey, so I'll let you know that I've decided enough enough. I'm going to start to get healthy. I'm having four cold press juices a day. I'm going to get a healthy. And you'll have the hard to tell them that they're probably going to still end up with diabetes. It's just going to be a locally sourced organic type 2 diabetes. Now the reason I bring this up is because it's one of the biggest mistakes I see people make is basing their diet on what the general population deems healthy food and expecting their body just to transform. Doesn't work like that. It all really doesn't matter what your goal is, superficial or healthy, I think it's best to start with a limited, very strict diet and it over time make it a little bit more healthy and well rounded. The next big mistake I'm just going to call having bullshit meals because more often than not when somebody comes to me and say, hey, my dad's not working for me. Can you tell me why and they run through it and they say, you know, breakfast and eggs that have a snack, well, I have apple and peanut butter. You still live with your mom and then have a lunch where I'll have a salad with some sort of protein. Then I'll have a couple almonds for a snack. She clearly made that and then I'll have dinner. Let's be perfectly clear. Almonds, that's a source of fat. Peanut butter, that's a source of fat. Yes, there's protein in it, but they shouldn't be the source of protein for that meal. It should be looked at like a bonus. Like when you take your partner close shopping and you're surprised by a handy in the dressing room, don't expect that every time. The foundation for your meals should be a complete source of protein and then you build from there. Let's get a little more specific. What are you cooking your food with? And using olive oil, coconut oil, any oil, you fucked up. When I first started working with people on their diets, one of the biggest hurdles was figuring out how many different ways they could screw it up. One person in particular came to me and just said, hey, I'm not losing weight. Okay, run me through how you cook your food. Well, I started out at the pan out, put about two tablespoons of olive oil in there and stop right there. Yep, you put that. The next day I had them cook all their food dry and you guessed it, they came back pissed. Because their food didn't taste like the olive garden anymore. There wasn't two to 400 extra calories of delicious fat in there. So the moral of story is, don't add extra calories to your food. Suck it up. By an honesty pan. Now if you're going to say that isn't me, I use Pam. Good thing I Keester won't just illustrate this point that this is no different. Yes, if you look at the back of it, it says zero calories. But look at the serving size. That's a third of a second. It's fucking fast. In all reality, it's the same olive oil, coconut oil, canola oil. You would coat the pan with. This is just the convenient version. And the reason it says zero calories is because under certain amount of calories, FDA doesn't require it. Hence the third of a second serving size. And I know you, you're watching this channel, you're an assult. Just like me, you're hamming on that thing for 20 seconds. So as always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after GetGrawn. Talk to you soon.