Alright, today we got a full arm day. I leave sets and reps in the description that way everybody can play along at home and let's not waste any time. Let's get after it. So these are some of my favorite videos to film because it gives people a clear path to follow. If you do these exercises in this order in this way, you're gonna get results. Because sometimes when I just show a few exercises here and there, people take those and screw them up. Hey, I carbled it up on three pounds of mac and cheese and paired two sets, the leg exercise you showed with 20 jumping jacks, do you think I'm gonna grow? No. Alright, we're starting out by hitting biceps. So on the easy bar attachment, the cable machine, locking those elbows into your stomach, leaning slightly forward and rep it it out for about 20 reps. I say about because we're pushing it to failure. You could get 18, you could get 25, just try to aim for that higher rep range. And once you fail, there's no rest. We're just doing a mechanical drop. So then we're gonna go right into a nice, slow, controlled drag curl. There's no number to hit, but the same idea applies. You're just kicking your ass to failure. Well, that bad idea seem to work out pretty good. So let's do the same thing for triceps. Push the elbow back and an extreme angle. Start now with school crushers and then bring it slightly down, doing a hybrid of a press and a weird thing. Yeah. Next up, we got some incline curls. Because you've got some thick thighs when doing stand glide. So with that distance, so we can evolve this a little bit from the tip of the身 that that. The rotation of knees is your little leg as you can use. The torque and pelvis are obviously very big and then this is a little declining, even. Very small today. For now that we're changing the move content with low focus, And because you got some thick thighs, we're gonna do them standing instead of seated. And then what we're gonna do is start up by targeting that long head. So elbows are tucked back and in. They stay locked in place. And then once you're spent, we're gonna try to force out some more reps by opening up that shoulder, pulling that short head into it, and then wrapping out whatever you got left. We get the binding sets right next to left. So I've said this before, biceps and triceps are small muscles. So they're going to spawn best to whatever you connect to and then cranking up the volume. That's why for me there's a special place in hell for anybody that lets the weight crash down after they're done doing rope extensions. I don't know, the reason he's kind of lost on me. I don't know if they think that that sounds going to alert every woman the gym to look up and go, man, that guy's got strong triceps. I bet you can reach around and tug it from the back. What do you think every man the gym is going to cow or thinking? If I play that slap hand game with him, he'd kick my ass, but either way, I don't get it. So when the spirit of staying in light and actually getting those triceps to grow instead of just being a noxious, we're going to do a trice at necks. So starting out with the rope French press and then flipping around to regular extensions, keeping those elbows tucked in, but don't rotate those wrists. We keep them straight the entire time and the last is a partial to the top. We're going to rotate those wrists, try to hit that lateral hand. So just in case a large percentage of people still have access to the gym, I'm going to finish with something that most garage gyms can handle. And what they are is two body weight exercises we're going to do is a superset and we're going to take no rest in between, not of just a superset, but actually of the sets, we're going to keep going back and forth and tell we're spent. So the first one's going to mimic a French press and you're going to control the difficulty of it by how straight your body is. If you're going to plank position, it's going to suck. You want to make it easier. Just walk those legs up, hinge at the hips and it'll be less of a load on those triceps. And then when your body says, no, thank you. I don't want you more. Flip yourself around, make your back nice and flat, bend it the knees and then use those biceps. You straight up to the bar. Now, if you haven't got a chance to try the 30 day program, I'll link to that as well. And if you haven't seen these two videos, watch those next, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it get growing. Talk to you soon. Thank you.