If you do want to about to tell you over the next 30 days, your arms are going to start growing. I guarantee an F&T it. Let's get after it. So I'm going to break this down in a step-by-step process. But first, the story of Cliff Young. Because I think his story perfectly resembles what so many people do wrong in the gym when it comes to training their arms. So if you're not familiar with Cliff, he's a potato farm that one day decided he's going to run a marathon. And he didn't train 40 to show to big instruction boots and overalls. And not just any marathon, an ultra marathon over 504 miles over seven days, not easy. And when that race started, everybody blew past him because it's Cliff. He sucks. But here's the thing. During the race, you're supposed to run all day and sleep seven hours at night, wake up, run again. Cliff, no clue. The definition of ignorance on fire. You just ran all the way through the night for four straight nights. It ended up sitting a world record and became a legend. Why don't I tell you that story? Because it perfectly highlights the story of Richard Marks who had that same fiery ignorance. Decided he's going to volunteer to dog shelter, even though he's never worked with dogs. And on day one, got his dick bitten off. More of the story, ignorance isn't always bliss. I see so many people train their arms with heavyweight, fast, tempo just getting after it with awful form. Whether it's because they're working through an impinged man or just learn bad behavior either way. They have little to no connection with their arms. And because of that, even though they feel like they're destroying themselves, they're going to make no progress. It's what I call a busy idiot workout. Which brings us to step number one. Start valuing the connection over everything else. And from time to time, I would take a step back and remind myself of this. Because I like to push the tempo for a split and hurt myself like everybody else. But I know if there's no connection, I'm wasting my time. So I'm constantly asking myself, is this as good as it gets? Could it be better? Is there a way I can tweak this exercise to get even more of a connection out of it? And always think back to something that somebody told me when I first started lifting and it really stuck with me because I think it's the true difference between a lead lift or a body builder. And your average gym lifter. And that's when you're working out, you're just flexing as hard as you possibly can. When you walk in the gym, you're just flexing with weight. You're not moving the weight, you're flexing it up. For instance, I was trained at arms last week, do an incline curls and I thought this is good, but it could be better. Damn it. That's the Wonder Woman movie. Because obviously with incline curls, you're trying to hit that long head, but you end up opening up those shoulders as you lay back. So sort of calling that short head, which is not what you want. So I had to again, like I said, take a step back, do unilateral work, turn to one side, force that elbow back, and really turn that shoulder in, made all the difference. And I did the same thing for triceps. I put that bench up, pin my arm against it. So nothing else could be firing, but that tricep flexed it up, help the top of the contraction for five seconds, and a wholely shit the pain found me. So whatever you do, don't forget step number one and flex it up. I want to get that tattoo on your inner thigh. Now, if your arms really start growing over the next 30 days, it's probably because you took step to the heart, because so many people just throw in biceps or triceps at the end of a workout and think, that'll do it. But if you really want them to grow, then they need to be a priority, and they need their own day. I mean, think about it this way. How long do you expect your marriage last with your wife if the way you show affection is once you hear you hurl a gift at her and say, here you go. You got a bunch of flowers and some chocolate, but easy on the chocolate because, you know, boom, boom, boom, boom. That's exactly how you're treating your arms. You're pieces. Which brings us to step number three. Now, some people might argue with me on this, but to me, there's one right way to train your arms. Other body parts. Yeah, try on there and test and see what works best for you. It might be overloading, it might be volume, but for arms volume is king. Unless you want to train your anterior delts and biceps at the same time, doing whatever the hell this is, I won't judge. Just kidding, I'm going to judge you harshly. So for the next 30 days, I'm going to up the volume up the reps, do at least 16 sets for both biceps and triceps and a set only counts when you push it to failure, not a warm upset. I would do at least 20 reps and it's going to hurt. And when you're training legs after a set, you've got to walk it out like a baby giraffe before you can go again, but with arms, they're different. They can take a lot more abuse. Maybe it's because we built up the tolerance to arm pain from our younger years of watching so many hours of vivid DVDs. By the way, did you know, Brandon Banks is actually 510? That means each one of our implants is 20 pounds. I don't know if we should salute her or thank you for your service. So for step 4 in the next 30 days, once you have that connection and there's fire in your muscle, take as little rest as possible. So yeah, you're going to end up using less weight, which is fine. And if you need a rest period, no more than 30 seconds. Just sit there in weas for a second and go again. So to summarize step number one, start valuing the connection over everything else. If you don't connect, change the former, just change the entire exercise because it sucks. Step two, they need their own day. Step three over the next 30 days, the volume is going to be ridiculous. And step four, stop resting so much, grab your inhaler and get after it. I know if you do those four of the next 30 days, your arms are going to grow. I'm going to finish by reading this comment because you'll see 35 years old and have MS. If I can work out five days a week with intensity, anyone can feel like a piece of shit, huh? That was just in case you were going to come up with some sort of excuse of why you couldn't do it. And if you haven't checked out the Fuller Garage program, I'll leave you links in the description. We got some pretty fucking horrible arm days in there. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. If you haven't watched these videos yet, I've watched those. Most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. You soon.