So the original plan for this video was to go avoid increase ankle mobility, which is going to lead to a deeper squat. It'll help you transition to more quad dominant squat and over time help you build big squat. But video popped up in my feed. And I'm definitely not a fan of making content that bashes somebody else's stuff because people to do that are just building their business underneath the taint of somebody else's hard work. Did make we realize though? There's a pretty controversial subject that I probably should cover, which is what's better for building muscle mass, compound exercises, or isolation work. And for me, every time, it's isolation work. Let me start up by saying I've never understood why it's almost common knowledge in the gym that if you want to put any muscle mass, you're going to do compound movements. Because people argue that you're foundation to the point where actually how you structure workouts matter. You're going to do compound first, and then finish with isolation work. To me, that's never been the case. And in fact, the way I train is a big fuck you to both of those. But I do like compound movements, but more so teaching great form. Because if you can master compound movements, you're forming on everything else will be phenomenal. Think about it this way. We're these going to cause more of a response. It's stressing an individual muscle during a workout, or spreading it across several muscles. Now does that mean I never do any compound movements? No, you've seen me specifically laid down. Do hacksquat, leg press, regular squat. But I never just walk into the gym, hop onto the squat rack, and cross my fingers and hope they grow. I'm very specific with how I do them. So if I'm trying to hit quads that day, I'll change the form and choose a variation. It's going to be more quad dominant. We're going to walk this feet close together. Shift those knees over those toes. Come up three quarters the way up. If I'm trying to do hamstring glutes, I'll do the sumo style squat. And really try to load those hips more of a low bar squat. It's very intentional. So even my compound movements, I try to isolate them down to a muscle or muscle group as much as possible. And I understand you're going to have to suspend some belief on this one to make it happen because it's pretty much the opposite of what most people say. But I'm not saying it just to be contrarian. It's truly what I believe. So I've gotten people results with. But I do think it's funny how in the comments, you can see the exact moment where somebody's head explodes. I made a video where I talked about pretty much all my art development came from really isolated demo work, but mostly cable work. And there was a comment that said, there's no way that's true. I know we did borrow a curl up to this point. He's full of shit. I bet my life on it. It's a weird f***ing bad to make. I just said 30 seconds ago it came from cable work. These are short videos. How'd you miss that? So how can you take this information to make it actionable? Well, I'd start up by doing the opposite of what most people say. I would start your workouts with isolation work. Because really your goal is to just tear up that muscle as much as possible. So start by fatiguing that, really have a mind muscle connection built there, and then get into a compound movement where, say, you're doing a squat. You're going to be toast by that point. You're going to use less weight, but it's going to be more fatigued on that muscle, and you're going to get more growth out of it. And then obviously make sure you're more specific with how you're hitting your compound movements. Make sure you try to isolate down the muscle you're trying to hit. And don't just hop under the squat rack and expect your legs to grow. We're not one of those gifted f***ers. And the great thing about training like this is it gets rid of that inherent excuse of bad genetics and having a muscle that just won't grow. Because now that you're not just picking weight up and setting it down, you're more specific with how you're targeting hitting each muscle. It's just a matter of time of trial and error before you get that to grow. For instance, if you have an old man asked and looks at your smuggler around two ziplock bags and gravy, then just make every single leg workout really targeted and focus around your glutes and really turn every compound movement into a glute movement. You're going to get results. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video on next. If you want the ankle mobility video, I'll do that next. Get after get growing. I'll talk to you soon.