Oh, hey, it's actually as nothing to do with the video. I've just always wanted to try it, but it is a good test to see how strong the inner fat kid is because once you find out that this is actually motor oil and you still want to eat it, that's a good sign that that little fat is pretty strong. Don't worry, I'm here and I can smell it and I still want to chew through the tear. So I get it. Let's get after it. Somebody came up to me other day and they said, I need your help. I'm not getting any results of my diet. I'm banging my head against the wall. I've seen your video on macros. I said that up. I just please help me. And I said, of course I will. Now I'm assuming when the email me over there died, they probably thought I'd make a couple suggestions a few tweaks here and there and discreetly send it back. Not making an entire video tearing it apart. So the next time I see this person, good chance they could punch me right in the tittie, but in my defense, let's get help a lot more people. So let's break it down meal by dumpster fire meal. All right, meal number one. Two to three answers, a coach's oats, three egg whites, toast with salsa, or protein shake with collagen, spinach, half of banana, one tablespoon of peanut butter, and water slash ice cream, or a lanyan larys. Now your first thoughts, probably, this is either a woman sized man or a woman. And it's a woman. Now before you say, God, damn it. I'm a man. I need to build muscle. How's this going to help me? Just know that, yeah, your percentages are going to be different. The number of meals, a couple of different things. But over the years I've found that women and men and mistakes they make, pretty damn identical. So you're going to get value. Now the first one, the eggs and oats, could be a potential winner. We'll know when we get the macro percentages at the end. But it's better than the second one, because I don't know what human eats ice cream for breakfast and thanks, this is going to turn out well. Thank you to serve ice cream for breakfast. Tells me a lot about you. And for the person that thinks, what about the lanyan larys? God, you ask, always keep one between my cheeks just in case somebody doesn't know they're fucking awful. Now there's a lot of reasons to hate this thing. But let's just go through a couple. The first being the quality and the source of protein really matters. At least with the first two options, you got egg whites and a high quality protein shake with this one. The majority of protein comes from vital wheat gluten. Never in my life, if I thought, you know what I need more than my diet, a shitload of vital wheat gluten. Another eye opening way to look at this, saying yourself, okay, what if I ate this for every single meal? What would my macro percentages be for the day? See, you had 2500 calories on a diet. You roughly have about six of these. Let me tell you, 58% of your calories come from carbs, 26 from fat, 16 from protein. I don't even need an analogy. You will look like this half-baked fucking cookie. You will be a gooey mess. And for the person that says, there's nobody in six of these in a day, I guarantee there's somebody watching this on their fifth one thinking, fuck my life. And even if not, it's still not a bad rule of thumb to live by. Don't have meals that don't reflect the overall macro percentages you're trying to reach. All right, meal number two. Three to four ounces shredded chicken, Greek yogurt, and pickles, raw veggies, with hummus, two ounces of nuts, three ounces tortilla, or pretzels, or rice cake. There's a lot of fuckery in that meal. Now, by this point of realize, I'm not going to do the macro percentages at the end because it's off the rails with this randomness. But the one thing I can say that'll be helpful to people is that when you eat to look a specific way, everything in your diet has a purpose. That's why I like to have cheap meals where I can really enjoy food. The rest of the time, food is just fuel. That's why I'll never have pretzels on my diet because it's a really shitty source of fuel. I think the question to ask yourself is, okay, have a good source of protein here. My husband, good healthy fats. Can you say that? My energy source, good quality source there. Maybe I can even justify the tortilla, but how in the hell am I going to justify the Greek yogurt and the hummus and the fucking pretzels? Now, I'm just eating like an asshole. Meal three. One cup apples or grapes. Tell your diabetes and said, hi, I would never have a meal without a source of protein. Even the lady that works in registering McDonald's knows that. If you try to walk up and say, I would like a package of your apples. She'll say, are you sure you don't want some of our shitty chicken nuggets? That way your kid doesn't start foaming at the mouth? No, just a package of apples. She'll say, alright, a little diabetes. Good luck. Meal four. Four to six ounces of salmon. Good start or chicken. Okay. Or beef chili heavy on beans and veggies, half cup rice, light butter, salt, veggies. That got out of hand. Quick. I feel like this is the same logic. Michael Scott used when he had fettuccine Alfredo before marathon. I don't know what your carb loading for a nap. I'll joke to side. This woman, very petite, just not the body fat percentage you wanted to be. But if I ate this diet, I would get fat. This next one, I think is a meal. It just says two to three cups natural popcorn. That's adorable. I feel like this is what you would end up with. If you went to build a barren set, I would like a diet, please. And it ends with a protein chick. So good job, I guess. So what can we learn from this? Well, like to get at least 40% of my calories come from protein. With women, it's usually slightly less based on their digestion. It's definitely more than what over that was. Second, I don't consider a meal a meal unless it has protein in it. And then finally, food is fuel. Everything that goes in your mouth has a purpose. And it's not fucking pretzels. I know what you're thinking. You have a real sore titty after this one. But actually, the woman was awesome. She's watched every single video. I wouldn't be surprised. She didn't have hot fart tattoo on her and her thigh. And for those of you who haven't checked out the full gym program, I just added an extra arm data that. So I'll leave a link to that. Also, the garage one, if you still have limited equipment. And if you need help with your diet, here's that one where I go over the macro percentages. Most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell. And get after it, get growing. Dr. Jesun.