String. Muscle. String. Muscle. String. So the question is, can you build muscle and increase your strength at the same time? Kind of. Let's get after it. Now you can absolutely build our program that induces hypertrophy and build strength. But if you want to maximize your results and your own personal potential, you got to pick a team because they live on the opposite ends of the spectrum. It all comes back to the age-old question that every crazy person outside of the circle chaos you, how much do you bench? More specifically, what's your one rep max? Now when you hear one rep max, I know it's hard, but I want you to fight the urge to daydream about being back in high school and showing your little marshmallow prick in anything that moves and maxing out your squat, your deadlift, and your bench. Instead, I want you to extend it to everything you do. I'm talking to side laterals, rope extensions, hell even hip thrust because we actually don't care how much weight you can dry hump into the air. We're just using as a metric we can measure from and then optimize for either muscle growth or increasing strength. I built this kindergarten macaroni art looking line segment to help illustrate what having the goal to build muscle and increase your strength at the same time is actually a huge contradiction. Now if you feel like you were put on this earth, the lift progressively heavier shit, then you want to spend as much time as possible lifting weight that's 80 to 100% of your one rep max, or even more doing things like negatives to maximize strength gains. And if your goal is to get so overly muscular that you can just bounce your tits on command, then science says training anywhere from 30 to 80% of your one rep max is optimal for a hypertrophy. But I'd argue actually staying closer to that lower end because at the upper ranges, you run the risk of losing the connection and just moving weight. Keep in mind, these percentages are all done to complete failure. So a real world example of 30% of your one rep max would be sitting on the leg extension and doing 50 disgusting reps. Which brings us to another major distinction between the two goals and that's how you actually complete a rep. When your goal is to increase strength, you're not only lifting heavier and heavier loads, but your goal should also be to lift those loads as fast as you possibly can in a controlled manner. You're obviously lifting heavier weight, so it's not really going to move that fast, but that should be your goal. It's like when you come home from a first date. When you held your farts the entire time, you're not going to sit on the toilet and politely release five hours of frustration and pain. You're going to try to break the damn thing. When it comes to growth, the speed of the rep can either be fast or slow. It really doesn't matter because we're just using rep speed as a tool to increase intensity. Like this fucking thing. You can sometimes slow down and actually count the seconds between each rep or sometimes you have to speed it up because that's the only way you're going to get to that ridiculously high number. Another major difference is how the muscles work. In strength training, your goal is to distribute the work of the nerve-dermostial connections and hypertrophy, your goal is to isolate it. In other words, building muscle is like marriage. Strength training is mucacchi. For example, to do a deadlift, a lot of muscles have to work and you need to send them to make it happen. You can prove at it. Lift more weight. You don't need a bigger muscle. You obviously need a stronger one. And you get that by applying stress. The reason that training in those higher percentages of your one rep max is more conducive to increasing strength gains is because not all stress has created equal. The stress caused by mechanical tension or lifting heavy causes your body to recruit more motor neurons, larger motor neurons. Well, as an increase the rate at which they fire as well as changes to your connective tissue and the muscle itself. The stress caused by taking sets to failure in that 30 to 70 is percentage of your one rep max induced more metabolic stress. Now, both will obviously induce hypertrophy. But it's easy to see why training with the goal to increase the load that's burdened by several muscles is going to be less effective at building muscle compared to doing everything in your power to keep the supporting muscles from getting involved, isolating down to just the muscle you're trying to target to the point. You induce so much metabolic stress that you spit your protein shake up on your shirt, like a big fed infant. That's why I've always center my training around chasing the pump because a muscle doesn't have to get bigger even in the slightest bit to get stronger. But a bigger muscle always a stronger one. And because who cares how strong you are unless you play a sport semi-professionally, what do you worry about? Are you worried you're going to go to the grocery store? Actually, still some be spot. They're going to jump out and challenge you to a car deadlifting competition. Just hit them with your fucking car. At this point, there's to be no doubt to get the best results depending on what your goal is, building muscle or increasing strength, you're going to have to live on one end of this spectrum. In reality, it's more dependent on your personality. Or somebody that can be really patient and methodical and sit there and save up all your energy for a few intense sets or use somebody that just goes to the gym, picks a body part and fucks you up. If you're unsure or torn between which way you should go, here's an easy test. When your kid Christmas time, did you sit there patiently by the tree, counting your presence, waiting for that one moment of bliss to open everything up? Or were you the kid opening your presence with the shit, look on your face and your parents had asked you what was wrong, you had to explain. Listen, I'm fucking eight. So if you think hiding the presence of the closet is still a good idea, you're a dumber than I thought. Also, I got in a pretty serious sword fight with the dog and I was winning until mom's vibrating lightsaber ran in a battery. So, needless to say, we need more. At the end of the day, if you're not getting the results you want, it should be comforting to know that when you stress a muscle, it has no choice but to adapt. If you're not happy with how it's adapting, be more specific with your training. Pick a fucking team. If you decide to focus on building muscle, all length of programs will allow. There are 100% target around hypertrophy. They are ridiculously high volume and again, they're 30 days, 20 videos and all only 20 bucks. Also, if you're wife accidentally tried to jerk when you're legs, I'd watch this video. If your body type is that of a chode, this one will help you, but most importantly, like subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after a gig growing. Talk to you soon.