The most common excuse that people use for not going to the gym is a lack of time. But what if you can program a workout that normally takes an hour, but with the right techniques, you can get it done in 30 minutes. Would you do it or would you still sit on your couch all day because you're a big fat mess? Now before we dive into the research, this is a very important guiding principle. The 30 minute workout has to be just as effective as the 60 minute version, because anybody can cut volume in half and create a shitty workout. Is it possible to produce just as much hypertrophy in 30 minutes? Surprisingly? Yes, but there will be pain. The first obstacle we have to overcome is reaching the volume required to consistently build muscle. There's numerous studies trying to identify the optimal sets per muscle per week. And the only thing we could say for certain is there is a dose response relationship between the number of sets and high-perch. This is from a meta-analysis, looking at the number of sets per muscle group within a given session with less than two minutes of rest. As you can see, there is a ceiling and or leveling off point around that 15 to 16 set mark. So the more sets, the more muscle to an extent. For me, the biggest takeaways, the most significant changes happen from one to five sets. After that, there was diminishing returns on further set investments. I mean, I still want them, but we're dealing with limited time. It means we have to at least get five sets per muscle within a given week, which sounds easy, except to complex body part like delts, where each head of the delt needs to be trained like its own muscle. That's 15 sets right there. So the only way we're gonna get this done is with advanced training techniques. Shitload of them. The other thing we have to figure out is rep ranges. As much as I love high reps sets of 20 because it's the closest thing I have to organize religion, they take forever. We also can't do heavy ass sets of six because I don't know about you, but it takes me a long time and a lot of warm upsets to make sure my 10 is not gonna tear in half and fruit roll up my muscle. When I time to myself on most exercises, I found that I average round three seconds a rep. Second and a half on the East Centric, slight pause at the bottom, and then a quick ass concentric. So that means the sweet spot for time efficiency is right around eight to 12 reps. Certain body parts where you really don't have to rest that much, like calves or arms, you can easily do 15. Which brings up the biggest problem we have to deal with rest. Depending on where you look, the general recommendation for rest for high-perch fee style, training is right around two minutes. So that means you could spend 20 minutes of your 30 minute workout sitting on your ass. Gradulations, you train just enough to look worse. Here is a disgustingly complex illustration of the energy metabolism of skeletal muscle. To put it more simply to help you understand the importance of rest, what we're dealing with during a working set is the simultaneous depletion of substrate with the accumulation of metabolic byproducts. Sure, you've seen some of these before, they're kind of a big deal. Which leads to the inevitable question, how little can we rest? I started reading this book on exercise metabolism, just to see if there's a way to rig this system. I don't know, maybe we should have an entire eight ball of creatine up our ass and that enhances buffering capacity. Actually, turns out that would kind of work. Minus the butt chugging. As I'm sure you've heard before, ATP kind of important. It's our main source of energy for muscle contractions. And we go through our stores in two to three seconds. So our body has several built-in systems to help re-synthesize it. First, the phospho-creatine system, which lasts around 15 seconds, then you get into anaerobic glycolysis and finally the oxidative system. And creatine, which is why we've been talking about this in the first place, has been shown to increase PCR stores as well as elevate the rate of phospho-creatine resynthesis. And I shouldn't have to say this, but I know some kids are going to do it. Don't shove it up your ass. But he said, here's a study that looked at the impact of creatine ingestion on muscle power of the planar flexors with short rest, which why would you look at that? Either way, creatine group increased power by 5%. When it comes to time restricted training, where you're trying to pack as much volume as possible and therefore limit the rest periods, I would stack everything in your favor in terms of supplementation. Anything that's been linked to intra workout recovery, so creatine, bedalinine, carbohydrates, but to specifically answer the question, how little can we get away with resting it depends? We've all had the anecdotal experience of training a smaller muscle group like the biceps that even when you push to complete failure, if you waited a full two minutes of rest, it would feel like you're wasting your life. One of the main reasons is the simple fact that it's a smaller muscle, so there's less production of lactate and hydrogen ions to deal with. So that's something we have to factor in as well. Smaller muscle groups require less rest time, but it's also important to note that your ability of recover between sets isn't a fixed period. It's actually more like an acquired skill. Here's a study that looked at two separate groups, one that rested for a static two minutes after every set, and then one that had a decreasing rest period that started at two minutes and then ended up all the way down at 30 seconds. The changes in cross-sectional area were virtually identical, in spite of the fact that the lower rest time group did significantly less volume. That is a great insight, but also not a real world application, because what you would do with that extra time in real life is add more sets and get more volume. So any program that is time restricted should have built in incremental decreases in the rest period. So that will allow for a few more during your short workout. So to recap, we've gone over the minimum number of sets needed to a less aggressive growth, as well as the optimal rep range for time efficiency and the ability to actually recover faster based on how you program your training with the increasing rest period, but the way we structure the sets are gonna make or break these 30 minute workouts. We've all used advanced training techniques, randomly throughout the workout to help hurt ourselves a little bit more, but these workouts have to be 100% built with them. Did I mention how bad this is gonna hurt? One of the techniques that has to be in the program is the superset. Paring two antagonist muscles back to back, so biceps, triceps, quads, hamstrings, or my favorite version, which is a compound set, same muscle back to back, like chest and then chest again. We've all done it. My guarantee you did your first superset before you touched your first boot. What you might not know is they've done a study looking at supersets, comparing those to standard sets and found that the supersets led to actually more repetitions because your training antagonist muscles back to back. And the longer you rested in between, the less reps you got. So it's very important to move your ass and not rest in between those supersets. Now another obvious one that we have to include is drop sets. Now there's not a ton of great research, comparing the effects of straight sets versus drop sets. There is this particular study where it was basically a bunch of untrained college men and trained in the past year. And they had them either do three straight sets or one single set that was a drop set they failed three times. The results virtually identical hypertrophy. Now again, we're dealing with college kids who probably showed up to the studies knowing like little seizures and ass, but still interesting nonetheless. I don't think we can go as far as considering every single drop just as good as a straight set, but definitely a viable strategy for increasing volume in a very short period of time. So we're gonna do a lot of those. Rest-possets show a very similar benefit. So we don't need to dive into the research. Just make sure you program them. What's odd though is that cluster sets actually showed less benefit. That's fascinating because the way I do cluster sets is very similar to rest-possets, but instead of resting for 15 to 20 seconds between each fail, I don't. I take one to two breaths and then go again and fail four times instead of three, so that should be better, but it's not what this meta-analysis shows. How is that possible? Turns out the scientific community has a very stupid definition of cluster sets. So you're doing a set of eight instead of pushing yourself to failure right around that eight reps, you would just cut it in half and do four reps, rest, four reps, and the goal is not to fail. Of course you're gonna get less results doing that. Why would you even do that? So obviously don't program this one, but the one where you fail four times consecutively with very little rest, and you start to question, this is even a good idea. Is this even safe? You're gonna wanna do that one. The last advanced training technique I wanted to go over is InterSet Stretch. Now it might seem counterintuitive because you're basically adding additional 20 seconds to a set, but we're gonna steal that from your rest time. And you have to use this sparingly because it's that taxing. So I do it on the last exercise for certain body parts because you can't do it for everything, but it's great for chest when you're doing dumbbells, calves because you can just hop out on the machine at the end, but the idea is on the last eccentric, you go right into a deep, painful stretch and sit there for 20, 30 seconds if you can handle it. This already sucks, and I'm just showing you how to do it. I would set this up as a four day split because it's just impossible to hit everything effectively in three days, and this is how I would split up each muscle group. Here's an example workout, just in case you're having trouble programming it on your own. Looks pretty horrible, huh? Told you it was gonna suck. At this point, I'm sure you expect me to sell you a program because I did all this work and research to try to figure out an idiot. It's not done, I'll put a link in the description so you can sign up to get notified, but like I said, to me, this has to be good enough that if I give it to somebody, even if they have a full hour to train, this is a better workout, give me another week.