Alright, today we're going to have the exact tweaks that you should be making to every single exercise to get even more growth out of them. So if you're ready, let's get after it. Here's a thing. It's actually a fairly simple concept, but it's hard to execute. Kind of like all things in life. I'm sure you've been a victim to one of those late night extends commercials and thought to yourself, you know what? I bet you all women would love it. I've had to will barrel my junk around. Let me buy a case just to be safe. But as you found out, no matter how many of those damn things you suitcase, nothing happened. And then one day you found it. It was right there under your nose on the Nassogographic channel. An undisturbed indigenous tribe had figured out the secret to Donggroth. And all you had to do is, again, simple concept, hard to execute. Now when it comes to training, more specifically building more muscle from each exercise, all you have to do is ask yourself, how can I make this worse? The problem is, there's a different answer for every single exercise. When you're doing an exercise that has a range of motion that's littered with inefficiencies, like this preacher curl where there's a segment of it that's incredibly difficult, another part that is too damn easy. And that perfect portion you're incredibly connected with that you actually feel those fibers fizzier, you got two options. You can either just that range of motion or your body's position in relation to gravity. For those of you that have finally gotten over your fear of partial movements and hogonophobia, then cutting down the range of motion and just what you're connected with is the way to go. Or simply tilt slightly forward. That's going to shift the pressure of the pad that was previously stuck underneath your armpits, rubbing your nipples raw, and pushes it down towards your elbows, which automatically eliminates the inefficient parts of the movement. Or flip around the other side because that's why they made the fucking pad like that. Sometimes it isn't a matter of tweaking the form of an exercise to get the most amount of growth, but just doing it to its full capability. For instance, my chest, more specifically my upper chest, didn't start growing until I started incorporating flies at every possible degree. And you might be one of those people that argue that flies aren't good for chest growth, that's only because you're wrong. A quick note, when you get to those more severe end clines, I would do them in a lot orally. That way you can make sure you're leading with and contracting that peck, not your anterior del. Now, sometimes you can be doing everything right. Like in the case of one arm rose where you're following that natural arc you're lat, you're keeping the elbow in a fixed position, and you're fully engaging your lat, but it could be better. Because most people look at one arm rose and think of it as predominantly in the sagittal plane, but I'd argue if you shift your focus and make the bulk of the movement happen based on what you're doing in the transverse plane, you're going to start to get some serious growth. For me, the true beauty of the one arm rose being able to overload that lat during the e-centric, and the fact that you're able to stretch that lat, unlike any of their back movement because of what you're doing in the transverse plane, forcing that shoulder towards your midline, and really laying that lat out on an extreme stretch. Kind of like what you did when you tried to grow your wing with the 25 pound plate. So yeah, fall the natural arc your lats, keep the elbow in a fixed position, but also exaggerate the stretch by driving that shoulder towards your midline, and as you can track up and hands it by dragging the elbow along your body and opening up your chest. And yeah, I only gave you three examples to help answer the question, how can I make this worse? But think of them like tools in your tool belt that you can pull out on any exercise you do. I'll be at Fisher Price Tools, but let's face it. You're going to hurt yourself anyway. If you need more help, here's a video that goes over 21 of my favorite exercises, and the exact way I do them. Or reach in your mom's first graph 20 bucks and buy one of the programs linked below. As always, like subscribe with a notification bell and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.