All the things town revisit this and go a little bit deeper because I still get a ton of questions from people saying, hey, I want to be as big and lean as you may possible, tell me exactly what to do. And the funny part is that you have these people sitting there eating a bowl of cereal. So this is for you, Crunchberry, Nestle's. Let's get after it. By let's first start out by going over some of the column misconceptions people have. And then, let give you a step by step process that I think anybody can take and you continually get leaner over time and put on more muscle. A lot of pushback I get is from people saying, it gets harder as you get older. I'll give you a portion of that. Now, it's definitely harder when I'm working with people who are at a certain age than it's different for everybody to get their metabolism revved up to a point where you start really getting some progress, getting them a little bit leaner and starting that process of building muscle as you're dropping that body fat. It takes a little bit longer and the age is different for everybody. But I've noticed that most people I'd change their diet and a couple of days you start to get some progress, but with older people, so for a boy to say it. But with somebody who's at that certain age, you'll see that sometimes it takes seven days before their body's like, alright, I get it. We have to actually change. Let's get that metabolism going a little bit. Let's make some progress. But that does not mean that it doesn't happen. It's just slower. One of the benefits though that anybody that's been training for years will tell you that it's had a pretty clean diet unless you've been eating hot pockets for the last 10 years is that it gets easier to say leaner as you go. Because your body becomes more efficient. It just knows what it has to do. I know when I was younger, I need a whole pizza and I'd stink like garlic for a whole week. Now, even before I start my shitty meals, I will sit there and start to heat up and then halfway through, I'll be like, be right back. I have to go to the bathroom, which pisses my girlfriend off because that's not the case for her. I think another misconception that people have is that you need to bulk to put on muscle mass. I made this mistake when I was younger, I just ate like a pig and family was disown me. People throw up when they saw me. It was bad experience, but it doesn't have to be that way. Because the amount of muscle mass you gain in a calorie surplus compared to a deficit is pretty insignificant. As long as you get your macros in check, you release a gram per pound of protein. Sometimes it's maybe more. And then you figure out the best energy source for you. For me, it's fats, lipid-free, scientific, and soles. For other people, it's carbohydrates. It's really about testing figure out what's best for you because if I just gave you a diet, it wouldn't serve you very well. You get some progress in the beginning of it, but then when you needed to evolve it and tweak it, you couldn't. So really, you have to figure out what's best for you and then go from there. Now, I can tell you this for a fact. It's more fun to stay leaner during the process because let's say over the next two years, you gain 10 pounds of muscle, but you had to become a big fat mass to get there. Or you get into nine and a half pounds of muscle, but you get to stay lean in entire process. What would you choose? So how do you make getting leaner and putting on muscle simultaneously a reality? Now, for me, it's pretty simple. It just comes back to measuring every single thing you do. Now, that may sound very simple and plain, but it's not just stepping on the scale. A lot of people do that, and they're just getting chubby. We're not doing that. We're talking about using it as a tool, but that's just one of the tools we're going to use. You step on the scale. You use a food scale, and you're going to use calipers. Now, the traditional weight scale is nice because it keeps you on track and it can really in pretty quickly because if you step on the scale for consistently a couple of days, and within three days, you gain five pounds, you've fucked up. And you know right away that something's wrong with your diet, you need to make tweaks, and it's as simple as that. You're not going to put on five pounds of muscle on three days. Hey, drink it too. Now, the food scales are incredibly important during this process because it's the key to getting you lead. So many times I see people on a diet, and they're like, yeah, I have a half cup of this, and I have a tablespoon of this. I know what tablespoons look like, especially when people have peanut butter is fucking ridiculous. You can't trust yourself with this. You've got to weigh out your food and have a consistent amount every day. That way you know what you're getting in, and there's no variance from that. And the calipers are going to make you there, but it's because they're going to pinch this, and tell you exactly where your body fat is to the point where you have one little tear around your face because you've got your 10% body fat turns out you're 16. Fucking hurts. But that in conjunction with the scale is going to give you a clear picture of where you're truly at because you can't make adjustments and make progress without knowing where you are and where you've been. So when you've had that track over a period of time, you can see what direction you're heading in. If you're just sitting there right now and you're going, you're on a diet and you're just pushing yourself and you're looking in the mirror and you're like, I'm making progress. It's too easy to line yourself. I do it all the time too. When you know exactly what you're at, it's easy to know like, okay, I'm getting out of control here. I don't really need pancakes before I work out in 17 hot pockets after that's not okay. Now most experience lifters can take that advice and see, you know what, I haven't been tracking myself the way I showed or the way I have my past. I'm going to do it and get results. But if you're brand new and you need to stop the bleeding in a hurry and you're just getting out of control, you're running a hole in your belt. Let me give you a place to start. First, just use your BMR. Figure out your maintenance calories and then from there drop it by a few hundred. Start with a limited diet where you just take three types of protein, three types of carbohydrates, three types of fat and you build a diet from there. I like to do at least 40% of my calories coming from protein and then I tweak the other two to really fit my needs and basically you're testing at that point. That's where your new found knowledge comes in. Okay, I'm going to experiment on myself because no one's coming for me, no one's going to do this for me. It's on me and then from there, it doesn't take long. You start your diet, tweak it every three days, use a scalars progress, use your calipers as progress and make sure you use your food scale and it's that easy. I'm going to wrap up by saying that it's possible for anybody but you're going to have to make a mental shift to make it happen because it's not easy. So that's why when you see somebody who's big and lean, I don't want to tip your cap to him. That or stay away from because they're probably pretty mentally messed up. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.