So over the last couple of weeks, I've added something to my routine that is really hindered my ability to walk and I'm gonna safely assume that you're a second individual as well too, so you'd appreciate this. If you're ready, let's get after it. So everyone's all my training. I lose my weight a little bit and think I got it all figured out, but in reality, just not pushing myself hard enough because I'll make a small tweak like this to it and then be so sore. I can't walk, my sleep gets messed up and realize, nope, still medial. And that deep muscle soreness is still my favorite indicator. Let me know that I'm on the right track and I'm making progress. And I just use it as a gauge to understand whether or not my workout intensity is going to be a limiting factor in the pursuit of growth. So for me, if you're not at the grocery store after a leg day and you're shuffle racing some old lady to get the last motorized scooter, you're doing something wrong. So at the end of every exercise I'm at adding extra set, which I'm gonna call a flex set because we're going as slow as you can, flexing as hard as you can, and shooting for four reps, which it's easy to guess the way because if you're like me and you train 20 reps, it's the exact same way. See, exact same way. And this works just as good if not better on camels and machines because you're locked in, there's no escaping it. And a couple of things I want to know here, this is more than a 10 count negative and positive. What I want you to do is feel like you're trying to go as slow as possible. It's only four reps. Go as slow as you possibly can really fight that every step of the way. And the second thing is when you're transitioning back to the concentric part of the movement, make sure you take that little unconscious jolt out of the equation. Because a lot of people, especially on triceps, I see, they're slow the entire time when they start to contract again, they get a little jolt to start the movement. For me, you're missing on the most important part, which is that initial part of the contraction where you create that mind muscle connection. So is this something you should add to your program and forever expect to give results? Probably not. I'm assuming my body will adapt in about two weeks and I have to switch through a different way of intensifying every workout. But I felt the soreness, saw some progress, and thought I should share this with you. Kind of like a hot far. The joke deserves a little clarification. Middle school lunch line. The nicest kid in the world who would not say or do anything about anybody. But on that day, he was fucking frustrated. He was standing behind a group of kids who were in a circle, taking their sweetest time and he wanted his bagel. And I think at this point in his life, everything he led to this moment, where he's like, finally enough enough. I'm going to stand up for myself. So he cocked his hand back, reached back, farted, pommed it, reached in the crowd, dispersed it. So fucking epic. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. And get after GetGron. Talk to you soon.