All right, so we're training chest. Now, there's a couple of different things I've been doing recently that I want to run through on top of the usual how to make it already horrible exercise, not much worse, but public service announcement. If you're a real pro-teach beginner car, just let it go. Say, forget, it's not worth the risk. I did it my car, tried to clean it up, broke my f***ing finger and half. So over the past month, all my chest workouts have been predominantly decline movements. Now, the reason for that is, I don't know about you, but for me, I don't think somebody has a fully developed chest until that lower pack gets so muscular, it's going to get a little hang to it. There's so much fullness that if you're 13-year-old self got a hold of it, they get a little chum. One of the unforeseen benefits that I found from tweaking most of the exercise that I do am making a more of a decline movement is that it kind of opened up the playbook a little bit more and brought back in exercises that I wasn't connecting with before. So like a flat dumbbell press where at the bottom it's getting a lot of anterior delt. There wasn't really much of a stretching contraction there. There wasn't really much movement in that pack. And then the tricep would jump into the top. Now, by tweaking that movement, arching my back more, I get more of a stretch. So obviously I'm opening that chest even more. It's more of a comfortable position for those shoulders and I got a better contraction overall. The best way I find to do these isn't by throwing on play their knees to bench or even using a decline bench. It's just putting your feet on top and using your hips to dictate the angle of your body. That way you can kind of adjust the position and see what fits best for you because it might not take much. You might just need a slight angle to have a better, more comfortable position for those shoulders to get a better contraction. And then it's easier to get out of. You can just throw it right in your quads and pop back up. So dips have made their way into everything one of these workouts. Because obviously, they're more of a downward movement than any other exercise you can do. But not the way most people do them. Most people do them like they just left whatever CD thing they were looking at on the internet on their computer and they got a race that are partnering to get home before they find out. Really how messed up they are. They're going to be a little bit more of a loss of the energy. They're going to be a little bit more of a loss of the energy. They're going to be a little bit more of a loss of the energy. And they're going to be a little bit more of a loss of the energy. They're partnering to get home before they find out. Really how messed up they truly are. The way I do these is as slow as possible. It's one of those very exceptions. If I get over 10 reps, I've messed up. Because what I want to do is a five count negative. A three second hole in the bottom where I really open up that chest, pull those shoulders back, hold that stretch a second, and then start the contraction up, five count positive. And it's a very slow methodical movement. It's a painfully horrible movement. Because I might have a very short range of motion because I'm going from fully stretched to about a little bit above halfway. If you can do that for more than 10 reps, then you have an incredibly strong chest or you're just a really underweight human, you need to eat more food. So obviously, cable flies are an incredibly really hit that lower pack because you can come out in so many different angles. And you can really figure out what's the best way to contract that lower part of your chest and really peek out the contraction and finish it off in that lower pack. So we're going to hit in two different ways. The first one we're going to set up the cable low and come across the body. Now this one's all about the contraction and finding the best connection for you, less about the stretch. So first thing what you do is kind of play around the shoulders a little bit and see what you connect with most. You might connect better by turning in a little bit and you might hit a little bit more inner chest that way or turning out. The second thing to watch out for is your wrist. So as you're coming up, either turn that hand in towards you more and see if you wrap that around your body or turn that wrist towards the ceiling, see if you can peek out the contraction that way. After two working sets of those, which working sets of the ones where you've grown like an idiot and don't realize it because you have your headphones on. You're going to put the cable nice and high. Really focusing on the stretch and exaggerating that range of motion. I can pretty much guarantee you have a better contraction by supiting that wrist towards the ceiling and flexing past your midline. So we're finishing up with a declim bench variation, doing a couple of burnout sets. Now, this is how I know I'm on the right track because usually I do anything barbell based. I mean, it tells my shoulder, my interior dealt and that chest insertion point to go either bag of dicks and hurry and you just have to stop right there. But because of putting my feet on the bench, I'm really adjusting those hips in a way and I find that perfect angle for me where I can really open up the shoulders that's comfortable. I mean, there's been no issues whatsoever. It's been a crazy soreness I've got from it and it just works really well. So one thing I want you to watch out for though is as you watch the B roll of this, kind of watch how my elbows flare in, not out and watch and the best way I can kind of put this in state this is make sure you're driving through that elbow and not through your wrist or through your shoulders, really drop that elbow, flex it up and make sure you're pushing with your chest and nothing else. All right, so as always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next. And after getting going, talk to you soon.