All right, today we're going to have the biggest mistake I see people make when training chest and this one's a little bit more personal. I should probably call it the biggest mistake I made for years training chest because if all your body parts are growing your chest is lagging behind. This is going to fix that problem. Help you save it a little bit of time. Let's get after it. I don't know about you. When I first got started, no idea what it's doing. Look like a goddamn baby deer in there bouncing around. It's tough to watch. So much so that I cut the attention of the old time with the jam that, see, I need to some help. Two years of knowledge and he gave me a little piece of advice that completely fucked me up. And that advice was you want to build a big chest? You got to press. I spent year structuring my chest workouts around different pressing moments and at the very end, sprinkle in a couple sets of flies, dismal results are best. The moment I flip that around, that's when I really start to get results. If you're somebody that gets results from presses, good for you. This video's not for you. Stop rubbing it in. For those that don't, I'm not saying take presses out completely. But instead, transforming into a movement where you're coming across your body. It's going to help you engage that chest more, keep it out of the anterior delt, the tricep, and really that's the name of the game for growing any muscle. Find out what movement you connect with the most, do that more. So if you're going to try to add a few more fly movements and see how it works out for you, let me give you a couple of govins to throw in. Now if you see somebody make the fatal mistake of getting a drink of water between sets, perfect opportunity to steal their bench, take it to the cable crossover. This one's better than the standing various and low cable flies, especially during the negative because you can really push back against that pad, open up the shoulders around it, and really stretch that chest even more. And then make sure on the way up, you don't just touch those handles together. Make sure you really try to drive those elbows in, touch those hands together. That's going to really just create a harder flex, more intense contraction overall. Another one I love is the machine fly, but setting enough for rear delts and doing it unilaterally. The benefit is being able to contract that chest in a way your body is not used to. Being able to open up that chest in a fully stretched position, come across your body, and then push past the point you normally stop to get in no flex that most other chest exercises can't compete with. And if that's not enough to try this exercise more, you can pinpoint what part of the chest you want to target by either leaning forward, anymore the upper chest or leaning back and target that lower chest. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video one next. Get after get grown. Talk to you soon.