So there's something I do before I start every single exercise, and I don't see anybody else do this. I think it's a biggest factor in determining how much muscle you can actually put on. Let's get after it. And as you can see, it's still covered in bruises. And at first I was like, this sucks. Tell I rediscover one of my favorite pastimes as a kid, lying. So when I laid you ran up to me, obviously, a huge fan of copying was like, oh my god, don't you love the way those cups feel? I just really, it helps you recover. I just gave it the most blank stare. What's cumping? She got so nervous. She didn't know what to say. I just thought because the bruises and basically your suction cups and you, why do you have, can I ask why you have these bruises? Well, me and my wife only get one date nine a week. So we like to do it big. We go to a nice dinner and then afterwards, I go over the guy who owns small batting cages. He lets a sneak in after hours and bang it out. I can give you his number if you want. I would just ease into it. That a couple of softballs graze your nips before you start taking heaters. She did not appreciate that. So one of the biggest critiques I've seen from people is that I'm trying to reinvent the wheel. And all these exercise variations are overkill, but I'd argue when you train the way I do and you value connection over everything else, they're essential. Because when I go to the gym, I have an idea of what I wanna do, but nothing's set in stone. Everything is determined by how the exercise feels on that particular day. I think this is a critical difference between somebody gets real results. And then they ask one next to you, there's done the same five exercises for each body part, the same form, and looks the same for the past five years. So let me give you a process to help figure this out. So you plan on hitting biceps and you wanna do seated dumbbell curls with a subinated grip. Now before you can't, any of your sets, I want you to sit there and do five reps with that subinated grip and really focus on flexing the weight up. And before you decide that's it, that's my bottom bitch. I want you to do three or four different exercise variations doing five reps of each. And just seeing if you get a better connection could be a drag curl variation, you could lean forward, show you your connection. That way you can change the tempo, you can lean back and do an incline curl. And if you're sitting there thinking now, I'm emphasizing a completely different muscle. I went from doing a seated dumbbell curl where I was gonna focus on that short head. Now you have me leaning back and incline curl that's gonna put more emphasis on that long head. Yeah, exactly. I'm 100% okay with that, as long as you factor in the rest of your workout. Because the beauty of prioritizing the connection over everything else is that as you progress for the workout, it gets easier to connect the exercises. So maybe you start out with that dumbbell curl and you didn't feel right. And you feel like an old crumpled up piece of shit and you wanna go play in traffic. The next time you do it, maybe two, three exercises later, you're gonna have a great connection to it. But there are times you wanna be stubborn and fight for the connection because if you don't, you're not gonna hit the muscles you wanna hit. And this happens a lot on legs. Say you're on the hacksquat and you wanna light up those quads so you wanna walk those feet in. But for whatever reason, you're not connecting that day. That's usually because your knees have said, get the fuck out of here with that dumb idea. So you can take that same thought process and find a variation you connect with, which most likely will be a nice, high, wide stance that way it's less pressure on those knees. And as you go through each set, you're gonna walk those feet in closer and closer. So by the time you get to those really tough working sets, you're right where you wanna be. At the end of the day, I think we all have a similar evolution of our lifting career. You start out as a rookie and you remember these times. Probably high school where you benched every single day because there was an unspoken rule between you and your friends that if you couldn't bench one 35, your piece is shit. And then you progress to a novice left door where you started squatting and deadlifting, but still required supervision because once a month you unwrapped too much weight on one side and the bar would flip off. And then you leveled up to a pro, which means no matter what exercises thrown at you, you understand your body and what proper form should be no matter what you're working and you're competent with everything you do. But I think the next evolution happens when you're in the gym, you start listening to your body and tailoring your workouts to whatever you connect with best and fuck it's hot in here. And if you didn't know the full gym programs out and just like the garage program, it's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. We got week one in there and every week they a new workout drops. So Monday, it's another horrible arm day. If you haven't watched these two videos, I watch those next, but both importantly subscribe, hit the notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.