All right, today we're going to work out with only one exercise and one set will transform the way you train forever. It's a bold strategy cotton. Now I'm sure hearing that, your spider senses are tingling and you're starting to smell a subtle hint of bullshit in the air, but I'm not being facetious. I 100% mean that. See, when I was younger, I was a bit of a procrastinator, but it had been a blessing because when I realized this, when you put things off long enough and you're up against it, you can make some pretty incredible things happen. Here's a good example. Now relate to if I ask you, okay, what takes longer? Taking a piss or taking a shit. All of us should say taking a shit, just the mechanics of it alone, wiping your ass, you're going to check your feet. It's going to be an event. But I want you to think back to a first date that we've all had. Everything's going good. You have to rest right. You have a great time. Also, you realize, oh, something's brewing. You know you've got to pass it off to like you're not going to go on the bathroom and destroy it and probably get the rest right shut down for good because the health code violation you're about to commit. Maybe right back, I'm going to run the restroom, just take a quick pee before dessert gets here. The moment you get out of her sight, you're doing that quick shit shuffle. You get in there and you blow it out faster than you ever have in your entire life. You lap the guy in the urinal next to you, you quickly wash your hands, you don't drive and you exit that bathroom like you just finished a fucking marathon, you're breaking through a ribbon. But it's not just related to time. You're standard in any area of your life will expand or contract based upon the amount of pressure you put on yourself. I also learned this when I was younger because now it was I procrastinated. I was also pretty dumb and I did some crazy stuff with my workouts. Like one time me and my buddy Scott trained legs every day for 30 days. Another time I did two of day workouts but not the way you think. I was trained everybody part twice a day, AM and PM the same damn workout. Not very smart. But what I realized is your body will pretty much adapt to anything because on day three of the 30 days of legs, you feel like at any moment you could die. By day 14 it's just who you are. You're sick. So what the hell does it have to do with the workout that only has one exercise and one set? Well, I think everybody needs a white whale. Hold on. A white whale is a set that is impossible. It forces you to fight through pain even though you know no matter how hurt you lean your effort or how good you are to happen in that childhood trauma, you're still going to fail to get there. It has one single solitary purpose to raise your fucking standard. Mine is a century set on Hacksquat with a weight that I struggle to get 30 reps with. So a hundred reps is my Everest, which reminds me of one of my favorite quotes about Everest which I learned isn't actually a real quote. It's from Jurassic Park. And it's when they asked the guy who went up Everest without oxygen. Why'd you go up there to die and he said, I didn't. I went up there to live completely bullshit but I still love it. As we all started working out for a similar reason, maybe you're like me and get a bunch of alcoholics and drug addicts in your family and you thought, well, I'm not taking that route. I'm trying to turn this addictive personality into something positive or maybe you had an insecurity you're running from and the gyms what you found. No matter what messed up reason caused you to start, it's not why you stayed. You stayed because you fell in love with the fight. So it's having an entire workout that's in around one set that you pull out once every other month to try to break yourself with and see if you can just get a few more reps really worth it. Well, if you can honestly say that you're pushing yourself hard enough now, then no, you don't need it. But you're also full of shit, you need it. So figure out your white whale and get after it. And if you need more specific help, I'll link the program as below each of them, only 20 bucks and they're like going through puberty again. And I'll leave you with this. There's a lot of assholes in the world and there's nothing you can do about it. But you can always control how much of an asshole you're already yourself.