I've been searching a long time for the perfect exercise that warms up your shoulders, improves your posture, and one you could do before every single workout. And I found it. And no, it's not face pulls. But by all means, if those work for you and you like taking those black balls to the face, you do you. But there's a better way. Let me explain. So let me start off by saying, I'm not just doing this to be contrarian. I tried to like face pulls because I needed them. I needed to improve my thoracic mobility. And I knew I was neglecting those external rotators, Terry's minor, and for Spinata's. But it let me down. And my posture kept getting worse and worse was a shit sandwich. And you would think it's because I grew up in the air of dial up. I spent my time hunched over my computer because it took 10 minutes to the little single picture of a naked woman and she'd show up in sections. Did you see the top of her head and then her shoulder? And then by the time I got to that giant C-section scar that you mistake for a tattoo, because really couldn't tell with that blurry little thumbnail, it was too late. But even that didn't cause any issues. You know what did though? I trained under the false belief that as long as I'm hitting my chest and anterior delts, as much as I'm hitting my rear delts and rhomboids, it'll even it out. It didn't. My thoracic mobility got worse, shoulders continue to roll forward. All the way to the point that I suffered from cervical ridiculopathy, just the fancy word for a pinch of nerve and my neck. And I've talked about using the bow ties that trainer to really remind you to keep those shoulders back and down when you're sitting in front of the computer for long bouts and different thoracic mobility exercises to really open everything up. But I do this exercise every single day, even late day. And it's transformed my posture. It's released that pressure on my neck and not only that, I've seen noticeable improvement in my chest because my shoulders are just naturally back and down. And yeah, I don't want to go over posture stuff on this channel because it's boring. I'm two steps away from teaching how to bear it down and take a shit. But I feel like this is useful. So we have to. For this exercise, you're going to need a T.R.x. Now, most gyms are going to have one of these and you should definitely have one at your house because you're going to do this every single day. And if you don't, just scrounge around your house and grab a couple pairs of your wife's old underwear and pack it up and sell it to a few nice gentlemen online and don't worry, your wife won't get mad because it's for a good cause. T.R.x. Now, this movement has three distinct parts and they all had a different set of muscles. So to start out, you're going to make that T.R.x as long as it can go, you're going to set yourself up at a 45 degree angle and don't be worried that you're not pulling from a high point like you normally were with the face pull, your hands are going to be perpendicular even slightly below. That's what we want because we're hitting some of the bigger muscles involved with pulling everything back, your rear delts, your rhomboids, that mid trap. So I'm going to pull towards your face, separate those hands and finish with those elbows at 90 degrees. Now that those muscles are engaged, we can call them external rotators to get involved. And that's where the true beauty of this exercise comes in because as you progress with the movement, you're working against less and less of your body weight, which allows you to call them some of the smaller muscles like your Terry's minor and your infrasprinatus to get involved and externally rotate that shoulder and not worry about some of those bigger muscles that normally say, fuck you, I'm taking this over because they're already fully contracted and engaged. So we have to worry about them because you just focus on externally rotating that shoulder and pulling ourselves a little bit more forward. And then from there, we're going to keep those shoulders back and down and go into a press. Not because of a give a shit about the muscles normally involved in the press, it's because we're still working against our own body weight. So we have to really fight to keep those muscles. We just activated, engaged and it's going to work on the most red headed of all ginger muscles that low trap. So make sure you go nice and slow and engage at the entire time. And here's the best part. It's a two easy, inch those feet forward and slow it down. It's a two difficult sort of to walk them back and you realize about six reps in, this is different. So what do we learn? Well, if you keep taking black balls to the face, that's on you. And if you haven't got a chance to take out the 30 day program, link in the description 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. And if you missed the one on the bow tie where I talked about other mobility exercises, I'd watch this next. Also another one of my favorites, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.