All right, today we're going over whether or not muscle soreness is a good indication that you're actually growing and spoiler alert to me. It absolutely is, but not the way you think. Let's get after it. So I'm going to have to do some of the after effects because I used to have a bunch of poster boards, but in a previous video I just drew a bunch of pieces because it couldn't get the angle just right. So that's why I don't have them. So if you've seen a video covering this in the past, the more than likely the presented this topic, but introducing you to the three mechanisms of growth. You got mechanical tension, which is just simply progressive overload metabolic stress, which is my personal favorite that's constant tension or the auto-erotic exphyxiation of muscle building, and then finally muscle damage or muscle soreness. And the contention comes from the fact that soreness does not have to be present for growth to take place. You can go to the radical mechanical tension or metabolic stress and get very little soreness, but still experience growth. That's why you'll see people lose their f***ing minds smashing their keys saying soreness does not equal growth. But here's the thing, even the scientific community can't agree on what muscle soreness is. And then they come up with a new study where they elect you to some people, and then they realize well maybe it's not the muscle fibers, maybe it's in the connective tissue, but it'll go elect you to some more people. And then they do and they realize well maybe it's a result of inflammation back to elect you to people. Needless to say, scientists have been sword fighting about this for years, but to me that doesn't matter because I don't think that's important. I don't think it's a three horse race. And it's choosing whether you're going to train based upon mechanical tension, which is progressive overload or metabolic stress, which is constant tension and using muscle soreness as your measuring stick. And the reason I argue that muscle soreness does equal growth is because it's your feedback loop for everything related to building muscle. For instance, how do you know whether or not you properly hit the muscle you were trying to target through soreness? If you've tried to hit traps and you wake up the next morning and you got a horrible pain in your gooch, you missed it. And it's also great measuring tool to figure out if you're training hard enough. I don't care if you focused on constant tension or progressive overload. If you train legs and the next day you feel like you could train them again, I don't need to see your logbook to tell you that you did a horrible job. And I've also heard people say you shouldn't aim to be overly sore because I have a serious impact on performance. So you train legs on Thursday, you go to hit him again Tuesday, but they're still sore. You're going to take a performance hit. But that's also assuming you're a four year old and you can adjust your schedule and take an extra day or two off of rest because to me, you earn the right to rest more. Your body will adapt and you won't need as much rest in the future. But what you can't do is avoid it because the inevitable next question that people ask is well, how do I reduce soreness? And always that not the right question to ask, it can be counterproductive because if you try to take a much anti-inflammatory or really do anything to reduce the information, now you're inhibiting muscle growth. Because you just spent all that time in the gym destroying yourself and now you're going to run from that pain and not let your body adapt. There's a good analogy to related to. So you come home and you find your wife, Chugga, a bunch of weeners. You can't run to the bar and data bunch of whiskey because we've all seen the music video for whiskey, Lala Bay. Didn't turn out great. So at the end of the day, soreness doesn't equal growth, but it's more important than that. It's your guide and whether or not you're hitting the muscles you're trying to target, you're training with enough intensity and you're recovering from your workouts. It's a pretty big, big, big deal. And a quick note last one, if you're not recovering like you used to, that's a good sign that there's something internally going on. Get your blood work done. You shouldn't be sore for weeks on end. You're probably fucked up. So if you haven't got a chance to record the program, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you haven't watched these two videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly, subscribe. Hit the notification bell. Get after you get growing. See you soon.