Pretty cool, like an exercise huh? That would be if that's actually how it looked. In reality, it looks like this. Real cool huh? And that's the point. There's a lot of exercises that we can do that will lead to phenomenal results, but also, well, make us something we have some sort of developmental disorder, or we were dropped to me in times as a kid, but that's good, because most of us actually were dropped to many times. So let's go over some of those exercises because we need those gains. So if you're one of those people, like, I don't know if I can do this, because people with a gym are going to judge me. Here's something that's always served me, and it's that people often overstate how significant they really are. Because the truth is, if you're leaving the gym one day, not paying attention, and that old lady who wears those old spandex, 80s outfits with the thong built in, accidentally runs you over. People in the gym are going to be like, oh my god, what happened? I think the run over, what was this name? I think it was Glenn. Oh, no, we need to do Glenn. More of the story, people don't care, so you shouldn't either. Alright, let's start up by quickly going over the exercises show in the beginning, because I know people are going to ask about it, and we've talked about it before, but there's even more we can add to it, because you can do it dumbbells, a straight bar, a reverse grip of my favorite way, is with an easy bar. And at any moment, if you want to make it more intense, you're going to add a static contract at the top and the bottom of the movement. So we're going to have that fully stretched position, lean back, we're going to get into gravity, hold that for two, three seconds. And as you can track up, you lean forward again two, three seconds, and it's going to make it a lot worse. And yeah, you're going to look ridiculous, rocking back and forth, of course, that's part of it. And if you yell that frank and beans when people not even bat an eye, probably not, because it fits the part, but that doesn't mean you should avoid it. You should probably do more of it. It's fun to be how much better supplements are made for women, taste compared to ones that are made for men. I don't know who's buying them ones with a clown face with blood dripping that are rainbow donkey deft flavored, but apparently kids are, because they're selling like hotcakes. And if you're sitting there thinking, it's pretty tough to look stupid on a CD calf race, how can I embarrass myself on this thing? Challenge accepted, because if you do this exercise in this way, and people that Jim wondering why you don't have one of those backpacks on the leash on it. It's a lot recently, because sometimes you don't want to do drops heads, because if the pain in the ass, you got to take the weight off, put it back on. So instead, once you get done with your set, 20, 30, 50 reps, however sick you are, you rack that weight, and then from there, you're doing parser reps overloading at the top, but also you're taking tension off that calf completely, and then forcing that rep and just squeezing out whatever you have left. It's not going to be much more, but the nice part is you get to keep that same weight, even a few more reps, because it's a little bit easier doing it this way, and it just tears it up even more. You also look stupid, so that's cool. I don't know about you, but I used to see people use the T-Rex for their entire workout and think, what a door. Tell you, got older, wise, or oddly less mature. I started using it more and more for PT, posture, stuff, and one of my favorite split squat variations, because it's a little bit more dynamic, and it forces you to shift all that weight on that working leg, just to even keep your balance getting gates at quad, and you can stretch it hamstring more by leaning more forward, and there's a fun game you can play, as pretending you only have one side of your body, push yourself to complete failure to almost pass out, and then stand up and look at the other leg and say, good fucking luck. Alright, let's go over one more, because the last thing I need is to get carried away, kick out of the gym, and only let back game when you have your leash on, and when I was thinking about this video, I thought, okay, let me run through some of the exercises that are really valuable, but people avoid them because they look ridiculous, and they realize my entire shoulder today is one ridiculous exercise after another. I do partial reps, the silos at the top, at the bottom, I do different rotation movements, but this one, this one is the worst. Because you're going to literally hear people say, oh my god, that's so sweet, that's what I had that little chair thing attached to the pool, it's for this guy, because you're going to look like you can't get up, but in terms of connecting with that rear delt, there's nothing better, because it takes your back out of the quasian, your traps can't get involved because you're doing partial reps at the top, so if your somebody has trouble connecting with those rear delts, I would start to work out with these, pre-exhaust, push that blood in there, you can do anything else after, doesn't matter, they're going to be blown out. Just make sure you usually lightweight and try that tricep along your lad as you can track up, and once you get done, go use that chair thing, because I know you've always wanted to do. If you haven't got a chance to check out the full gym program, or the garage one, links in the description, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. And if you want to see what the future PPL program will be like, I'll leave a playlist right here, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it, get growing. Dr. Sune, if you're wondering why I use my eye for that first shot, I don't know, consider yourself lucky, because that wasn't my first idea.