All right, today we're hitting chest. We're going all dumbbells. Now, I know what you're thinking. You didn't vote for that one. You probably voted for a video on the importance of a cheat meal, but unless you want me to line up a bunch of donuts and smash them with my fist because I'm pissed off because I don't get to eat them yet. It's not my cheat day. Let's wait. I'll do that video next. And then maybe I'll even show you how to properly snort a line of frosting. Let's get after it. Let me start up by answering a question. I'm beginning a lot lately, which is, can you actually put a muscle by using lighter weight? And the answer is absolutely. And I think a lot of people get lost in the weed trying to figure out the best possible rep means to get the most results. But in reality, I don't even think that's the right question to start with because that's more preference than it is progress. Because I can take somebody and do six reps on every single exercise and get results. Or you take somebody else, do a hundred reps and every exercise and get results. Because in terms of hypertrophy, all you're trying to do is push that muscle beyond what it wants to do or even is capable of doing to elicit a response. And if you're unsure of how hard you should push yourself, just air on the side of kicking your own ass too much. I'm going to assume before you got locked in your house, which is a couple sets of dumbbells. You've done a low cable flies before. Now, if you haven't, I question the decisions you made in your life up to this point. If you have the notes of phenomenal exercise, and we can mimic that by getting in a slight incline, using those dumbbells. But two things you got to make sure of, one, you got to pinch those shoulder blades together to make sure that the answer you're dealt doesn't just destroy the entire movement. And the other thing is, as you start to contract up, you're going to want to exaggerate the supination of that wrist and really try to turn that palm over as much as possible. And that'll hit and target that interchests even more. Music Let me take a second, I think Skillshare for sponsoring this video. Now before you say, why these blocks have this guy again, let me make some perfectly clear. With Skillshare, you can explore new skills, deepen a passion, get lost in creativity. And for me, those are all essential. I mean, how do you think I was able to recreate that epic scene from old school with Vince Bond on the rings? That was all Photoshop. Added in the smoke, lit the end of it, and I just use a candy cigarette. Shitty candy cigarette. Skillshare is an online learning community that offers you a membership with meaning. It empowers you to accomplish real growth. I suggest checking out advanced editing in Premiere Pro with Jordy. Could save you a headache one day. Music Like I've said before, Skillshare is incredibly affordable. The annual subscription costs less than 10 bucks a month. The first thousand my subscribers clicked the link in the description. We'll get two free months of a premium membership to explore that creativity. Yeah. So I don't know if you're a big fan of fly movements. I like how I think they're neat, but the one thing you find is on dumbbell flies, past a certain point. It's hard to contract that chest, keep constant tension because you start to lose the force of gravity to the point. If you go all the way up, you can relax that chest, hold those dumbbells there or no problem because it's not in your chest anymore. So what we're going to do is deconstruct the movement, but not like one of those shitty restaurants that completely f*** up a meal because they just take it apart and land on a plate. We're going to do something useful. We're going to start up by pre-existing and targeting the inner part of your chest with the cough and presses, but with this variation, we're just going to stay seated, our set back, lean back, and it's really about wrapping those elbows around your body and then driving them in at the top. We're just really trying to hit the inner part of your chest. And then we're going right into flies. But we're going to do partial reps at the bottom of the movement to keep that constant tension and then just burn it out from there. The 15-year-old was done by the 15-year-old man. So to get any legitimate pressing sets in with lighter weight is pretty tough, unless you pre-exasperce. So that's what we're going to do. And at that point you can press with 20-25 pounds and as long as you pre-exhausted yourself with pushups to true failure, you're gonna have a hard time hitting out those 25s. So we're gonna start with the real wide grip pushup, hands on the dumbbells, so why it's gonna feel like a fly, just make sure you arch that back, keep that chest the most dominant thing in the movement, don't let those front doubts eat it up. And then we'll go right into a reverse grip press because most people ask how do I get more development that outer and lower pack? This is what that's for, but you also find that you have more of a connection to your chest, just innately how the movement is. It's a less shoulder dominant. The chest is just gonna be naturally more arched and you're be squeezing in, so you can feel it all the way from the inner pack to the outer part of that chest, and then we're gonna lean back a little bit of an arch, so you can really hit that in more of a decline movement. So as always, like subscribing to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next, and get after you get grown, talk to you soon.