Alright, today we're hitting shoulders, which is a little unfortunate because some of the other channels just put out a dumbbell shoulder workout, but good news is this is completely different. What going through different exercises and on top of that, it's not going to be a 10 minute video if I try to talk that long in camera. I just hyperventilating pass out. I'm also going to test out doing a Q and a half way through the video because I was loving Casey nice that there's Q and a's and his male time. Although, probably never do male time because we've had a few people DMU drawings they made of you, which wouldn't be that weird, but most of them are like half me half man bear pig, it gets kind of weird. We're starting off with a different take on Arnold presses because I get bored. Also found that myself and other people have trained 10 respond better to having a different stimulus during that every time they hit the gym than mastering a movement pattern and just upping the weight. So imagine for a second, you're doing a very robotic and controlled Arnold press. You got that dumbbell in front of you. You open out to the side and then you press it out. Now we're doing that same exact thing, but instead of pressing when you're out to the side, you're press when that dumbbells in front of you. And the reason for that is because we're actually doing these on the slight incline because every time I train delts, I want to start off with the exercise, you're going to blow up my entire delt. Everything from the anterior head back to that poster ahead. And these definitely do that because when you're leaning forward and doing a press for that supinated grip, you're going to light up the anterior head as you open it around, you're going to see that lateral head and then finish it off in that posterior delt. No matter what you do after this, you can pretty much guarantee it's going to be a rough workout. So I don't know about you, but I always have an incredible connection to any sort of exercise like the one we just did. It makes my shoulder pull my elbow around my body. But instead of doing something like a W fly because you only need weight for that, you can grab a couple of your kids legos and do those. They're so damn hard, which makes it a good thing to do when you have no equipment, but most people are so bound up and inflexible that it's not even an option. So what we can do is take those rotations from the Arnold presses, set up on a slight incline and to ensure it's predominantly a rear-doubt movement, we can think about us having two parts. First, the initial rotation and then making those rear-dults work even harder and enhancing the contraction by pulling slightly back. A little side note to get the most out of this movement, make sure actually holding those elbows out in front of you. If you try to keep those elbows tucked in, those shoulders will collapse as you come up and it's not going to feel good. So drive those elbows forward, that way you can open up that shoulder completely as you rotate around. Alright, Q&A time. Alright, question number one, ideal bulking diet ideas. As I've gotten over my stance has changed on this, no longer go through five, six, seven months, however long the plan is, bulking of looking awful, feeling awful and not enjoying the process, to only put on slightly more muscle. I think you're better off staying relatively lean, only slightly increasing your calories, optimizing your pre-imposed workout, nutrition, cranking up the intensity of your workout, but not becoming a big fat mass. Although it is funny to see what the average person thinks is muscle because when I was at my fetus, people come up and be like, you're jacked. There was not a vein on my body, so you can get away with it because people are dense. Is it okay to train if you're sore? I'm going to say yes because I do it all the time. Sometimes I'll actually train in the morning and then decide, okay, I'm going to film that. So then I'll come over here to the exact same workout, just hit it basically twice in a day, which sucks on leg day. Do you ever incorporate heavy sets? One to five reps. Yeah, when I messed up and choose the wrong way. When's the merge coming out? What I'll probably do is set up a Shopify store, throw three shirts in there and make it live for like five days. Just to see how many people buy, how much of a pain it is, if people like it, I'll do a new drop every month or whatever it is. I just didn't get it in this itself, shirts. If that was my thing, I'd be at them all already, push in my shirts and some sort of magical salt from the Dead Sea on a stop on resistance bands. I mean, everything we use in the gym on the machines you have access to is just different ways to make you flex that muscle against resistance. It's a resistance band. It's not very much fun. So you're going to have to walk up that increase the tension. Just get that muscle to fail. You're going to get results. Is there any benefit to doing a hundred crunches every day? Absolutely. Every time I've had to come back from an injury, I always go way overboard and hit that smaller muscle as much as you can possibly. I'll hit it every day if I have to and it catches up quick. Diet diet diet. What to eat when a mouthful building muscle and keeping fat off is very well put. That's an impossible question to answer in a broad way that applies to everybody, but even if there's somebody specifically here, you still want to use trial and error and test and see what they respond to best. What I'll probably do is when the app comes out, I'll make some general diet videos at my commentary and experience with each and then whatever style you want to choose and start off with and test your body with. I'll give you some guidelines to follow to ensure that you're going to get results with no matter which one you use, but it just comes back to preference and what you respond to better. Also, someone asked if it's going to be free. No, it's nine bucks. If you get a forward nine bucks for jokes, exact training sets, reps, all the videos I'm going to do all the motivational motivational being an asshole on camera and telling you to get off your ass, then I don't know what to tell you. Don't be a free seven day trial. How's that? How much time should be spent on the gym floor? I mean, if it's a smaller body part like arms, that's 30 minutes. Legs 45 hour, but you can get pretty much everything done if you're training solo under an hour unless you're just screwing off and flirting with everybody and that concludes our Q&A. So I've talked extensively about using partial reps for that lateral head, but I don't know if ever we're going to detail about how I using hit the anti or dealt because I think most season lifters, they just don't press. That's probably because earlier in the lifting career, they pressed heavy ass weight until one day they just hurt themselves and they're like, get some done with that and they're scared to ever press again, but if you use partial reps, you can create a better connection that answered out, but also pre exhausted. So you're not to use quiet as heavy weight and I always like to do my presses when I'm slightly lean back with my chest up because I'm okay with getting a little upper chest involved. I just don't think this is very effective and safe way to press. I remember as a kid using this old school machine, which usually I'm a fan of, I usually think they're better, but this one was built wrong. It made you lean forward and press behind your head. After one set, I walked to the front desk and said, I need to add order sign. You're like, what's wrong with the machine? It hurt me. So what you're going to do is start out with 20 reps at the top of the moment. These are really short contracts and we're just flexing that anterior dealt, then you're going right into flows. Once you fail with full reps, you're not done yet. You're going to do partial reps at the bottom moment, but I want you to balance these up and down. Once you actually contract that anterior dealt, just get a little bit of movement flexing them back down. You should be able to get another 20 there and then you should be spent. In the last but not least, because I've been doing these a lot recently, I'm going to finish off with a ladder raise that is more of a pull in less of a raise. And I'm going to go fairly lightly on these because I want to hold a static contraction at the top for two seconds, but if you want to throw some weight around, just make sure you have a great connection to it first and then grip and rip it. If you liked this video, you're going to want to watch these two next, but most importantly, make you subscribe and even more important. Hit that notification bell otherwise it does nothing and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.