Not a gimmick, it's just probably not why you think. There's a lot of negative sides to being on a vegan diet, like eventually you're going to run into a nutrient deficiency. Probably the reason why I have three hairs left on my head. But that alone isn't enough to add meat back into my diet because I've shaped my head before and we all know that testicle looks glorious. It also has nothing to do with building muscle because I did all right. Not horrible. And before we get any comments, welcome back to Team Carnivore. No, I don't want to be on your dumb team. And no, I don't want to come to your house and grill and hang out in your mom's basement. I think what really opened my eyes was when I bought this little bastard. I knew that this thing in the research I was doing in conjunction with it had the potential to make me realize that maybe I have no idea what the hell I'm talking about. It wasn't that bad, but I have completely changed the way I trained because of it and got me thinking what else am I doing wrong? Because originally I didn't go vegan because I thought it was a healthier way to eat. I did it because it kind of matched up with my personality, my love animals. A good example is I have 13 fucking rescue dogs. Come on big Chuck. Don't eat that. This is Chuck. He was shot by the police. That's why he's missing arm. This breath smells like garbage. What else? Good job today, bud. And don't get me wrong. There are some benefits to being on a vegan diet. If you have any cholesterol issues, they almost instantly disappear. And you can definitely build muscle while you're doing it. You just have to supplement some sort of plant-based protein. But the more research you do, the less you trust anyone. And I'm not even talking about the digestibility school or plant-based proteins being lower than animal-based. So you have to eat more animal-based, so you have to eat more animal-based calories. You end up getting chubby or that's okay. There's chubby chasing women out there. You're going to find one. It was when I found this hunkish yet, which is a case study done in Spain. So the entire thing is in Spain. She have to go with translated. It sucks all the baby dicks. They looked at 52 different manufacturers of protein. And found that yeah, the amount of protein you said you put in is true. And the amount of amino acids is also perfectly stated. But that's not the whole story. In every single one, a percentage of lysine, which is an essential amino acid that you need to build muscle, was blocked. Means it's not bio-available. You can't absorb it. Some companies are around 10% somewhere as high as 30%. It's a big fucking deal. Now, can we trust the Spaniards? I don't know. But I've never thought of that before. I just assumed that if they've done all the work to actually see the amount of amino acids in there, that's as far as they go. And even though that was a thing until recently. The point being is the only way to have a healthy vegan diet is to supplement some sort of protein-shake. You just can't do it with whole food alone. You end up getting too many calories, so then there's a problem there with obesity and death. Or you just don't have enough, and that's a whole issue we want to avoid. And now I've lost all trust with protein manufacturers, so what the hell? Let's see, a month and a day, 10 of what I gave myself to be a trial of 30 days, but I already feel great. It's going to continue. And you can really see why those digestibility scores while they are flawed to the ninth degree. Kind of taste them truth. I mean, go eat a pound of broccoli and a pound of steak and see which one tries to kill you first. The reason I'm making this video is because I think it opens the door to other videos that people have asked for like, show me a full day of eating. I'm not very exciting video if I drink six shakes a day. Who cares? Make sure you subscribe because for the next video I'm going to strap on that EMG machine and we're going to figure out which shoulder exercises are actually the best. Programs are linked below, and if I disappointed you in any way, I don't give a shit.