All right, today we're going over everything you need to know when it comes to protein and building muscle. Let's get after it. Good. Better, closer, perfect. Now I've given general recommendations in the past, like make sure you're making protein de-priority when you're playing out your macros, but if you're anything like me, you're never satisfied. You're always trying to push that upper limit. So you're trying to figure out your protein intake, you're immediately faced with a shitload of questions. Like, what's the maximum amount of protein I can utilize per meal? Once I figured out that limit is the way to biohack my body to push it even higher with the use of something like digestive enzymes or this is very from protein source to protein source. Obviously the source of protein matters, so does the subsequent amino acid profile, but is the way to stack the deck on our favor that way we can put on even more muscle, say, supplementing with losing. Fuck, I know. So we're going to go a little journey to figure out the exact answer to all these questions. First, I see what everybody else is saying, that way we can make sure we're adding to the conversation. Then we'll check out the research to see if that guides us. And then finally, lean into my personal favorite, trial and error to see if it actually bears out in the real world. So let's first start up by seeing what these other assholes are saying. What are you thinking is going to take out the shirt and flex for a protein video? It's a real low cut life feeder. So I think a little Jeff was on to something when he talked about using lean body mass, as opposed to just regular body mass to calculate the grams per pound you should take in per day. Problem is you were lying on people who know exactly how fat they really are. My experience, no clue. In my experience, you have somebody with a dad about they're going to say, I'm about 12% not as lean as I like to be. And if you have somebody who's one happy meal away from being on my 600 pound life, they're going to say, you know, it's really gotten away from me. I'm probably about 20%. So as much as I like the idea, I still think it's going to be wildly inaccurate if you're lying on people not to lie to themselves. So they don't feel so bad about the size of their muffin top. And the Andrew guy that was on Joe Rogan's podcast, but up a study that shows people might have an easier time adjusting protein the morning versus the evening, but that just becomes another question to add to our long list of fucking questions. So let's get to the research. Yeah, this is boring. Be so easy to live in these studies. Up, if I was one of these scientists, I would do everything exactly the same, but I'd feed one guy a shit sandwich for every single meal and record the findings. So if you've done any research yourself, you probably found the same thing I did. Most of studies, not the most helpful. I have to time to contradicting your previous study. Another time they're just throwing up their hands like we have no idea. Other times they use elderly women. Really? But I gather enough of it. So we can definitely gain some insight. Hopefully. As much as I love digging through the weeds all day, I realized that was just feeding my own confirmation bias. But let me share that with you anyways. To the person that says you can only absorb 20, 25 grams per meal and there's no reason to eat more than that. I mean, if you want to keep that belief and keep swimming in that smeating, I'm sure to viewers by all means go for it. But if you're open to admitting your an asshole, you might want to check out this study that shows that age, body mass as well as other things matter. And it could be upwards of 0.275 grams per pound of body mass per meal, which means a 200 pound man, beginning in 53 54 grams of protein in a single meal. No fucking way. This study shows BCA's do nothing. But I'm still going to hold that hope. Like the high school version myself holding out hope for the girl I was best friends with. The subtly realized she doesn't want to be just best friends. She actually loves me and wants to plow. This one talks about the antibiotic window and guess what? It's a thing. And there's really nothing special here and nothing you haven't heard before. Take 20 to 40 grams pre and postwork out. But what it does says if you're going to air on one side, air on the side of taking too much, because there's a little to no detriment in doing that. So to me, that's an open invitation to taking way too much. Thank you. Here's the thing. As much as I wanted to end today's video, given a bunch of ironclad numbers, that everybody can follow and easily get results, it's just not that simple. The truth is no one's coming for you. So if you're serious about making a transformation, then you're going to take ownership and start treating your body like a damn science experiment and seeing what actually works for you. But I can't give you some fundamental things to follow. First, make sure always using the principle of highest and best. Get the highest and best quality protein you possibly can with every single meal. If you're in a deficit, make sure the majority of your calories are coming from protein. So put a little more thought in your pre and postwork out nutrition. Me personally, if there's carbs on my diet, that's where they're going. And finally, sometimes people are supplements like BCA's, not because we know they work, because they probably don't, it's just a good healthy habit that we don't want to give up, because we could be doing math. And if you haven't checked out the full or garage gym program, I'll leave those link below again. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. Also, if you need help with your diet, here's a video that goes over how to get your macros set up. And most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. That's it for now.