All right, today we're going to exercise this that every man should be doing. And even if you're doing some of these, you could be doing them wrong and limiting how much you grow from them. So let's fix your form, unf*** your life and get growing. So if you're somebody who avoids leg extensions because you're told it's a dangerous exercise, then more than likely, he also can't figure out why you keep getting beat at Tic Tac toe, even though you take the center every time. Oh, why for some reason, your wife's breath, smells like it has a hint of dick on it. What I'm trying to say in a nice way is that you're easily duped because this is a phenomenal exercise. Just take a step back and think about it this way. This piece is one of the most prevalent machines there is. Good luck walking into a gym anywhere and not seeing a leg extension. Even shitty apartment gems. They have a couple plastic dumbbells and old treadmill that's built, skips when you walk on it and a dilapidated exercise ball. Still, you usually have a leg extension. And from a live belly standpoint, if knees were actually blown up left and right, that wouldn't be the case. But when people talk about these, you can't even glance at them. If you do, you can spend the rest of your life in those leg braces before a scum. What I think happened is a few people ruined it for everybody. You know who you are. You went way too heavy to the point your butt got lifted off the pan the only way to contract that way up, but you had to grab those handles and yank yourself down and you continue this abusive relationship until your knees just said, I'm out. So what I want you to do instead, that's not going to keep you safer but lead to better results is staying those higher rep ranges. Minimum 20 reps, I like to do 30 if you want to get crazy, do 50. But even more important than that instead of holding the handles, I want you to hold on to just your legs because you'd be surprised that it's tension you lose by gripping those handles and throwing that weight up. It also ensures that you have to use a weight that's light enough that your own body weight can keep your butt down and you're not like everybody else who just grips those handles and hyper extens those knees because we don't want that either. Want a nice slow controlled contraction and if it's too light and you feel like you're going to get more reps than you want, just slow it down. It'll get hard. So if you're somebody who avoids a Smith machine because that fixed path makes it more dangerous or you think you get more activation out of free weights, then more than likely when you're a baby your dad was tasked to watch you while your mom did something and then he proceeded to continue her football and he fumbled your ass. He quickly recovered you and blamed your deafening cries on a rogue B but the fact remains you were never the same to this day or death still drinks because not only is it safe, we can also exploit the fact that that path is fixed and do exercises that you really can't do in other machines and get a horribly painful connection. Like for shoulders we can do a unilateral press where since all we have to focus on is the up and down motion, we can work against it and really lean back during the negative and make that contraction harder by leaning forward or like wide grip upright rows which are great to do with dumbbells or a barbell but after a while you start to drop those elbows as risk it wonky and turn to do a steaming pile of shit with the Smith you have a very clear reference if you're doing it right or wrong just by looking over your arm and if it's in line with the Smith you're good to go and if you don't have the shoulder flexibility to do it you can work with the Smith just lean slightly forward but that shoulder in more comfortable position and then all you have to do is focus on driving that contraction into that lateral head and when it comes to back doing a pause or penalty a row on these will appeal to both the novice and advanced leftier because for the newer leftier who can't get barbell rows just right they end up better their knees too much and they lose their back at some point they can narrow their focus on these get their form right and then go to traditional rows for the advanced leftier they can slow this movement down to a crawl exaggerate the contraction and make this one of the most brutal back exercises there is I'm going to assume you want a good chest exercise as well that's the case we're gonna need this thing because if you thought it was for safety it's not it's for fuckery which allows us to do one of my favorite pressing moments which is a Smith press with a complete pause because normally when you train by yourself even if you're doing a Smith you get close to failure but it gets a little tight then you go shit and you rack it with these you're supposed to fail you're gonna bring it all the way down rest a second take a couple deep breaths force out another rep can't do it just take a little bit longer rest and try to force out you might get two or three more reps than you normally would and it's less like that so I made videos on the past going over dumbbell flies and kickbacks which I think are phenomenal exercises but instead of rehashing those I'll link them above and go over a mistake that most people make with every single exercise and it has to do with what you deem a successful workout because my wife and I go to a gym by our house and there's a guy there that we hate both of us hate him he knows we hate him because we try to burn them with our eyes every time we see him and it's simply because when he gets done with his set he slams his weight but I have to respect the fact that he pushes himself to failure every single time he still looks awful because you can tell he has a horrible diet but he has my respect even though I hope every time he leaves the gym he trips false dumbbells and gets hit by a bus at least he's doing that so am I saying that all your working set should be done to complete failure yeah to me it never made sense to leave anything in the tank we're trying to cause damage so when I say I'm going to get 20 reps it means I'm going to get 14 reps force out three more awkward ones and then a couple more that will disappoint your entire family at the end of the day if you're not getting results simply kick your ass a little bit harder if you need help I'll leave a link to 30 day program in the description but most importantly subscribe flick that notification bell and get after to get growing talk to you soon