Today we're going over why you're still fat most people underestimate how hard it is to outwork There's diet for instance. We've all had one of these delicious Costco muffins. This beautifully baked hyperglacimic coma is roughly 900 calories Do you have any clue how hard it is to burn 900 calories if you try to do it using an assault bike you'd have to go For 15 minutes straight It makes you realize that you should have done the adult thing when somebody offered you that muffin and And if you think you're gonna be able to walk at a slow and steady pace to burn those extra calories you eat You're dead wrong. Let's see how many calories I burn when I take a stroll to my favorite restaurant Little bit of good news. I burned about 310 calories walking here So I was able to eat 31 peanuts before cinnamon left a shit streak on my shirt There's really only two reasons that you haven't seen your dick in years reason number one You've been given some horrible advice Like this article it says the number one reason you're not losing weight is because you're focusing on the scale You need to start looking at the scale is not only a tool you used to track your daily progress But also something that gives you insight into what's happening to your body throughout the day getting your weight First thing in the morning and right before you go to bed We'll give you a clear indication whether or not you have an intolerance to certain foods as well as shed some light on how much fluid Retaining which could be a sign that your caffeine sodium or even water intake is off and that's just one example I found so be careful what you believe the internet's full of fuckery reason number two is simple recently You suck. Do you used to be incredible at staying clean and a really strict diet But you've let those little minuscule calories creep into your daily life. It started out innocent enough Little almond milk with your coffee half a tablespoon of peanut butter with your afternoon shake But before you know it your toss in your wife's salad with a half a bottle of Mrs. Butter's worth and those calories at You see when you're trying to decrease body fat. There's a very clear line that you can't cross your maintenance calories Here's how crazy it is. It's simple math. If you're one calorie below for the rest of your life You'll slowly continue to decrease body fat If you're one calorie above for the rest of your life, then you'll slowly but surely Become a fat mess So if it's just a math problem then start counting macros, right? I Wish it was that simple if we've learned anything from your wife's but whole You can't be trusted to get back on the right track You need to write it a diet that not only has the macro percentages that you need to lose fat, but also the exact food You're gonna eat every single meal and don't stray from it. So that way you have a very clear picture whether or not you're doing everything right or Scoring up your life and then when someone politely offers you a muffin I Watch this video next if you need more muscle programs or link below and get after a good growing doctor soon