Alright, today we're diving deep on pullovers going over everything from cables, dumbbells, barbell, and some things you definitely haven't tried because if you want a nice wide back, the keys to master those pullovers and get a great connection to them. And honestly, this is an intervention because if I see one more of you young kids walking in the gym like you're holding two suitcases, I'm going to lose it. I'm going to get a job at the gym right then just to call your mom. Hi, is this Timmy's mom? I hate to be the one to break it to you, but you f***ed up. I don't know how it happened, maybe let him play with his make-belief friend for too many years, but his imaginary lats have gotten out of control. Given another week before we have to kick my other gym. Yeah, because other members are starting to complain. Because it looks like he's running around the gym, pretend to be a f***ing airplane. Alright, we're starting off with a cable because it's the most versatile and easiest way to build that mine muscle connection with that lat. Now, first we gotta talk about the handle you choose because most people grab that straight bar and that's all they know how to do. But the handle you choose and the grip you end up taking make a huge difference. I mean, ask your wife how much you'd appreciate it. If every once in a while she could trade your penis out for a different one, your muscles appreciate it just as much too. So one misconception I see a lot of people say, I don't connect with this exercise because I always fill up my triceps. That's actually a good thing because if you didn't, you're broken into something's wrong. Your triceps are going to play a role they have to. But the biggest thing is limit how much they get involved by putting the bulk of that stress on your lats. So the rope is one of my favorite attachments because it allows you to put those hands in whatever position makes you the most comfortable. And that could mean less stress on those shoulders, but also just a better connection of those lats. Now, it also allows you to be a little bit more dynamic in the movement as well. So you can start with those hands nice and close at the top. And as you come down, you pull them apart to engage those lats more or you can start at the top by pulling the rope apart, already engaging those lats and coming straight down from there. And for those of you that are retired, you go scout. You get the most benefits out of this attachment because if you can find a way to tie this damn thing into a knot, then doing a single arm version will instantly get your great connection. Because during the negative, you can actively work against that lat by driving towards the side you're working. And as you can track up, you're going to lean back and work with your lat and actually get a little tilt to that back to make sure you really engage all the way down into that lower part of your lat. I promise this will be one of the best exercises you do for lats. Scouts honor. I just realized I can do it on this side. So, I does not want to do that. Another one of my favorites is the Easy Bar Curl attachment because it allows you to do two things. First, you can put those hands nice and close, which is going to automatically flare those lats out. Now, if you're going to say I can do that with a straight bar, but go ahead and try. Your traps are going to laugh at you because it might not seem like a big deal, but with those pumps are straight down, it's just easier for those traps to jump in and engage. It's like tilt down with those hands. It's going to drop those shoulders down and make it drive into those lats. And another thing that allows you to do is supinate the shitter of those palms without warning about any wrist pain whatsoever because that slight angle the bar has. Now, you can follow the natural arc of those lats. Similar to some of the pull variations I've shown before. And it just gives you a totally different feel because it's going to naturally pull the shoulders back, keep those traps out of it. And you're going to really feel like you're pulling around your body. And just as important, we have to go over actually how to do the pullovers themselves because there's a ton of different ways. And I'm going to go over three of them because honestly, I'm hungry. The first one you'll recognize because it's the way that most people do it. You say your stuff up on a 40-foward degree angle, you pull that bar all the way down. And there's nothing wrong with that. It's a great moment, especially when you pair that with some of the handles we talked about, you'll get even better results. But don't get stuck solely doing those because there's so many other great ways to do them as well. Like standing nice and tall and focusing on the bottom part of the contraction. Now, these are great for somebody that no matter what they do, their traps eventually jump in. And if you start with a couple sets of these where you're just sitting there, shorter range emotion, really just flexing those latches, grabbing a bunch of blood, getting a great connection to them and then going to the foals, you'll find you get a better result. And the last ones for us to like for you. For instance, if you ever go out and get a little tipsy, you hear the music going, you're like, I'm dancing tonight. And the only moves you have is a dab of the video game controller. This one's not for you. Because you're going to need a little coordination for this one because what we're going to get in those latches the entire time. So during the negative, you're going to lean forward as much as you can to really force that stretch during the contraction. You're going to lean back and feel like you're pulling that bar towards your body. All right, let's get into the dumbbells. Now the first thing is there's a bunch of different ways you can do them single, double and I'll show you some grip variations. But one of the nice things is doing them off the side of the bench like this. This allows you to really push more of a stretch because as you go back, you can really drop those hips and increase that stretch. And instead of me just saying, go grab a heavy S dumbbell and good luck. I want to do a grab two separate ones because we're going to try three different grip variations and see what you connect with the most. The first one you're going to have those dumbbells pronated and you're going to drive those dumbbells together, it's going to move like that. Old school pull over machine that we all really connected well with. The second one, you're going to go neutral grip but still drive those together. It's just going to help you bring your elbows in just a little bit for those people that flar him way too wide. And the last one, you're going all the way supinated, still drive it them together. But this one will definitely keep those elbows tucked in and follow that natural arc. And there's two things I want you to do in these to make sure you have a great connection. Doesn't matter if you're using dumbbells, a barbell, it applies to both. First, keep the elbow on a fixed position and I would air on the side of being more bent than last. The straighter that arm goes, the more you're going to feel in your tricep. The second, partial reps are your friend on these. You don't want to just come all the way up because if you do, it's going to pull in those tricep chest. Everything you can think of you don't want in this will jump in. So make sure it's a partial rep, a quarter rep. You're really just coming up high enough to engage that lat and then back into a stretch. If I've learned anything from watching the show intervention, you got to trick people. I'm going to title this thing, the lat training master class and they'll show up and they're f***ed. I'll let's bring out the barbell because I don't discriminate. I load all things equally and then attempt to make sure I don't rehash anything we've already talked about because a lot of those things applied in the barbell as well. Let's go over a specific variation and make sure you don't discount the barbell. It's not a less than thing. It's actually one of my favorite ways of doing it but you have to really find that connection and make those lats work. So the way I would do it is set that bench up on a slight incline that we got a little bit more room to work and then I would hold the bottom for a three and be a four count and the pain will find you. It doesn't pretty rough intervention. I feel like it's your off of you a cigarette or something. What are they saying that show? We're all here because we care about you and we're worried. It's not me. I just don't have to call your mom and tell her that she did a shitty job. So if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, it's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks and it'll kick your ass. But most importantly, make sure you watch these two videos next. If you haven't and like, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it get growing. God, do soon.