All right, so today we're going to run through a full shoulder day because why not set some reps are going to be in the description and don't you go down on me now. All right, so we're starting out with a cable variation of rear delts because I don't care how screwed up you are. There's going to be some angles, some pass, some variation that you could do. This is going to be predominantly rear delts. Keep those secondary muscles out of it, specifically those traps. And it's a pretty safe bet to assume that most people are not going to have overdeveloped rear delts. So it's a good place to start. But the thing I want you to be aware of is your posterior delts are finicky assholes. Sometimes you'll walk in the gym and have incredible connection by tilting forward, doing partial reps towards the initial part of the contraction. Next time you walk into two shoulders, nothing. It's all traps, it's in your neck, you feel like you're stroking out. At that point, don't just put your head down and try to grind your weight through it. What I would do is actually go to the extreme other in this spectrum, grab a little bit of incline bench and do partial reps with towards the finishing part of the contraction and see how you connect with that. You're going to find something you connect with better. Don't just force your weight through it because the one way you can halt progress all together is by continuing to do something you don't connect with. I could just title this, don't be a prick or the politically correct way of saying it don't be stubborn because even when I set up to do side laterals traditionally, I do that nice and long arm coming out to the side. Put as much pressure on that lateral head as possible by really extending that dumbbell at nice and far. But today, all traps. So instead, I opted for a variation that really mimics a machine lateral raise because if you have one of these at your gym, you know it's a great piece of equipment because it's really easy to be connected that lateral head the entire time. Keeps out of your traps so we can mimic that same exercise on dumbbells by actually keeping arms in a fixed 90 degree position and using the rotation of your wrist to really create that same movement. So as you come up, you preenate those hands towards the floor and make sure a couple things you're making sure that your elbow is the highest point. If your hand comes up too high, it's going to jump in those anterior delts. If you keep it nice and low, below that elbow, it's going to be all that lateral head. And the second thing is, makes you don't pinch so shoulder blades back. If you do, it's going to be all traps. If you're going to screw yourself at that point. So make sure you push your shoulders forward and you keep that nice, clean motion, hands are lower than your elbows. You're good to go. Alright, so we're finishing off with a hybrid of a press and a front raise. And I love this exercise for anybody who has any sort of shoulder inflexibility because over the years I would people come in and usually have a little bit of anterior delts development. But the way they develop it is by doing traditional presses and then becoming parallel with the floor. So that anterior delts gets no stretch whatsoever. So with these, we're going to really exaggerate it. So what I want you to do is keep the elbow in a fixed position, 90 degrees. As you come up, you're going to flex it up, keep that same position. But at the very top, you extend it up, finish that flex off. I'm sure you've seen these before. It's great exercise. But in the negative portion, this is where you got to really exaggerate it. As most people will just do that and sit there and lean forward. That's not the best part of it. The best part of it in the most beneficial part is as you're coming down, you're really forcing that stretch. So even pull it in towards you even more, pull it back towards your body, stretch that anterior delts and then flex over top of it from there. Get that little extension of the top to really complete the contraction. But again, it's all about that stretch. So as always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video what next. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.