I know this is gonna piss some people off, but having a hard time building muscle is a symptom. It's not the problem. There's a flaw in the way your body functions, and it could be something as complex as having chronically high cortisol levels or having high concentrations of sex hormone binding globulin to something that's a little bit more easily identifiable, problems with your training and your nutrition. Also, I don't know why I thought this would be a cool shot, but in reality, it looks like this. In my opinion, hard gainers of blanket term used to justify an action. It's a lazy man's way of saying, I'm not willing to put in the effort or take the time to figure out exactly why I'm not growing. But in reality, it's as easy to figure out as a game of guess who. Is your person? Don't say it. Is your person? I swear to God if you can't say it. Is your person below? Now obviously, some people are just responders. You could run them into the ground, and they're still gonna grow. For instance, if you sound a normal person up to a daily spin class after about two weeks, they'd end up with little penis size legs. But that responder would walk out of there with cows to size your head. And even if for the longest time, consider myself a hard gainer because if you look in my dad and look past the fact that he looks like Gandalf, he's a very small human. I'm not denying that some people get results faster than others. What I'm saying is there's a reason why you're not responding. And yeah, you're not gonna probably put on the amount of muscle that genetically gifted freak who has everything in this body working in his favor. But you can absolutely find in fix what's holding you back and build a hell of a lot more muscle than you currently are. Let's start out with the easy fixes, and then we'll get into the weeds because it's just talking things up to be an hard gainer is like going to a sex addicts and anonymous meeting and saying you're attracted to women. No shit, but when your kid did your mom kick you in the balls with one of her high heels shoes and now you have some weird foot fetish that you can only get off when a woman puts out one of your nuts like a cigarette. Let's get into it. When it comes to training, I think the most important thing to look at is the intensity at which you train with. And while soreness isn't an indication of growth, to me it's the best possible indicator that you've applied enough stimulus to the muscle to potentially grow. You can never control adaptation, but you sure is how can control intensity. I just figured I'd show you what it's like to be your poor nut sector and a leg press. The key is to use soreness as a metric, whether or not the intensity and or volume of your workouts is meeting that growth threshold. It's also a way to ensure you're actually hitting the target. For instance, if you wake up the next morning after training chest and your anterior delts are more pain than your pecs than congratulations, you're not a hard gainer. You just suck at training. Or you feel like you can barely move after every single workout and you've been at it for a while that's a clear sign your body's lack in the ability to recover properly. And that's either because you're not giving yourself enough time between each session and the moment you do you start seeing results or there's something often, turnily. For instance, one of the metabolic pathways could be off and the cholesterol in your body instead of turning into something fun like testosterone, more often than not gets converted into cortisol. And you freak the fuck out. Let's see you check that box and you're kicking your ass the proper amount after every workout and you're still not getting results. I can't stand this position, I'm going to ship my pants. You're probably in one of these two categories. You either train too much or too little. And I know that's an oversimplification, but in the past when people would come to me claiming to be a hard gander, it was either because they overtrained and did two of the days and it would even alternate hands in masturbate with, make sure they got the reps in. Or they got their workouts from muscle and fitness magazine and they were so afraid of overtraining that they would leave reps in the tank on every single exercise. And this is something you can easily test. For one month try upping the volume and then that following a month, do a three day split where you take a day off after every single workout and see what you respond better to. I guarantee one of them will get you better results. I will throw my two cents in and say I think people underestimate how phenomenal their body is and how much it's willing to adapt. More often than not the fastest way to build more muscle is to increase volume and then find ways to actively increase recovery to keep up. For example, if money wasn't an issue and you had a large breast as a woman to follow you around and stretch your post workout, deep tissue massages, give you cortisol reducing rubbed and tugs. Don't you think you grow more? Speaking of training and defelure, I think a lot of people think they do, but they actually don't. One rep left in the tank, one RIR because training defelure on arms, that's pretty damn easy but legs, that's a whole other animal. Ask yourself, when's the last time you push yourself to complete failure on quads? And if you're able to get to the top and lock it out, you didn't reach failure. You should be stuck at the bottom crawling out. Because here's the thing about training defelure and I know a lot of people are against it and when you're brand new to the gym, you don't need it. But when you're pushing against the ceiling of your genetic potential, I don't think you can continually make consistent gains without pushing to absolute failure. And there's no set timeline. Everybody reaches that ceiling at a different point. You could be six months in up a pound of muscle and your body decides, that's all it's willing to comfortably give. So at that point, you have to get uncomfortable. Another common mistake that isn't hard gainer specific, but they sure is how doing a lot is they lose side of the goal. They see a weight and think that weight needs to go up and down, you regard this whatever accessory or secondary muscles get involved. Your goal should be the exact opposite. You should be trying to isolate that muscle as much as humanly possible, allowing the majority of the stress to hit that targeted muscle instead of trying to take it through a full range of motion when it's pretty much no longer involved. So instead of continuing to take it through a full range, you actually shorten that range to keep pace of what that muscle is able to do. Because at the end of the day, who cares if you dry hump the weight all the way up if your secondary muscles did it? Last point on training, and this should give you hope that you're not screwed, you're just really, really shitty at lifting. I guarantee that even though you're a hard gainer, there's at least one muscle group in your body you're seeing progress because everybody has a gift. Some people are stupid, like mine, which is trapped. The fact that you're making progress in one area is a good indication that you could be making it everywhere. And it really isolates your problem down to either training or in a figurative nutrition. Let's dive into that. Now I'm not going to teach you how to eat like an adult, but let's run through some of the common mistakes that you're probably making that's keeping you as small and feeble human being. The biggest of which you're not eating enough protein. Most people when they hit a wall, they try to force progress by loading up on fat and carbs and end up becoming a chubby mess. And they think because they eat half a bill bar for lunch, their protein needs are being met. To illustrate how important it is, you're hitting your protein numbers, think about this. The protein requirement from muscle protein synthesis and incorporating amino acids in a bound skeletal muscle can only either come from what you eat or what you already have. So at all times you're fighting against muscle catapulism and the only way to keep that at bay is keeping an adequate level of amino acids in your blood. Meaning if you're the guy that remembers to eat his first meal around noon, you can shut the fuck up. You're not a hard gainer. You're an asshole. So if you're not getting at least a gram per pound, that's the first thing I would look at. In terms of carbohydrates and fats, while they're not on the top of my list, you still want to pay attention to them. When it comes to your uncle bends, if you haven't already, move them to your pre-in post-workout meal, especially post-workout because of increased insulin sense of activity as well as those glute forward transporters in your muscle cell, will actually be pushed to the surface as you train allowing you to absorb glucose directly into the muscle without the presence of insulin. It's the anabolic window. But that doesn't mean eight bags of these fucking things. No, it's terrible. In fact, obviously important for overall health and a shit ton of other things, but honestly I just wanted to get this out of the house before my wife got her little chubby fingers on it. If you're a hard gainer, not something you really have to focus on, but you can't completely neglect it either. Of all the people that are watching this that were previously hard gainers, I guarantee 95% of you can take one of the things we've already talked about, implement it and start getting results. But that 5% that's sitting there still thinking you're screwed. If I were you, let me run through some of the tests that I would do next and some of these things are fucking insane. I guarantee by the end of it, you'll know exactly why you're not getting results. And then you have Climini. The first place I would look is blood and you can really geek out on this and look forwards and backwards and see that your low protein diet is causing you to increase your levels of sex hormone binding, globularing, which is causing you to have less free testosterone and that's the reason why you're not recovering from your workouts and why you're still looking at ninth graders. The next thing I would do is spit in a bag a few times a day to see where your cortisol levels are because you could be a walking ball of stress and cortisol is catabolic and it will inhibit protein synthesis. And there are some actionable things you can do other than try to sit and find your inner peace while the world shifts in your cereal. And lastly, I would do a urine analysis and my favorite, shitting in a box and shipping it to a lab that way they can tell me if whether or not what I'm eating is actually getting digested and if not how to combat it. I guarantee there's someone watching this that just remember that one time they got drunk in a party and tried to butt chug an entire bottle of saracha. This is a good test for you. And I know that was a really quick way to go over all those tests and I'll link the place I like to use below. But if you want me to make an entire video where I take every single one of those tests, we get the results and then we get into it, comment below. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the new Full Gym program that just dropped, it's obviously live, it's only 20 bucks. Get after it.