All right, today we're going over some leg training tips that are specifically for hard gainers because the last thing you want to have happen is we'll take off your pants and tug on your leg instead. So if you're ready, let's get after it. Now I always feel like everyone can benefit from a good heart to heart and a reminder that you could definitely be training those legs harder. But for hard gainers specifically, there's some unique insights that I can give you that you're going to help you get those legs growing. The first thing I do is figure out what the hell you're supposed to be doing because every time you see somebody in the gym that's just killing themselves on legs, they're one of the results to show forward. It's because I want to do reasons. Either it's early in their lifting career or the second more likely is they're screwing up every single exercise. They're moving the weight and not contracting it up. And I know it may seem like an insignificant difference and you probably want to punch me in the, but hear me out. Let's take an exercise like a split squat because you can easily see the difference between somebody who's engaged with the muscles that are involved versus somebody just wants to get it over with. Kind of like the way my mother-in-law can tell them just being nice to her because my wife told me I have to. Which is fine. Just know that three days before she comes, I'm going to be binge watching all the home alones and our house is going to be riddled with booby traps. So as you slow down the movement, you can section it out and really get the most of every part of it. As you go down, you can dictate what muscles you're going to put more stress on and where you're going to exaggerate the stretch for quads. If you shift that knee over your toe, it's going to stress those quads more. For glutes, if you shift your weight over that working leg, it's getting more activation in those glutes. If you open up that knee, it's going to force that stretch into those adductor muscles. And not only does it simply affect what you're stretching, but also what muscles you're going to call on when you're ready to contract up. For instance, as you open up that knee, it's going to put more onus on that vassus me out to get involved as you're driving up. And for the critic that says there's no discernible difference between this. And this, I apologize for taking some of your precious time away from World Warcraft to watch this video. And finally, it's important to be conscious of what you're contracting. If your goal is to get as much engagement of those quads as possible, then you want to position your foot and body in a way that allows you to continuously fire through that quad and limit the involvement of those supporting muscles. And if you want to turn this into an all around ass kicker, then you want to get a little transverse movement involved. So at the bottom, you know, turn towards that working leg, that we can get more of a stretch on that glute and hamstring. As you can track up, you straighten out, drive through that quad. And at the top, you open up even a little bit more so you can flex that glute and then right back down. Now, I know you didn't sign up for a masterclass in split squats, but I think it was important to go into that much depth, make you realize how aware you have to be of what you're doing. You can't continue to throw in some Katy Perry, get in some heavyweight and do quarter reps, squats like an asshole and expect good things to happen. That's one of the reasons that like to have people do compound sets or giant sets because it forces them to connect with the muscle. Even if you're completely oblivious and you're bouncing up and down singing your firework, if I put enough exercises in front of you, the target the same muscle, back to back to back, the only way you can screw it up is by cheating on the format self. So what I would do is split your legs up in a two separate days because what's face, when you're training quads, glutes, hamstrings, I'm even considering doing casts on that day, at least one of them is going to get neglected. When your legs are growing, you can just pick which one is going to be the odd one out by putting it at the end of the workout. But when your legs look like they should come with one of those rubber awareness bracelets, you can afford to have as anything. Split them up to where one day you're doing quads and glutes and then three to four days later hit hamstrings and glutes and then add those calves on an easier training day. And when in doubt, do more. More compound sets, giants, sets, do more volume overall. And if our people say the reason they're not growing is because you're over training, false. I've never met anybody who worked their ass off, trained their legs like crazy and didn't get great results. Even the people I met who clinically suffer from exercise, bulimia have had great legs because your legs can take it. So if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30 day program, I'll leave a link below. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. It's pretty simple. And if you haven't watched these two videos, watch those next. For more importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.