Alright, today we're going to have one of the good idea to start lifting heavy to build muscle. And I'm going to talk about and a little bit of weight and drop in the reps. Talking about having a complete disregard for your own safety and lifting like an asshole. So let's get after it. Alright, let me start by defining the difference between lifting light and lifting heavy because I have a very different definition than most people. When I'm training, my goal is to push that muscle to failure and beyond. So you'll rarely ever see me drop below 10 reps unless I'm stacking some crazy exercise on top or being lazy. And that's not to say that lifting heavy for low reps doesn't work. It absolutely does. If that's your thing, awesome. Go for it. That means your vest is going to be full of gym badges. Proudy by. But when you're number one priorities building muscle and not lifting a car, that's number two or three, then there's a more efficient way to do it. Also, a more sustainable way because the secret to growth is simple. It's just consistently putting stress on that muscle and forcing it to adapt. Consistently, I.E. Don't injure yourself. So when I say lightweight, what I mean is using a weight that you can easily hit that rep range or targeting or even blow by it, but the way you're performing those reps causes you to fail, not the weight. And the reason for that is you can't screw it up. Even if you have some of these brand new to the gym who's never touched a weight in their life, if you get them to master making a lightweight, feel heavy, through whatever method you choose and mechanical disadvantage, you change up the tempo, you stack it at the beginning of a disgusting giant set. They're guaranteed to get results. For instance, take a standing dumbbell bicep curl. I can take 15 pounds and dry hump that all day and get little of the no results. And the biceps, I mean, I'll be. Chafed to hell, but or if instead you took that same 15 pounds and slowed the curl down to a crawl or curl it like normal, but held it five second hold of the top of the contraction or even just change the angle to make it more difficult. Any of those will allow you to use a lighter weight and make just that muscle fail. You can screw this up, you're eligible for an award. And here's the best part. It's universal for every body part. You're stuck at home. You want to do it in a dumbbell press, but you know, the weight for it, just slow it down and contract like you're moving through sludge. And that light weight you have is going to get real heavy real quick. So I've trained in light, so great. When do you train heavy? And that's the tricky part because in a perfect world, I'd be able to follow you to the gym and judge this shit out of you. Have some giant red button. So anytime you ever use too much weight, I can just smash it. Side note, if you know any make a wish kids and that's their wish, I'm your man. What it comes down to is if you can do those same 20 reps with more weight and keep the same connection, you've earned the right to. But again, I believe you yield better results from high reps and high volume than using weight that's going to drop your rep range. So if anything, your form relaxes a little bit and your tempo changes and you're able to force out more reps with heavier weight, but still you're in that high rep range. And the reason for this video is because I was at the gym today and I actually made eye contact with somebody who apparently watches these videos because they had a 5 pound dumbbell and his hand he's pulling to it all excited because we're in the lightweight club together. But then he looked over and he noticed I had five plates on the leg press and you could see him die inside. So I guess I'll my phone and saw the screensaver and it was a picture of his mom's butthole. Needless to say, I thought this topic could use a little clarification. So yeah, sometimes it's good to use heavier weight, but probably not the way you thought when you first clicked on this video. So step one, make that connection, you make a lighter weight, feel heavier and then you can have heavier weight as long as you maintain that connection. So if you like this video, you're going to want to watch these two next, but most importantly make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.