Alright, today we're going over the hot crazy matrix for women that go to the gym because they need their own special chart. And if you're not familiar with what this is, basically it's a graph that's going to help single men navigate all the crazy women that frequent gyms around the world and help them decide whether or not a woman's a good potential mate or if they should keep a safe distance. And based on my experience, I'm the perfect person to make this chart. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So what the original video taught us is that how hot a woman is actually has a direct one-one correlation to how crazy she is. And this was a shepherd of my adolescence. To the point that actually made flashcards just in case I happen upon a woman that I've never met before I can quickly whip them out and cycle through them. Huh. Alright, she's brunette. Though she could be a redhead in disguise. You know how to amze apple. Now, bulge. I think I'm going to go. Excuse me miss, what's your name? Tiffany. Fuck. As incredibly helpful as that was for a young man out there in the world on his own, the moment I stepped foot in the gym I realized Holy hell, this is a different level of crazy. You're going to have to redo this chart because their craziness is actually related to how in shape they are. So if you look closely, you'll notice the first controversial thing I've done so far in this video. And that's labeled a crazy axis from one to ten. Because it's pretty much common knowledge that there's not a woman on earth below a four crazy, but I don't believe that to be the case. Coming up to miss it. But I think if you're in the pursuit of happiness, you're going to find it right in this zone. Now, I'm sure you're wondering who are these women? Well, let me tell you. These are the little grandals you see consistently in the gym. Day in and day out, fighting the good fight against diabetes, spending half their time shuffling around the gym, trying to figure out how to adjust equipment or turn the treadmill on. Now, instinctually, you're not going to give them the time of day. But I implore you to give these lovely ladies a second look because yeah, you got to be careful not to break your hip. But these ladies are experienced and those shower you with baked goods. And if you're the type of man that has trouble breaking up with a woman, don't sweat it. Just let mother nature take its course and you'll be waiting six months max. Now if we graduate a little bit further down the Injay Paxas, to about a three, this is the point where women stop wearing regular clothes with the gym and strictly wear sports bras. Now, you might be tempted to flirt with these women because they seem relatively sane based upon our graph, but it's a trap because 93% of women that look like this are a part-time yoga instructor. And anybody who's ever dated yoga before will tell you that the phrase, I'm doing yoga to find my center is code for if you f*** up, I'll burn all your shit in the center of our front yard. If you move two spots up to a five, you've now reached the every day as a transformation Tuesday woman. Now these particular women are the ones you get most men into trouble because even though you've never met her and you don't know her name, you know that when she takes that gym selfie, she's going to tag everything from the location of the gym to the close she wears to the products she uses to bleach her butthole. So she's not going to be hard to find. And if you want a little help find in a red flag, go back and look at the progression of those transformation photos. That first one is going to be an awe-inspiring before and after photo that took years to make happen. The most recent one is going to be her and a thong spread in her butt cheeks that was taken 12 hours apart. And yeah, well it's nice that she's helping us learn new things like the circumference of your butt hole gets smaller as you die it. Once you know you know, and if you find yourself in a relationship with a five, congratulations, you've just made it to crazy down. And you're now subject to questions like, hey babe, can you come smell this far to see if you think I'm adjusting on my protein? Or, sorry babe, I can't give you a blowjob tonight. I just put a new stick of gum in my mouth and I can't afford to five extra calories. You don't mean to smash it with my callous hands instead. Now if we hop over just one spot to a six, this is where everything changes. But to the untrained eye, you won't be able to tell discernible difference. The key is you have to scroll their feet in a very specific way and see that pivotal moment that happens in every female fitness enthusiast life. So what you have to do is go back and look at her first post. Probably humble beginnings. Maybe a bathroom of selfie or a cardio gym check in. And when you're there, scroll up as violently as you can and then blur your eyes the way you do when you're looking at one of those magic eye pictures. And you'll get a little bit more insight every time you scroll. The first time you go, that picture quality is getting a little bit better. You do it again. How did you get that picture? Maybe she used a timer. I don't know. You do it again. That doesn't even look like a filter. Maybe that's totally how you're paying a photographer for your 400 and 12 Instagram followers. This is a code read. Charital fucked up. The crazy is now gone from linear to exponential. And if you find yourself in a relationship with a six, she's going to want you to get her name tattooed somewhere on your body, but save your money. Because at some point during the relationship, she's going to stab you the fork, which is more than likely going to get infected because it's the same one. She consistently uses the tolapian green mean. So she's going to leave you with a pretty hefty scar. I know what you're thinking. That's it. You can't get any crazier than that. The curb has to flatten eventually. I wish that was the case. But seven and above, that's your figure of fitness and bikini competitors. And you break a mirror that seven years' bad luck. You date one of them. That's four years off your life. You actually eat some of their food instant death. Do you have any idea what that relationship's like? You're not either goes one of two ways. Either you sit there and read your the menu of her favorite restaurant as you cries yourself to sleep. Or you make her favorite lettuce only salad and talk for hours about how much your stomach hurts. So what do we learn here today? Well, unless you're taking my advice and going to Jerry out, you're out. Your best bet is not dating a girl who's into the gym. I would recommend just hanging out by a golden corral and finding a hearty woman to spend the rest of your life with. Now normally, I would say go check out the 30 day program if you haven't already. That would be the call to action, which I'll still link it below. But I think a better call to action is I know you probably follow quite a few female gym goers. What I would do is take your top three and just send them this video and say nothing. I don't know what's going to happen.