All right, today we're going in-depth on front raises because I have fun with that last video. Take it hammer curls, which already adhesives and makes them even better, really tapped in the analytical side of my personality and reminded me of growing up and trying to find a way to get all my action figures to scissor with each other without one of them filling left out. Needless to say, it was a little nostalgic. Also who knew they asked and people how they wiped their ass would be such a contentious topic? That I offended an entire demographic of people who are living the dream using a beday. So I apologize for that. So when I get home, I ask my wife to get out the hose and see what it's like to live the high life. So when it comes to front raises, the one thing we got to be aware of is we're going to be constantly fighting those traps to try to keep them from getting involved. You see this most often in people during the East Century part of the moment, as they bring that weight down that trappling gauge and try to assist them. And this is either because they can't keep that shoulder down or they spent years flexing in the gym for no reason and they train their traps to do whatever the hell they want. And as long as we can negate that, then it's just about making small modifications to develop a better connection. Now for somebody who constantly fights those traps, the first thing I would test is changing the angle of your body because there's only only a small window where they can get involved. For instance, if you're on straight out in front of you, like it would be at the top of the moment, it's hard to flex those traps. But the closer it gets to your body, the easier it is to screw it up. So by tilting forward, you can take that part of the moment out of it completely. And if I'm going to do that, it's going to be leaning against the bench like this because the last thing I want to worry about is keeping my lower back from blowing up as I tilt forward or trying to keep that spinked or tight because the pre-workout I took before it came to the gym has now become a terrorist inside my colon. Also what this allows us to do is test and see if there's a different path that will ultimately give us a better connection. So instead of coming straight up with that dumbbell, we can come out to the side and sweeping motion, give more activation to the anterior dealt as we pull that dumbbell in. On top of that, for those people with really crunchy shoulders, make sure you test between the supinated grip, neutral and pronated grip because one of those is going to lead to less sound effects. So one comment I could see people making is that you don't need to hit your anterior dealt to get all the work they need during your pressing moments, which I can almost buy into. But last time I went to the gym, I looked around and realized there's very few people with great doubts. More prevalent is people with non-existent rear doubts and some development in those front doubts, which probably makes them think that they have over-developed front doubts, but they don't. They just have really, really shitty rear doubts. So as much as I don't mind being an asshole and playing the heel, you never want to go full in W-O. That's why as much as I like setting up a bench at a 45 degree angle, laying back and doing front raises on the cables, I don't often do them. And you can mimic the same thing by laying flat on the floor, but I've pissed off enough people in my life that I'm always on high alert for T-Bags. So instead, you can just simply face the opposite way of the cables. And yeah, this is when we're going to tilt slightly forward. So you run the risk of blowing up that back and you got to keep that spink around lock. But if you pair it up with a handle like this, it's well worth it. Because if you've ever taken a single dumbbell, grip it with two hands and did a front raise, you know that's a phenomenal exercise. Really isolates the anterior dealt and this mimics that perfectly. I just mimic it. It's better. So this last one's my favorite barbell front raise. And I saw somebody do this a long time ago, not to this extreme because they're probably not stupid as me, but the idea is to hit your entire dealt. So you're going to either grab a fixed bar and easy bar and grab as wide as you can. That's going to immediately engage more of that lateral head. And you start up by doing a front raise and as you get closer to the top of the movement, you're going to pull back towards you and that's going to drive the contraction, into that lateral head and finish it off in that rear dealt. Quick side note, I know I look like an asshole, but these are the only tens I have. If you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link in the description. It still amazes me how many second individuals there are. Yeah, it's only 20 bucks, but you're going to be pretty messed up in the head to want to hurt yourself this bad for 30 days. So it's kind of nice that I'm not the only one. And if you like how in depth I went on this video, then you're going to love the hammer curl video I did recently. Also if you need more help on shoulders, I'll link to a dumbbell only shoulder video, but most importantly, share this video and subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.