Alright, today we're going to have a structure workouts in a way that guarantees you grow from them. And then they end up going with more detail about specific things I do because that's the reason for creating the app. I want to upload these workouts that are just disgustingly intense that no sane human being would put themselves through that way you can check training off the list and know that if you're not getting results that's not the reason why. Now, if the rest of your day is dominated by Taco Bell, cocaine and hookers, yeah your results are going to be dismal but that's a completely different video. Let's get after it. Never been a trainer which is likely based on people that watch this channel either you were in the past or you are now. Then you know that you always have this bag of tricks, those breaking case of emergency exercises that you can just pull out of your ass and ensure that your client gets a phenomenal workout no matter how much they've had it. And man, do they fight it? We've all had clients that are almost in tears just freaking out. I can't go any lower my hips or two tight, my legs going numb, I think I broke my back. And you're just looking at them like you haven't even unwrapped the weight yet. So you know going in with a client like that, you're going to have to pull out one of those exercises and make them do it in a way that they can't have fast, like locking them into a machine like a hack squat and only counting the reps where they touch the bottom. Or you make them sit in the pain of an exercise and hold a contraction for three seconds at the top or even like the 100 reps squat challenge. That's so hard that I'm going to give you a shit if you have fast and quarter rep every squat. It's still going to suck and you're still going to make progress. And it was awesome to see how many people tag me in a post or sent me a video of them attempting that 100 reps squat challenge. One guy even started a live stream which I soon needed it just to give him the strength to try to get all 100 but since he still faced down in the same spot he was when he passed out about halfway through. Save to say it didn't make it. The reason I bring that up is because if you want to ensure that every workout you do induces growth, then you're going to start treating yourself like a client. That means incorporating at least one exercise that you hate with a passion. I say one not to overwhelm but at least one that you love. I know for me personally there are certain machines and exercises that I have to have a mental battle in my head and talk myself into doing because I know it's going to be that brutal. And don't try to say that you're sick in the head and you love all horrible exercises because that's not true. That's the same person that will start walking towards a machine where nobody's at and will look around for somebody to justify not doing it. Like I look like he might start walking this way. I don't want to be rude. You have my permission. Be fucking rude. So by now I'm sure you understand that you've got to start incorporating exercises that almost kill you and make you question your manhood but there's a second part to it and that's how you do them. For instance if I just turned around and started doing squats, no one's going to argue that squats aren't hard but if I'm just doing four sets of 10, yeah they suck, they're difficult, it's heavy but it's not the hardest way to do them because if you want to make sure that you make progress with every workout you've got to pair those difficult exercises with a brutal intensity. So the way I look at it you got two options. You just don't pretend like you're training somebody else because human nature. It's easier to hurt somebody else than it is to hurt yourself or you become a complete social path and just lose all regard for your own safety but either way you've got to change the way you approach your training. So instead of doing straight sets of 10, imagine if those were rest-possets or dropsets or even better you slow that negative down to a grueling pace where it's going to take the pain of that exercise to a whole other level. You remember that walk you had when you first train legs where you look like a baby deer crossing the gym? That comes right back. Wait a minute you're telling me you want me to take as many sets as I can to failure and potentially risk overtraining? Yeah, that's what I just said. One of my favorite things is go through the comments and find that person that says I love your videos but you're clearly wrong. Check out this case study and then you go to their profile and then you can't decide if you should donate to some sort of muscle wasting disease foundation or they're actually 13 but either way they're full of shit. So let me finish up by giving you three of my favorite exercises and or ways I like to destroy myself to ensure that that workout is going to give me some growth. First one walking weighted barbell lunges with dumbbells you can swing them you can get a rhythm you can just rest and throw them on the ground with that weighted bar in your back. The only way you get it off is when you admit defeat and you're set over. That damn thing hurts just holding it. The second one is doing any back exercise where you strap in you set a high number and you don't rest until you get there. Yeah, your biceps will jump in but that's only after your back is completely toast. And the third is any sort of mechanical drop because you know after that first variation the pain's not over it's just getting started. And if you liked this video here's a classic on how to get more growth out of your pull-ups also another one of my favorites but most importantly make sure you subscribe hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.