All right, today we're going to very extreme or what some people like to call crash diving for fat loss and why it's not only effective, it's actually the way to go. Let's get after it. So I'm sure you've heard of the fitness youtuber say, or maybe you were sitting at home and you're under where eat lean pockets and doctor hours told you no matter what you do, don't crash dive because you blow right back up. And that statement definitely has some merit to it. I think about my years of working with competitors, figure fitness body building every time I would sit down with one of them for the very first time. For the first 30 minutes, I would continually ask them, are you sure you want to do this because this is going to completely mess you up, not physically. Anybody said they messed up their thyroid from a hardcore diet. It's usually full of shit. And reality, what happens is that at least they're inner fat kid and they're having a hell of a time shoving that chubby bastard back in a Pandora's box. I'm talking mentally because you're going to get to the leanest point you've ever been in your entire life. You're walking around on stage and basically dental floss. And they're going to take pictures of you for you to take home to remind yourself that you'll never look like that again. Now you got to concentrate reminder on your fridge that you're a fat mass than any progress you make is insignificant. But here's the truth. You can't get extraordinary results by putting in an ordinary amount of effort. You've got to try to the obsessive and slightly unhealthy waters if you want to make a change that people can't help but to notice unless you're starting point is you're a contestant on that show my 600 pound life. Then yeah, you're going to make progress by simply getting your enabling mom to stop feeding your cheeseburgers all day. Because you know what happens when you go to a normal diet with just a slight deficit, practically nothing because you're going to chip away that deficit little by little with random calories you come throughout your day or you're going to cheat so much that that difference is going to disappear and you've seen this a lot throughout the gym. I mean, look around of the people that basically look at them in no progress yearning year out. I mean, if you squint hard enough, it might look like they're making progress, but they're not because that's one of the hardest things to do. Make a diet that's difficult enough that somebody will see progress relatively quickly so they don't get frustrated but not too difficult that one day they just break and start deep throat and churros. So the question is how do you formulate a diet that's going to be hard enough to get your results, but not to the point you're going to lose your shit. All right, first we need to change the way you look at dieting because most coaches will say, are we're doing a 16 week recomposition plan because they're afraid to scare you away with the word diet, but it's a fucking diet. And 16, 12, or 10 weeks, that's a marathon. And the truth is diet's are better done as sprint so reframe the way you think about it and take your current day and win the week because thinking anything beyond a week, 99% of people will be like, fuck it, take my foot now. And every week, you need to install a light at the end of that dieting tunnel from hell by implementing a refeed meal. You'll be amazed at how much harder you can push yourself and how much more you're willing to suffer knowing that you have a scheduled time you're going to be able to relax and enjoy yourself every week. Which brings me to a fairly widespread misconception of how low you should push your calories. And I'm sure you even say in that a number of popping your head and you're not going below that or I'll lose muscle. But when people think or say that out loud, they rarely factor in where their calories are coming from. Here's an extreme scenario for you. And I'll use clean numbers because I went to public school. So person number one is on a 2000 calorie diet, which puts them in a decent deficit. And 35% of their calories is coming from protein. So they're getting 175 grams per day. Now person number two is going to get less calories than they recommend giving a 12-year-old girl. Now I don't recommend this. This is just a proof of point. But they're going to get a thousand calories and 80% of those is coming from protein. So they're going to get 200 grams of protein per day. So the question is, who would you bet your wife on? The one that has less protein and more calories coming from what we consider energy sources, or the one that's basically all protein. I would hope for your wife's butt hole sake. You bet on the 80% protein. And again, I'm not advocating you get anywhere near that 80% because your kidneys would not appreciate that. But hopefully that opens your eyes and makes you realize that maybe I can push myself a little bit harder to drop my calories a little bit more and see what happens. And don't take my word for it. You're the one that's willing to bet butt holes on it. Now the only way these weekly diet sprints work is after you reach the weight or the look you want, you're going to come up with a maintenance diet you actually enjoy. I think that's why crash diets get such a bad rapist because nobody teaches you how to get off of them. Probably why somebody who has medical weight loss, clinic clients, completely rebound, which I don't blame them. Imagine going from having somebody just grab your love handles and threaten you every week to know accountability whatsoever. I'd be at the McDonald's drive through line pleading with the guy at the window. Just be my accountability buddy. I need help. As simple as it sounds, to maintain the look you've got that you push so hard to get, all you're going to do is find your new maintenance level of calories, based on your new body weight, and eat slightly below that because you're still on a factor in having that refeed meal once a week. And I think this is where people make the biggest mistake. They stop having that refeed meal once a week and then try to add something in every single day. I hate to break it to you, but your metabolism didn't magically change and that runs better off of sausage and McGriddles. It's okay. I'll add myself to sometimes. So it's hard to give a general just go do this because I have no idea where everybody's at in their life. You could be at a really low place. You could be sitting at home watching this eating a pound of gummy worms. But in my experience, most people have one or a mixture of these three problems, either they don't eat enough protein, they're eating too many calories, or they justify having too many carbs. So after this video, put down the gummy worms, take a look in the mirror, and figure your shit out. So if you end up making some changes to push your diet even harder and you find pretty damn hungry, that's okay. That's your body telling you that this sucks and it's working. So if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link to that below because that's one of my favorite things. Wake up in the morning and check the feed and see all the people that are complaining about how bad they hurt. And because it's for me, it makes me smile. So if you haven't watched these two videos, you're going to want to watch those next, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it, get growing. Got you soon.