Alright, today we're going over the three reasons why your back isn't growing and if you fix these, you're no longer going to be a disappointment. But it's probably not why you think. Let's get after it. Alright, reason number one, your form sucks. Now that might seem like an obvious one in an easy fix, but it's not because during every single movement you're going to do for back. You're going to be in a constant battle, keep that supporting muscle or muscles from jumping in, taking over, and taking a Cleveland steam around your chest. Don't believe me. Think about this. During every rowing exercise you're going to do, you're going to be fighting to keep those biceps out of it. If you're not careful during a deadlift, it'll turn into a poor man squat. You can wake up the next morning after doing dumbbell pullovers and think, with the fuck kicked me in my triceps and even on a hyper extension. If your form is unlocked in, it could turn into a control burn in those hamstrings. So how do we fix this charcoal to your board of bullshit form? Well, we're going to do it on a case-by-case basis because they all have a different remedy. Now when it comes to rolling movements, you have to make sure you exaggerate the stretch and the contraction of each rep. But that doesn't mean fully extending your arm because if you extend your arm all the way, you've also fully stretched that bicep and because you're moving a significant amount of weight that was meant for your back, it means your biceps going to have one hell of a contraction to start the movement. So your goal should be, which is going to seem counterintuitive at first, is the main tenon contraction that bicep the entire time. But think of it like a static contraction because you're going to be trying to keep the elbow and fix position and make the actual movement happen by closing off and opening up that shoulder. And one way you can get really good at doing this is by working on single arm cable movements, like the seated cable row because as you go into that stretch, you'll feel that position where that shoulder is all the way turned in, that lats fully stretched and don't know where you can go any further as bicep but you don't. You stop shoulder that, you hold it and you're going to work against the stretch. So really push against that stretch, force it to open up and flare even more and then contract it up, really pull that shoulder back, get a little bit of a twist and fully contract that back, and it's better than being an asshole sitting there doing this. So when it comes to fixing somebody's form on dead lifts, it can be a daunting task because sometimes it's so ugly, you don't even know where to start. Ugh, come here, let me check you for scoliosis because if you didn't have it before, sure it's fucked do now. But in reality, it's one of two things, inflexibility or weakness. Either they have the flexibility in their ankles, their hips or that thoracic spine, or they just have weak lutes, weak lower back or weak supporting muscles, and keep that back nice and straight and safe during the entire movement. And you might be thinking, well, that's a shitload of stuff and that's going to be tough to fix. It is when you try to do it one at a time. But because we know all these muscles are involved in a dead lift and usually your form doesn't go to shit right away, it happens as you get deeper into the stretch. We can use rack beds that we can get stronger and a step by step process. So now instead of thinking, that was pretty light. I probably should go open weight. You're going to drop the pin and slightly increase the range of motion. And little by little, help you work on your inflexibility, strengthen some of those weaker muscles and make people that watch you, not throw up in their mouth. So when it comes to dumbbell pullovers or really any pullovers for that matter, it's a pretty easy one to fix because there's a very clear part of the moment that's dominated by your lats. And as you progress through it, your triceps start to take over. So unless you're sitting there thinking, well, I got shitty triceps and shitty lats. I don't care. Then what you want to do is focus on getting a nice deep stretch, contracting up and stopping before it jumps to anything else. When you feel a peak contraction that lat and then go back down. You're really not focused on pulling all the way up because if you do, you're going to feel like you got killed in your triceps. And when it comes to hyper extensions, this is where it differ from a lot of people because I think the traditional way of grabbing a 45 pound plate, holding a static contraction and throwing yourself up is about the same as grabbing a dumbbell, curly and halfway up and running around the gym like an asshole, high-fiving people. It doesn't do much. I think you're better off getting some flexion and extension in that back. And if you don't feel comfortable doing that with just your body weight, you're already too fucked up. But you can always work up to it little by little by slightly flexing forward and extending back. And then slowly exaggerate more and more as you feel more comfortable. Now you could really well have perfect form. You're doing everything correctly and that brings us to reason number two. You're doing the easy shit. And I realized this after I released a garage program because quite a few people said, holy shit, my mid and lower back is getting lit up. And a lot of that's because most people don't do exercises really calling your entire back to engage to complete the movement. And as much as I love seated cable rows because you can manipulate them and hit your back in different ways. Giving the option to those or team our rows rest of my life, I'm doing team our rows. And this one's also a quick fix because all you have to do is ask yourself, am I doing this because it's the best possible movement for me right now or is it because it's the easiest because sometimes you do want to line a bench and do a high dumbbell row. But if everything you've done that entire workout is a chess supported exercise and you haven't touched your mid back. Then you're sucking it life. And if you already know this about yourself, just simply program this into your training. Go back to those dumbbell rows. You can do two sets where you're lying on the bench, you have that chess support. So really focus on that upper back and then see you're not a complete mess. You can stand up and do two more sets where you engage that entire back. And reason number three, you're not taking different grips using different handles or pulling from different angles that are all needed to have a fully developed back. And I can't emphasize this enough. You have to be thoughtful and purposeful with the way you train your back. So nothing gets neglected because think about this. You have a straight bar and a lap pull down. The closer you walk those hands in, it changes what you hit. If you reverse your grip changes it even more. If you tilt back slightly, it's going to change it again. If you want to those people that just jerks it and lays all the way back to the ground. You're wasting your time. But it changes it. So take inventory as you go through your back workout and think, okay, if I'm hitting traps this day, to make sure that I didn't just hit my upper traps, hit my mid lower traps as well. Did I engage those rhomboids? Did I pull those rear delts? Did I engage those lats? Did I find a way to put stress on the lower part of my lats? Did I hit my lower back? Did I hit the rest of the splinter vector muscles? Did I make me feel like I'm going to ship myself? You'll know if you did. And if you need help with specific back workouts to kick your own ass with, I'll leave two links below. One's going to get you notified for when the full gym program comes out. The other one is for the garage program for people with limited equipment that you can already kick your ass with today. And if you need help with your diet, I watch this video next. Also another one of my favorites, but most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Dr. You soon.