All right, today, we're going to go into grow those arms to 19 inches and we're going to cover everything. The mistakes you're probably making, how to fix them. And at the end of the go over the sets, the reps and how to structure workouts to guarantee you get results. So let's get after it. Honestly, no idea of my arms are actually 19 inches. Because I'm of the opinion that if you know, you're probably a horrible person. Also, just not my personality. Even in my younger years, a swiping on Tinder when I got to the point when it's time to send a picture of your junk. I wouldn't fluff it or do anything. I just open my waistband, snap a picture and say, good luck figuring that out. Now, let's start with the mistakes. And one of the biggest ones is not giving arms their own day. Yeah, if you're genetic gift is arms, then you can easily tack on a few sets of the end of your workout and make progress. But that's not you. Those people stand out. That was the kid in the center of the grade that would walk around in one of his forums would be the size of his leg. If you're not happy with the results you're getting, it just comes down to two things. Either you're not connecting with your biceps and triceps when you train them, or you're just not getting enough volume. And there's no way to get enough volume by tacking on a few sets at the end of your workout. When it comes to the connection, the biggest mistake people make is they look at it as the result of the way they're training or one of the key factors in determining whether or not a set was worth a ship. But when it comes to hypertrophy, it's everything. It's not just part of a list you're using to judge whether or not a particular exercise is good for you that day. It should be your goal. Think of it more like a recipe and you're trying to create the best possible connection. That means if you have to adjust the range of motion and go from fold to partial reps, you do it. Or if you have to drop the weight that way you can more effectively fire the muscle you're trying to hit and limit all the supporting muscles, you do it. And that also means you change the tempo and either increase the speed or slow down each rep based upon what gives you the best connection because the only thing that matters is that Goddamn connection. Here's a good test. As you're sitting there, once you're run through your body and flex a few muscles on command, flex your bicep, your tricep, your quad, your rear delt, I guarantee your most developed body parts are the ones you can instantly fire. So if this is a new concept to you, you need to rework the way you think about training because it simply is the process of developing a better connection to your muscles. Why is going to love that one? One thing you want to make sure you're doing is limit your rest. We're not training back or legs, so there's no reason to take three minutes between each set and write in your diary about how badly you were hurt. Alright, let's go over exactly how the structure of the workout to get those 19-inch arms. If you're somebody that people randomly come up to and ask if you're selling any girl scout cookies today, I would superset everything because I guarantee you're just not getting enough sets in. I would do sets of at least 20 on everything you do because again, we're just trying to accumulate volume and I would push every single set to failure and I know people worry about over training but good fucking luck over training your arms. It's pretty hard to do. So an example of what that would look like is rope extensions right into rope curls. And then easy bar skull crushers right into easy bar drag curls nice and wide. Nice and slow. And then dumbbell French press right into hammer curls. And then finishing up with incline curls and then tricep push-ups. So the question comes up what if I can do more than 20 reps? You just keep going because your whole goal is to get that muscle to fail with as many reps as it takes maintain the best possible connection. I'll leave not only sets and reps in the description but I'll put notes by each so you get the most out of each exercise. And when you get tired of kicking your ass with this, when I'll leave links to the programs in the description, again, they're all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. If you don't watch this video, I'd fucking watch this next but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell, get after get grown. Don't you assume? I guarantee I'm going to get some hate messages from wives that say, why did you tell my husband you could send me pictures of his little smushy dick?