Are you still having trouble growing those calves? Then you're probably doing one of these three things wrong. And yeah, there are some people born with those big thick Midwestern mom calves, but even if you're not blessed with those, it may be difficult, but you can still get them to grow. Maybe even the point that you're not ashamed yourself anymore. So let's get after it. Now I was tempted to say the secret is to walk on your toes everywhere you go. That way the next time I go to the gym, I'll see a bunch of people tiptoeing around, but I'll say that for another video. Now my calves used to be garbage. To the point where I would wear pants year round. And I live in Arizona. So by the end of the day, my balls were gasping for air. So it's nice to be able to wear shorts, let them air out, and not be filled with so much self hatred. So I know for a fact, this is going to work for you. Reason number one, you're not training with the same intensity you use for every other body part. Let me know if this sounds familiar. You're in the gym ready to train legs. So you think, okay, I'll start in the seated calf race. Do three, four sets. Maybe go to the standing calf race, four sets there, but that's it. A little pumped up hard to walk, but that's your calf workout. Now I want you to think back at the most intense exercises you've ever done. I guarantee you regardless of the body part, they weren't just simple straight sets. So reaching your bag of dicks and pull out some of those techniques and use them for calves. If you're not making drops, that's a staple of every single calf workout you're missing now because unlike other body parts that need a little time to rest and recover, otherwise you go from doing 20 reps to two, calf to resilient. So as much times it takes you to strip the weight is about all they need. Did you know you could even use your own chubby asses of mechanical drop on a seated calf race? All you're going to do is lean forward during the set and when you start to fail, shift some of that husky pressure off your calves by leaning back and you'll be able to force out even more reps. Or my personal favorite, the oh my god, they're about to pop partial reps. As normally you have to fight like hell and go to a really dark place to be able to get to the finish line, lock out that weight and let out a victory tier. But instead of resting you go right into partial so you flex that weight up, then it come all the way back down, take tension off those calves and then do it again and keep doing it until you can't even lift the weight. And the pain is going to be unbearable. So feel free to locate the closest person and punch him in the neck. Reason number two has to do with frequency. I hate to be the bearer bad news, but once a week isn't going to cut it and I know some of you are going to throw up in your mouth when you hear this, but the moment I decided that every day I was in the gym, I was going to train calves. That's when I started seeing some serious results. Wait a minute, that means you could be sore the next time you train him. Yeah, but again, calves are a different beast and your body will quickly adapt and you'll be able to handle it. But also, I may not know you, but I understand human nature and when I say do it every single time you're in the gym, you'll end up doing it three times a week. And reason number three, how you flex that calf matters. And I've seen people argue against this saying that you're going to get equal tension no matter what. So just flex straight up. I think that's bullshit. I think how you place your foot, whether or not you pronate or supinate as you can track up, is what determines how that tension is distributed throughout your calf. Don't believe me, try this. Grab 225 pound plates and throw them on the ground. Start up by putting one between your feet, turn those toes out, 45 degrees, step on the plate, and then pronate those feet as you flex up. If you don't feel more tension on the outside of your calf, you're lying. Next, stand on the inside of both those plates, turn those feet, 45 degrees, step on top of there. Now, supinate as you can track up. And if you don't feel more tension on the inside of your calves, then you're even more full of shit than I previously thought. So not only do you have to find ways to increase the intensity of your workouts and up to frequency of them, but also exercise is allow you to pronate and supinate those feet, which is actually pretty damn easy. You can just hop on the leg press, start with those toes out at 45 degrees, and then pronate as you flex up for 20 reps. Then turn them straight, 20 more reps, and then turn those toes in, supinate as you flex up, 20 more reps, and pain. For more pain, check out the 30 day programs on the link below again. 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. Have a watch these two videos, watch those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.