All right, today we want to get those narrow, frail borderline feminine shoulders, bigger and wider. Let's get after it. Since you're in normal kind of driving, Ling because they don't just stick in the lane and leave it. You're just letting this, if the, you know. So when it comes to getting those big wide delts, the first thing we got to talk about is connection. And I know it makes me cringe as well. Makes me think about numerology or one long conversation night with one of my exes till two in the morning, and she's complained that we don't have a good connection anymore. It's because it's two in the morning, you're crazy. So to get wider delts, you obviously need bigger delts overall, but with predominantly comes from that lateral head. So the first thing I would do is focus on the most foundational of all side dellectrysizes the lateral rays and see where in that movement you're losing the connection. For most people, it'll be right here. And I know that seems disheartening, but it's actually an easy fix. You're just going to change the path of what you do your lateral rays. Because sometimes I go to the gym and no matter what I do, regular raises, I feel it my trap, my neck. It feels awful. If I had a great connection, I would just make some peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, cut them into squares, pack my lunch, and sit in front of the rack all day, and just do fucking side later, I was until my delts blew up. But that's not how it works. One of my favorite ways is just by simply leaning over the back of a preacher bench. It just allows me to tilt my back ever so slightly as I can track up. And it makes me feel like I'm actually pulling that weight up with my delt. And I know it doesn't seem like much, but the path is changed, and it makes it so those traps can't flex your head forward and take over the entire movement. I'm going to hit my fucking bus. There's nothing worse than getting your car empty. You know, cheap Melody night before. It smells like disappointment. Which brings us to pre-exhausting a priming, because that side delt is not a muscle you can continue to progressively overload and expect to get results, because there's too many bigger stronger muscles around it that are going to jump in and screw everything up. For instance, you can get some momentum with that lat by flaring it out to the side, and jumping over that side delt, and up somewhere in your forehead. So you've got to find ways to tear up those fibers that's not simply just going up and weight. All you need to do is find exercises that allow for the minimum amount of movement to get a maximum contraction in that delt. That could be a kneeling side lateral, dumbbell parsers at the bottom, or machine side lateral. I could hear those little sausage fingers smushing keys now. I don't have that machine. Don't worry. You can take this concept and use it on your bow flex as well. Sometimes I'll start my workout with these by putting all that pressure on my elbow, only contracting high enough to get that deltifier, and then back down for a hundred God awful reps. So what does that do? It makes this other someone's blood and that lateral head that no matter what you do after that, you're going to be connected to it, and it's going to grow. You could go landscape your balls for a half an hour, and you're going to make progress. You're going off the rails. Come off the carpet. And last but not least, you're going to make sure you prioritize that lateral head in your training. If you only allocated one exercise per head of your delt, then at least pre-exhaust with the exercise I just showed you, or use that as a finish. Or make sure that every time you do an exercise for that side delt, it's either a drop set or some sort of compound set, just to get more time-under-tension for that specific head. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the PPL program yet, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days, it's 20 bucks, but there's 24 videos. So, I'm going to vomit in your mouth a few more times. And if you need more help training your shoulders, I watch this video next. If you have no rear delts, this one will help your funny looking ass, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon. That's stick. You guys actually listen to it.