I'm hoping to click on this thing and I'm just going to show you a single exercise that was going to magically transform your body and simultaneously make all your exes die a little bit inside because that's not what this is today we're doubling down on the things that hurt you the most. Let me explain let me lay it out this way exercises are like kids. I have a friend who has two kids. One of them is basically perfect the other one. We'll refuse to eat their vegetables and then 10 minutes later he'll find him in the backyard eating rocks and he's told me he constantly wonders if that one even has a soul. What I'm trying to say is exercises and kids not created equally. So even though you say that you don't have a favorite we know there's certain exercises based on your bio mechanics or your overall shitty form that you just can't quite get that connection. But because the experts say that they should be the foundation of your training you continue to force yourself to do them. And then there's others where you have to think about it. You can crank your music drift away and think about big titty bitches and look down and realize the pump is so extreme that looks how your arms are about to explode. That's what this is about figuring out what exercises you have a great connection with for each body part and then exploiting the shit out of them because my argument is assuming you're hitting the same body part. Would you rather hit three exercises one of which you have a great connection to the other two not so much or hitting one exercise and doing three different variations. All of which kick your ass equally as much and this sprung from a conversation I have with my wife who like all women wants a bigger ass and my wife and I agree and I assume us as a community can also agree that we're more than happy to pay for tits all day but fake asses are unacceptable. You have to build those glutes. So I started running through all the exercises. You connect with reverse lunges not so much hip thrust kind of abductor machine. A little bit. Sumo dance she said yes. I said okay perfect. That's the one I want you to forget all the other ones and just focus on doing different variations of sumo deadlifts and don't think of the same exercise think of a musically different movement. So trying to increase that metabolic stress by doing really high rap sets and and then at times really increased amount of tension on that muscle by progressively overloading but. Also change the form change your foot placement do complete pause sets do a slow negative and an explosive positive and now instead of catching across a gym pissing on a fire hydrant she's taking a single exercise that she loves and really connects with. And turn it into one hell of a workout and if you're sitting there thinking this doesn't apply to me I'm not trying to grow my glutes my wife loves the fact that my ass looks like two ziplock bags of thanksgiving gravy. You can apply this to anybody part just confiscate the rope for a half hour and the beauty of that is you're not sacrificing anything because you're hitting that rope at different heights it's going effectively hit all three heads. Now I'm not saying you shouldn't master a re-exercise I think there's real value in trying to figure out why you don't connect with or see results from a certain movements I just don't think you should waste your precious workout time doing it I would throw the exercise you don't quite connect with at the end of your session see what tweaks you can make and really hit that targeted muscle one exercise and know that ruins me every time. Is this hack squat so I know if I put a sign on here that says mine and I spend the next 30 minutes just hitting with a different tempo changing the place my feet doing drop sets. I'll walk away from this thing with my legs having been properly abused moral the story just. Figured really pitch a tent literally pitch a tent people stay away from you if you're rocking a huge bar and do the things you already know you connect with if you don't know what you connect with. That's where the $20 garage program comes in I'll link that below and people pass about when the next one's coming out the full gym program. Give me a couple weeks I like to take my sweet ass time because I want to make the videos. Just as valuable if not more of noxious jokes and if you need help with your diet I've watched this video next also another one my favorites but most 40 subscribe hit that notification bell and get after you get growing.