All right, today we're going in-depth on Hammer Curls. And you're probably sitting there thinking, let's have a pretty damn weird video idea. And a couple weeks ago, I'm gonna thought the same thing, and tell I made a poll asking people what they thought were the most over-rated exercises in Hammer Curls kept popping up. And I thought that's ridiculous. They're phenomenal. And tell I went to do them again, and thought, now these are actually hot garbage. So I'm gonna go with my three favorite variations, and redeem Hammer Curls. So if you're ready, let's get after it. Also comment below, so I can judge you accordingly. Are you team baby wipes? Are you regular toilet paper? And if you're curious where I stand, my favorite thing to do is go to Costco, take my wife, and buy three boxes of baby wipes, because it's inevitable. The way out the ladies gonna ask you, oh my god, how many kids do you have? I just look over my wife. Tell her, go ahead, tell her. And she has to say, there are for my husband's ask. So in fact, I know when I film a video like this, my goal shouldn't be to just show you if you're exercises and send you on your way. I should teach you to think the way I think that way you can apply it to all your training. But to me, it's pretty damn scary proposition, because I know there's probably a lot of young kids that watch this, and it's just a matter of time before their parents come home, and they find that their bedroom is riddled full of pictures of plus-sized women, and eventually they get kicked out of school, because somebody rats on them for trying to suitcase some pre-work out in the bathroom. But just know this comes from place of love. So the biggest frustration with these is that at the time, you got a great connection. The other half you walk in, you're like, oh, that's nice. It felt like contraction right in my radius, and it feels awful. So the first thing I do is I just say, screw it, I'm gonna turn to do a drag curl. So technically we're not doing hammer curls anymore. We're doing a drag curl with a neutral grip, but hopefully you're not doing hammer curls, because you saw somebody else doing where you think you have to. You're trying to target that brake, you're allus, you're not long head. So if that's the case, then these are a great option. And there's two ways I like to do it. The first way is that dumbbells right by your side, and you're pulling straight up, or you keep it out in front of your knee, and you're pulling back in a 45 degree angle, and I guarantee you're gonna have a better connection than just a traditional regular hammer, f***ing stupid curl. So if you're somebody that saw that last exercise and thought there's no way I could just do drag curls instead, that's to do some various regular hammer curls, then I appreciate your stubbornness, and this is the various I would do. I tuck those elbows into your stomach, and get your entire body involved. So you're gonna lean back during the negative, and as you contract up, you're gonna lean forward and make those biceps work even harder, because like we talked about before, the biggest issue with the regular hammer curls is the initial part of the contraction. It's all in your forearm. There's only a small range of motion where you're gonna really connect with those biceps, and then you could lose it in your shoulders. So with these, we pin that shoulder in place, and make that bicep bear the entire weight during that eccentric part of the movement, and you contract up and lean forward and make that contraction more intense. And as long as you can get those forearms warmed up by any means necessary, I don't judge. Do what you gotta do. You're gonna love this exercise. So since we know the incline curls really target that long head, because they make you contract that bicep, while it's in a stretched position, we can steal from that and use it on the next variation. So you can either grab the cable without an attachment, or just tie a rope into a knot, so you have a single handle of a grab on to, but word of warning, these are the dirtiest attachments in the gym, because there's a lot of hyper-sexual women, and men, I've seen you guys do it too. They like to abuse these handles. And it's probably how last you're just went off the rails and patience here or contracted it by sharing a handle with somebody who just got down wiping their ass, doing cable hip thrust, so just be careful. So what you're gonna do is set that cable as low as it can go, walk yourself out, make sure that biceps nice and stretched, and then just do a regular hammer curl, which you have a better connection. And obviously it's constant tension, so it's gonna tear it up pretty quick. So if you're like me and you loosely categorize exercises, then any one of those are gonna completely redeem hammer curls for you. And I know you'll get great results. Also, I've had some questions when I'm coming out with a full gym program. The equipment gets here at the end of the month, so I'll start filming them. But if you haven't got a chance to check out the other 30 day program, which is just garage style, minimal equipment, but anyways, taking it and telling you that it kicks your ass. 20 videos, 20 bucks, it's pretty damn simple. Also if you haven't watched these two videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell, and share this shit out of this video. And get after a get-grown talk to you soon.