Oh great, it's leg day again. All right, so today we're going to go over different styles of squat, high bar, low bar, Smith, Hacksquad, even some dumbbell stuff, kind of my thought process going through it and how you can tweak it and get even more of each one of those styles. So if you're ready, kick those shoes off, let's get after it. Almost hit myself in the face. So when it comes to choosing whether to do higher low bar squats, probably the politically correct answer is, do it feels best. But I think that's a horrible answer. There's no way to measure that. Plus, I don't really care how you feel. I think the real question is, do you have quads in embarrassed your entire family? If so, you're going to want to do more high bar squats. With that being said, I know they suck. If you try to start out with them, your knees are going to sound like a fresh ball of rice crispy. So the key is not to start out with them. Make sure knees are primed. So make them the second, third or even just the last exercise you do. And yeah, your numbers are not going to be great, but your quads can't count. If you can make 2, 25, feel like 3, 15 and still get the same kind of damage on those quads. That's just as good. So inner thigh thickness is a problem. Maybe your glutes are a little underdeveloped. Then low bar squats are the way to go. One thing your knees won't be a crunchy mess as long as you load those hips correctly and keep those knees shifted back. You can actually start with these and not have a problem. And the second thing has to do with the previous video, which I'll link up top, which is complete pauses. These are a great candidate for those because at the bottom you'll be instantly more connected to those glutes. But also, if your knees ever collapse in, this will make you consciously work on that form, focusing on driving those knees out and actually contracting up through the right muscles. So when Roman reads that, they wanted to sponsor another video. I said, yeah, but on one condition, it's got to be for ED. Because one, I know I can make that funny. And two, I've dealt with it before. Before I figured out I had to sleep at noon, treatment options like they have are the only thing that carried me through. So I can completely empathize and especially in times like this when it's hard enough to get help for common men's health conditions when you can't even leave your house. And when you're doing something like a rectal dysfunction and you got your partner mean mugging you from across the room, you want help ASAP. And in my experience, even after I got my CPAP got my sleep at the intake and care of, didn't have any more issues, once you know what it's like to have superpowers, there's no going back. Don't believe me. And that's one of my friends at Romans, but years building a digital platform that you can connect with a doctor, licensed in your state, all from the comfort of your own home. And and all you have to do is grab your phone, your computer, and complete a free online visit. And you'll hear back from a US licensed position within 24 hours. So if your doctor decides treatments right for you, Romans pharmacy will ship your medication with free two-day shipping. Also, you get free unlimited fall-ups with your doctor. So any questions you may have, or any time you want to adjust your treatment plan, it's that simple. And then again, with Roman, no commitments, you can cancel anytime. So to me, seems like a no-brainer. If you're doing with ED, go to getRoman.com slash-rine for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. And I think the real question is whether or not you use it a lot, how cool would it be to have a kick stand? Again, that's getRoman.com slash-rine for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. But yeah, all right, let's go over Hackshot. Now, when I'm doing Hackshot, my whole goal in life is to destroy my quads. If I get any other muscles involved, then get a little sore, great, but that's not my focus. What I really want to do is just destroy those quads to a point where I get that beautiful, broken glass hornets in there that you can't get from any other exercise. And I really love this for people who are their biggest issue is ankle and flexibility, and that's what's holding them back. Because unlike a regular squat, which can deceive you, and make you think you're making progress, and those ankles are getting more mobile, and they're not. It's really just your back rolling out, and that's all that's happening. With this, as long as your back's completely flat on the pad, and you walk those feet down to a position that's comfortable, but still stresses the mobility, those ankles just a little bit. You'll notice even after the first couple sets, you'll be a little bit more flexible, and then over time it just gets better and better. So my go-to on these is I walk my feet down as lowest possible, do a couple reps, and make sure I'm not driving through my toes. If I am, walk it up a hair, and the biggest thing for me, toes out just slightly, open those knees up as I go down, and then a complete pause at the bottom, making sure I'm driving through those heels. So a good test on these is if you're doing what's sox and your feet don't slide up and you're still driving from your heels, it means your ankle flexibility is pretty phenomenal. Because at that point, you're so far underneath you, that you're driving straight down and not up in a way. Next up we got some missed squat, and there's two ways I like to do these. The first is gluten-hammedum, and the second, all quads. So for the gluten variation, you're going to walk those feet out as wide as you comfortably can. I'd even air on the side of being a little uncomfortable, as long as you can keep those knees pushed out as you go. Second thing you want to walk this feet a little bit forward and lean back the entire time. You never want that butt to drift back underneath the bar because that puts too much pressure under spine, and then from there, we're living at the bottom doing partial reps. Now the next one looks ridiculous, works incredibly well. What you're going to do these is walk this feet in nice and close, point them straight, make sure those knees track as you go down, and they're going to really drift over top of your toes, which is fine. If you had good knees before, they're going to be good after because we're not doing any explosive movements here. It's a nice controlled movement, go down, sit at the bottom, and then contract it up. Now I understand this takes a ton of ankle flexibility. So there's a modifier. If you can't do it, throw 500 feet. If that's not enough, a 10 from there, even a 25, there's going to be a degree that really bridges the gap between your ankle flexibility and how to do these properly, you'll be able to get it done. In the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end. One thing in the note on the quad variation is if you want to get even more out of it, make sure you're driving through your heels, but also as you come up, start to lift those toes up, really, really rock back into those heels. It's going to flex those quads that much harder. So I can kind of hand the number times I've squatted that wasn't a front squat variation because holding it to the side to me, that's just inefficient. Your knees are in the way, doesn't make sense. Holding them in close, now you're just doing basically a deadlift at that point. I wouldn't even categorize it as a squat. That's a sumo deadlift. But that's partially because of how good the dumbbell version of these are because unlike the barbell, we were basically just choking yourself to death. You have a better connection to your legs doing the dumbbells. Now, unless you're in the autoroticates fixiation, which in my younger years, right there with you. But now stick the dumbbells. I actually have to switch cameras because I've been here for so long. My go-to dumbbell squat has to be this one. Where I put my heels on the dumbbell that way, I have no ankle flexibility I can keep it back nice and straight and there I have another dumbbell really training it like a front squat. So basically we're doing a Sissy squat, not coming all the way up, nice control, and then putting all that pressure on those squats. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video. I'll hopefully something in the gym because it is so much more fun in here. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.