All right, today we're going to over some tips are going to help you build muscle while you're losing fat. Now, some are tactical. Some are just reminders to not be a big fat mass, but either way, they're going to help you on your journey. So if you're ready, let's get after it. This one just says insult me. People are f***ed up. So one of the biggest reasons I found that most people can't pull this off. Simon Tancy Building muscle, whether decreasing body fat, is about two weeks in, they freak out. They think, oh my god, I'm going catabolic or my muscles feel kind of flat, but in reality, we're never quite as big as we think we are. I'm at the first time I died in first show. Did all that work? God, on stage, and then realize my kneecap for the biggest thing on me. I remember sitting there thinking, this f***ing sucks. Every time somebody says, I got roughly five pounds left to lose. I try my hardest in that moment to force out of heart, just so they know I strongly disagree. Here's a good indication of how much you actually have to lose, how vascular are you? Because most people think, well, that's all genetics, but it's actually more correlated to how low your body fat percentage is. And if you're sitting there and you have a vein, you can barely see in your bicep, and you have to hold your breath and put a turn to get on to see it, then either you're way off with your estimate of what you actually have to lose, or when your dad went to work, your mom stayed home and f***ing balloon animal. And that's how you were made. So for some reason, recently, more and more people are moving away from having a very structured diet, the things like intuition eating, but that's for the elite acto morph. And if you're not sure that's you're not, it's not. Those are the genetic freaks that they can basically eat a deep fried Oreo and turn that into muscle. It's very rare and they're usually easy to spot. They look like f***s holes. I would love to figure out who the person was to start pushing the idea that if your body's craving something, you should probably listen to it because it's deficient. How many times have you trusted your body and it failed you? You slowly pushed out a silent fart and then two seconds later you got your head hung down, walking to the bathroom to wipe your ass to check how disappointed you should be in yourself. But what about when you wake up first thing in the morning and try to take a piss? Try to figure out the best angle, but you got some asleep in your eye, you got to relearn eighth grade geometry. And it looked like you're playing that crane game in the grocery store and then you piss all over the shower curtain. You got to remember your body and brain are going to fight you the entire way. So the only way to make progress is to have structure and trust the process. Because if you just went by your intuition and every day you go to the strip club for lunch and have a tuna salad sandwich. Why does go for some things you do? Why you're in the gym to make sure not wasting any time and you're always getting results. Now, this took me years to figure out but there's always a better way to do an exercise that's going to yield to you better results and this all based upon the connection you have your muscle. And the screw-up part is it changes daily. So the way I like to think about it is when I first started exercise, I'm testing different angles, different grips and just trying to get the best connection possible. And then I crank up the intensity. Now, most people will just up the weight. I don't think that's the best bet because when you start up in the weight, eventually there's a point where you just can't get that same connection because you're going to get all the supporting muscles involved and you'll lose the connection. So instead, I like to change the tempo or the range of motion. And this could be done in a per-set basis. Let's say I'm at the Dumbo rack doing front raises and I'm like, that sucked, but how can I make this worse? Well, instead of just going up and weight, I can slow it down to a complete crawl and really see if I can heal myself in a dick because I know that's going to work. And then the next set, I can say, okay, I'm in a segment. You parse those at the top, parse those at the bottom, and then go back to the foals because that sucked. And at the very end, now I could try to go up and weight and do ascending and descending drops. That's going to work a lot better than your traditional four sets of 12. At the end of the day, if you're not getting leaner as you get bigger, then as simple as it sounds you're probably doing one or three things wrong. First, probably not get enough protein in. So if you're not getting a gram per pound of body weight, which is really conservative, I would say a gram and a half because what's the worst that can happen? You have horrible protein farts and your wife leaves you. Just take digestive enzymes. The second being is you're not actually in a calorie deficit. That coffee creamer you have every single morning or the fact you can't drink your protein shakes without your precious almond milk has now added up to a point where you're at a maintenance level of calories. Or worse, you're getting fatter. Lastly, you're not training hard enough. And I see this a lot of the gym. You see somebody training legs, you want to stop them on the way out and say, no, try again. Mail time. Sorry, throw it a Q&A to answer some questions and hopefully demystify the idea of building muscle while you're losing body fat. First question is, how much cardio should you do per week? And I would say absolutely none. Because you don't figure out to do this with your nutritional loan, you're going to screw yourself in the long run. I like this one. As a person who got knocked out in the first round of every spelling being elementary school, I'm going to appreciate this. I'm scared of looking smaller, losing gains if I cut true or false. And then resuminated a question, spelling it wrong again. I honestly think this is the biggest thing that holds most people back is that fear of losing muscle, losing progress or not actually being as big as they think they are. Truthfully, the leaner you get, the bigger you're going to look. Maybe not in close, but just wear less clothes. Another good one. How important is diet and how often should I cheat and have a refeed day? Feel like that person is just laying in a pile of crumbs. It's the most important. How do I eat more food with no appetite? I think I can say this on behalf of everybody. Fuck you. That's a good problem to have because you're probably an actor more from the more you eat, the leaner you get. I'd say THC should just still see the scale going down during this process. Absolutely. Your weight loss is always going to outpace the amount of muscle you can put on, stop lying yourself. Those are metabolism play a big part. Absolutely. They're genetically gifted freaks. They're going to have easy time, neural people, it's going to be harder. But everybody can do this. It's just a mental game. How much are you willing to suffer? I want to have a drink a few times a week how to incorporate that. Since it's probably a legal liability for me to recommend suit casing it, I would just ask how committed are you, how much do you actually want to make this change? Because if it's your number one priority, this is not even a question you ask. If I want to do this one, I'm carpsightling, what are my high days, low days? That's it. You can definitely do the carpsightling. I make the high days, your leg and back day and separate it, maybe a Wednesday and a Saturday. And the rest, that would just do low days where you hate your life. Where do you buy your t-shirts? Baby gap. What's your team powder for losing weight? Now I have three qualifications. Now the first two, they don't change. Those are concrete. So it's fine the best quality protein and try to find one with the least amount of excess calories coming from carbs or fat. But this one's subjective. Find the one that tastes the best. So you might get a few carbs or fat in your protein. It might not be 100% isolate, but at least you're going to be able to drink it and not gag every time. Thoughts on overtraining. Do it. How do you say it? High-perchophie or high-perchrophy? I said, can't I use to say high-perchrophy? Until somebody smarter than me said, I purchased phenethot. That sounds right. My way sounded f***ing stupid. I purchased phenetraining versus power lifting during this phase. Now I'm always trying to put on as much muscle as possible. So my muscle connection, chasing that pump, which has the added benefit of not worrying about the weight and moving because when you're an actual deficit, you're not hitting PRs consistently. And I'm a phone died. So if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll link that below. It's a 30-day program with 20 videos because I think PDFs are bullshit with 20 workouts and it costs 20 bucks. And if you ever got a chance to watch these two videos next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. And get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.