All right, today we're training, failed during the concentric fight the eccentric all the way down, and then barely lock it in and escape with my life. Oh. Oh. And I know some people are gonna disagree with this. Oh. Did anybody really like you anyways? I've made a lot of change. One of those things being that recently I got an alcat, a methyl detox panel, and a micronutrient deficiency test, which I was borderline deficient on five amino acids, two of which being essential amino acids. How? Which led to me getting a custom supplement built, specifically for my needs, so I'll let you know if it's worth a shitter not, because it's not cheap. Also, I've almost finished setting up the lab, which I know it's taken a long time, but the setup isn't even the difficult part. It's learning each individual method used to test for every category of supplement. Yeah. Luckily for me, there's a lady in Phoenix, who is a genius that's taken me under a wing, and is slowly teaching me the dark arts of supplement testing. I'm just a slow learner. Go to any Sylvan Learning Center, if they're still around, you're gonna see a plaque of me on the wall, because my parents spent a record amount of money to try to fix their stupid kid, but didn't work. I did however get a shitload of dinosaur books. Another change I made has to with my training. Before every upper body day, I hit calves, which means that's four, sometimes five days a week. And I know that's excessive, but it's been working. So anything that makes my calves look like less of a disappointment, I will do it. And I know some people are gonna disagree with this, even the fact I'm doing a seated calf, or as instead of a standing, because the gastrop passes too joint, so you should stand to stretch more. I still think the most important thing is your own anecdotal experience. If you get a better connection on an exercise, that's probably the exercise that you should do. And I know it sounds crazy, but there's research to back this up, is I will position my feet a certain way where their toes enter toes out, and selectively target either the lateral head or medial head that entire day. The next time I come in to train, I just switch the position of the feet and start off by targeting the other head back and forth. Now when it comes to warming up before you train your chest, yes, do all the things you need to do in a mobilize and grease up those shoulders, but for me, I found the most important thing is to engage my mid and lower traps. I found that it's nice to have a little bit of a pump and develop that mind muscle connection. That way when you need to pull those shoulders back and down, you can easily do it. The way I do that is the exact same way I warm up when I'm training my back. That's throw band around, tie it behind, create tension and distraction, and rotate back. Well, that sucks today. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. Now, my chest used to be one of my worst body parts. And the Smith machine is probably one of the key reasons my tit started to grow. And it's not because it's such an amazing exercise. It just allowed me to focus on what I now know is the most important thing to get your chest to grow, which is getting that chest as much as you can at length under low. I see previously, I would press with my elbows dropped down about 45 degrees because I felt the better connection during the contraction. But what I noticed is as I dropped into that negative, the e-centric, I would tip my shoulder and all the tension would go into my anterior del. Which is probably the reason why so many people myself included would say, you don't need to train your anterior del. So you hit them when you train chest. What I've learned is you definitely have to train your anterior del if you train your chest correctly. Yep. Hmm. The reason the Smith machine is such a good training aid is because it's a fixed path. All you have to focus on is pulling that elbow back and stretching that chest as you go under the negative. One thing that I think is odd is that for as many people complain about having your anterior del to jump in during chest, I haven't seen anybody have a set up that they do consistently before they bench in, climb dumbbell, whatever. You'll notice my setup is the same every time I do a pressing movement. I first pinch my shoulder blades back and down and get them set that way my shoulders are pulled back. Then I flatten my back on the pad because I don't want to incline bench to turn into a flat bench or a flat to turn into a decline. And then finally, when I go into the e-centric, I'm really focused on pulling those elbows and flaring them out as much as I can to pull that stretch and that tension into my pack and not into my shoulder. Oh, my accent like about Coco Pebble's protein. It's not it. It's no fruity pebbles. To make sure of what is on the same page, rep range does not matter. I did set of 10, 8, 8, 8. This one's gonna be six. I might jump to a set of 20. The most important thing in my eyes to make sure I'm consistently making progress is getting to that point of failure. And that's where things get a little bit tricky because true failure on these is pretty damn close to choking yourself to death. So that's what we're gonna do. I'm a builder in the concentric fight the e-centric all the way down and then barely lock it in and escape with my life. Hey. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Ah. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. You guys remember that rescue dog. I was telling you about that I basically traded my wife for. Hold on. Come on, trippy. This way. The little bastards already Tibetan me twice. But look at his mouth. How much damage is that gonna do. Next up, I'm doing slight incline dumbbell presses, but I'm gonna throw a little wrench in there because. Why not? I notice there's a lot of people that have very little time to get in the gym. So they might only have 30 minutes. There's obviously some great options in terms of collapsing time with drop sets, rest pods, sets, compound supersets. But I wanted to test how effective it would be to have one exercise where you do intercept stretching, basically at the end of your last rep of a set, you go right into a 20 to 30 second stretch. Kind of counter-intuitive because it sounds like you're adding more time to your workout, but in reality you're replacing some of your rest time with more time on your tension. So you should be able to bring the volume down overall and still get the same results. Ehh. That fell off. The idea is obviously to put together a program that you can do in 30 minutes. No excuses and you'll still get incredible results. When I first got the bright idea to do this, I thought, you know what? I'm gonna do 30 seconds because I know based upon the research, 20 seconds kind of the bare minimum dose. I am barely getting 20 seconds. I'm afraid to use a stopwatch because I feel like even though I'm counting to 20 in my head, count real fast. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Ah. The only problem with this is obviously this is a novel stimulus. So I'm gonna get sore. We can't really use that as a testing metric and whether or not it works. What I started to do is reach out to different MRI clinics. There's actually a mobile one that will come and drop off a big trailer here. How fascinating would it be if I did an interest subject design study of myself and I did MRI of different body parts. Said trained one by separately high reps. They had the one really heavy low reps. One tries up in a strict position the whole time. One calf a different way. If you're in Arizona and you have a connection to an MRI, let me know. Shit all fly forward. I don't care. Or if you want to be a part of it, and we can do other intersubject design studies, I'm all for it. There's got to be some random weirdo watching this. It has access to an MRI machine that we can use to test the cross-sectional area of a muscle. That would be phenomenal. Hell, I'll even have one of the random women that's been in one of my videos to fart in a Ziplock bag for you. So... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Now, you might be sitting there thinking that's a shillot of pressing movements to do consecutively. There's no way you're going to be strong. I'm still a fan of machine cable fly and even dumbbell fly to a certain extent. But there is no better way to overload that pack than with a pressing movement. On a fly movement, it's hard to keep it out of those pieces, shit, stabilizing muscles like your biceps is coming down, or even your shoulders are at the very bottom. But in a press, as long as you set up correctly, you'll keep it out of your anterior delts. And if you don't want it to jump into your triceps, just don't come up as high. I now prefer to save those movements to the very end. When my chest is already trash, and it doesn't take much weight to finish it off. I haven't used this one yet, so let's see how heavy it is. Same thing as before. Sholar blades, back, flare them out. I don't care what people say. Offer up is still pretty good. I got this for 1600 bucks. It's no backpages. We're used to be able to get a full body scrub from some random old coogering or back yard above ground pool, but this is pretty nice. My chest is pretty toasty, so I'm probably going to keep this real high rap. 20 reps. Something I've noticed that maybe you guys have two. If I've had exercise like this that I really connect with, I end up speeding up the tempo. I don't know if that's a good thing or that's a bad habit, but for me, it creates even better connection. Obviously, you can force out more reps. I think the amount of reps you get, counteracts the quick, stupid pace. I can't wait to dork out the most disgusting food after this. A little postwork out Chinese food. I've, if. This is such a great moment if you could set it up correctly. Except none of the machines that are made to mimic this, are wide enough soon up pressing on it. And it's a pain to do this at a regular gym because everyone hates you. But oh well, did anybody really like you anyways? Probably not. That brings up an important point on these. When you fail fail while still maintaining the connection with your chest. Who cares about how high you get it up and contract? I know it might feel like you're getting a better connection because you can track it all the way through. But in my experience, what I found is that deep stretch, maintaining the tension on the chest is the most important. Yeah, I mean, I said you can contract all the way up, but you suck you can't. If. I love hot your gym as, but mine. Mine sucks. Hey. I heard the last thing I want to do before I go in and feed that little chubby ball of anger is dips, but I'm going to exaggerate the stretch at the bottom and hold it for a good two, three seconds before I contract up. And I'm not looking forward to it. Maybe. Maybe. If you want to fall along at home, here's the written workout, but I also put a free version of this in the app. I'll link it below so you can just download it and do it in there and that way you can track your weights. Also, if you want to get notified when that 30 minute hypertrophy focus workout comes out, there's a link below to an email list. And as always, every program is only 20 bucks, they're link below. Good luck because you probably won't make it through. You probably won't die. You might die.