Today, we're diving into the research to figure out what's the best way to bring up lagging body parts? Because I have yet to meet one person who doesn't have at least one gifted body part. And it's usually the same muscle you start to see the most progress with when you initially start working out. Mine happened to be triceps. And with average genetics comes body parts that take years to make any progress whatsoever. For me, that's been forms and tasks. And then you have thick Asian women out here who only train their quads once a month and have never trained their calves ever. And it makes you want to give up on life. And I know right now you're probably fighting off a child that's fueled by both jealousy and anger, but we can actually learn a lot from a hyper responder like this. The first thing you realize when you go down the rabbit hole of trying to answer this question is there's very little research around this topic. Typically, I would look for meta-analysis that encompasses all the research done on the topic up to that point. But too bad, there's not one. To gain any real insight, I had to look at every independent study all the way down to the individual results of each participant, which normally you wouldn't want to do, but in this case, we had to. And I'm glad I did because now I have a plan that I think will help all of us bring up those shitty muscles that make us disappointment. At least one of the reasons we're disappointment. There's obviously others. Starting with this within subject design study that compare to a low verse high frequency training split. Three quick notes. Before anybody freaks out about the cross education, in fact, that's a phenomenon that's only related to strength. For example, have you noticed that the non-dominant forearm that you don't really tug with that much hasn't grown at all because it applies to strength? And normally, yes, I hate studies done on untrained subjects, but again, this is within subject design study, so we can still gain a lot of insight. And lastly, this is not low verse high frequency. This is high verse even higher. This is two to three times a week versus fucking five. The reason I think this is such a valuable study is because they had participants trained five times a week on one leg and either two or three times a week on the other leg and the results came out like hot garbage. Looks a little shitty. They did not expect that. Which is fascinating because that potentially means that each one of us will have very unique response to a higher or lower frequency and figuring out what our threshold is will help us unlock some of those shitty non-growing muscles. And actually, it's not just frequency because the two to three times a week leg ended up in every case with a lower total training volume than the five times a week leg and still some people made significantly more progress in the lower frequency, lower training volume leg. It's shocking. You would think, you know, a little more, might be better. Another interesting note is that three people were categorized as non-responders and two of which became responders when doing the alternate protocol in the other leg. This poor guy still ended up as a non-responder and either leg but who knows what he was going through. He could have found his wife with all the decks and his heart wasn't in it. So the obvious question is, how do we find that sweet spot? Do we respond best to one to two times a week? Or we all the way up to five? I'll get to that. But first, back to this meeting bastard. There's some distinct advantages that this thing has over anything that you have. And while they still don't know the exact mechanisms that make somebody like this a hyper-responder, the evidence shows that this thing probably has a greater antigen receptor density enhanced ribosome biogenesis and greater satellite cell activation. I.E. it's not like us. You should jump. The reason I put that, yeah, woman in this video is because one of the best pieces of research I found looked at hyper-responders and compared them to non-responders and had a different set protocol because if we can figure out what makes the non-responders respond, we can fix our inadequacies in theory. And again, this study is by no means perfect. It's done on old fox who are untrained. Come on, this study did have some strengths that used an MRI to measure the cross-sectional area, which is the gold standard. And even though the participants are technically dead, if they can put on muscle, then we should be able to as well. Now again, this was a within subject design study where they had participants trained one leg, one set, twice a week. So two sets total and the other leg, four sets, twice a week, eight sets total. And then they categorized them by non-responders and responders. The results for the non-responders is probably what you would have guessed. Two sets for the average person who doesn't have those Asian leg genetics just isn't enough. So eight sets did better for pretty much everybody except for this poor bastard. Who is probably the same guy who had the wife with all the decks? I think the more interesting result was with the hyper-responders because some did a little better, some did worse, some did exactly the same, and I would not have expected that. I would have assumed those lucky bastards are just better in every way. What I think the big takeaway is that we can all apply to our own training is something that we knew from our own anecdotal training experience is that the muscles that respond really well just don't need as much. And that means we can steal sets from those muscles and apply them towards the ones that do. And for some of us, those hyper-responding muscles might grow just as much or even more. That would be cool. And it's part of the reason I bought so many forearm pieces because it's the muscle I've been focused on bringing up the most. And I might as well just do a review for you. This machines the best I've found for pronation and supination. You can almost see that goddamn ponet or terries. Get there. This one's pretty good. I would say eight at a time because it's really best for those finger flexors and the flexor-police as long as not the most exciting muscles. This one is the goat for any sort of wrist flexion and extension. Because you never know when you're going to need to be able to jerk off an elephant. The main reason I got those pieces is because it made it that much easier to incrementally increase my frequency and volume to figure out what's the perfect amount to get these things to grow. Because you would think hypertrophy would be as simple as increasing myalphibular protein synthesis rates as much and as frequent as possible. But as you've seen from some of these individual results in these studies, everybody has their own volume threshold recovery needs and unique inflammatory response, which could lead to more protein breakdown than a creation if you're not careful. The perfect amount for you could be anywhere from five times a week, all the way down to three to one, which I'm assuming you've already tried by this point. Otherwise you're an idiot why are you watching this video or this asshole who doesn't have to train them at all. To figure out the optimal frequency and volume for you to bring up some of those lagging body parts, this is exactly what I would do. I mean, this is what I did. So yeah, regardless of the day it falls on could be an off day, could be a leg day, every third day I'm training that muscle. And that's based on the premise that myophibular protein synthesis rates in trained individuals last anywhere from 24 to 48 hours. If you feel like that's becoming too much total volume throughout the week, then you steal some of those sets from your more hyper-response of muscle. And after at least eight weeks, if you feel like the results are good, but you're a greedy bastard and you think that could be better, that's when you bump it up to five times a week. And that's based upon the fact that we know the first two to three weeks of any new program that has some sort of novel stimulus or increase of volume, it does very little in terms of hyper-chrophy. In fact, in the first few weeks, the rate of muscle protein synthesis is significantly higher, but that's also paired with increases in muscle damage. For example, Z-Band streaming. If you don't know what Z-Band's are, just think of like the borders of the sarcomer, normally they look nice and neat like this. And you had a novel stimulus or an increase in volume, they get a little fucked up. It's only when the repeated bout effect kicks in and muscle damages attinuated that hyper-chpheed takes place. That's why I tell anybody who buys one of my programs and they ask me what should I do next? Just do it again. The fact that you feel like you've got hit by a bus the first time means your body was just getting used to it. All of this has given me some new ideas for programming. Think about ones that are built just to bring up a specific body part, like arms. Doesn't even mess with your current programming. It just tax on to whatever you're doing. So it starts out every third day and we incrementally increase the volume and frequency and we force those arms to grow. And when it comes to bringing up a lagging body part, while you'll never be this kind of a pitch. There absolutely is a frequency and volume that will grow that body part the most. Your job is to figure out what that is. And you can only do that through slow and painful trial and error. Let's see those casts again. So to wrap it all up, this is how it would structure your training to start growing that shitty body part of yours. Oh, and the garage upper and lower program is now live. It took a long time because I actually went through and added a lot of exercises. So the leg days are even better on this than they were on the full gym version. There's a lot of hard shit. Good luck.