All right, today we're talking about a recent video I did on extreme dieting because apparently it caused a little miniature shit storm as much as I like to pull a stone cold and call it a day. There's some good stuff to talk about. So let's get after it. So first I understand why some people got pissed because nobody has that same extremist mentality, but I thought back to myself when it first started working out and getting into bodybuilding and looking at the magazines, follows people that looked just ridiculous. The results were just on a whole other level and thinking back, I wish I had somebody just to sit me down and tell me the truth. Hey, there are little buddy. See, looking at those people in the magazine, you're probably thinking that's the drugs you're taking or maybe they're just born with better genetics. But the thing that makes the biggest difference is the fact they're willing to work harder. They're more than happy suffering to achieve that ridiculous ideal they have. And in fact, they live such a structured life. They didn't even think of it as suffering. It's just part of who they are. And that's always something I'm personally striving for. I want to be improving at such a rapid rate that every time I run into an actually think, God, I hated that guy, but it's definitely making progress and man, my nipples are hard. But I had to take a step back and realize that not everybody wants to live on that extreme end of the spectrum. This isn't their life. Most people want to make incremental improvements over the long haul, which I 100% respect. And as far as making a video to fire back at people, that'll never happen. That's not me. You would think so because I'm a straight-asshole, but I look at those people as blessings because at their very worst, they're just a reminder to be better. And the only reason you get defensive is because you think you know everything, but I sure as fuck don't. For example, one thing that was highlighted that's definitely incorrect or the very least misleading is I said your kiddies would not appreciate an access amount of protein. I started digging deep into it and then realized, must have been an old adage that was stuck in my head that is bullshit. And don't act like you've never done that. I'm sure as a kid growing up, you probably tell all your friends, my mom is the nicest person. She's got more friends and anybody I know. And then you come home early from school one day and you find her a citizen in your art teacher. Comment below something you thought for sure was true. And you found out the truth. You were shocked. Something other than this is ring. So the lesson is do fucking better. For instance, in the past I made videos on ankle mobility and I felt people were enter a pelvic tilt, but it's not something I do every day and it's something I want to immerse myself with. So I found a physical therapist that I can intern with because eventually I want to be able to help people in that arena. Because at the end of the day, all these concepts and exercises, they've all been shown before. I just try to add a little bit of insight, share my experience, add a few dick jokes. So hopefully that light bulb in your head goes off and you can make progress. And as far as extreme dieting goes, I'm still going to do it. It's just who I am, but I'll start making diet content that isn't for just the mentally disturbed. Or I'll just say earmuffs and you'll know what to do. At the end of the day, I'm just your friendly neighborhood asshole that's sharing what he's learned along the way. I'll leave you with these two quotes. The first one comes from a 75 year old guy named George. He was an old school retired mafia guy and his favorite thing a life was hookers. So I take him out to lunch once a week just to hear his crazy stories. And one time he laid with on me that was most disturbing, disrespectful, discriminating story I ever heard. When I asked George, how did you even deal with that? He looked at me and said, kid, I would never want to be part of a club that would have me as a member. That's stuck with me. And the last one comes from another guy I respect because in spite of being a confessole, he was wildly successful. Probably what I like so much about him. But one day during a conversation question got asked, how you deal with all the negativity? He simply just said, those are matter, don't mind. Those are mine, don't matter.