Oh, we got a lot to cover today. Sets, wraps, overtraining. My name is getting to all your dad left from your five. So, heavy, get it. If you're ready, let's get it after it. Let me start with this because a similar problem comes up and then pursuit of putting on muscle, it has a lot to do with the mental game. What's the biggest fear that anybody who works out hands when they're trying to decrease their body fat? Man, woman doesn't matter. They all say the same thing. I just don't want to lose any muscle mass. I work so hard for it. I just can't sacrifice when it works so hard for. To me, this thought process will completely hold you back. You'll never make a significant change because those dramatic results lie in the extreme ends. Whether you're trying to lose body fat, put on muscle, you really have to push yourself to a new extreme to get results. Could you lose muscle? Yeah, you could. But that's not your problem. I figured this video is watching, which was completely unrelated, but it made perfect sense to me. Someone called in and they were like, hey, I'm having trouble saving money. And the guy was like, your problem's not saving money. He just don't make enough. And to me, like, bone went off with that. But obviously with the gym as well, it's not about losing body fat and holding on whatever muscle mass you have. Just put on more muscle. And at that point, it gives you some, if you lose a little. I'm sure you're sitting there thinking, okay, easier sitting down, I'm talking about a whole face. Piece of shit. Chode. I'm gonna keep that one. I'm gonna believe that out. Chode, you're real. In my experience, most everyone has a higher genetic ceiling than they think. Really what I'm trying to say is, you're not held back by a genetic, so don't use that as an excuse. All you have to do is master intensity and consistency. You get those right, your golden. You're gonna grow. But one question comes up a lot that for me, raises a red flag. Like when a girl says she's dancing the pair of weights through college, that's great. They started to recognize your ability to pick up a dollar with her app to all those credits towards your degree. Good for you. And that's what I'm gonna message you about not putting the sets and reps in the description. Because from my perspective, that has nothing to do with whether or not you're gonna be successful. Because even when I put them in there, you shouldn't just do exactly what I did. If anything, you should take it and go, that's pretty good, and try to push it even further. So say I did eight sets, push it to nine, did sets of 20, do 25, did a couple drops sets, do even more. The idea should be, that's not even enough. You should push yourself beyond what I'm doing. So the next logical question is, what's the best number of sets and kind of rep range for me? And honestly, I air on the side of overtraining. Because one, it's where you actually see somebody who overtrains. Our bodies are capable of a lot more than our minds are willing to push through. And the second thing is, even if you're that rare exception and you are overtraining, you're still gonna get better results in somebody that's not training hard enough. And it's simple. At that point, I could do it just dial it back a little bit. Let me give you an example because I've done some dumb things in my life. One time me and a buddy just sat down were like, what can we do that would suck the most? Well, if we train legs every other day, that would probably, we'd hate that. So we did it for an entire month. Our legs didn't grow. I don't think you should ever try this. This is not an effective way to train, because for me, some of the fun of working out, it's just a mental side in the scene which are actually capable of doing we didn't get any progress during that month. But the cool thing happened is after that month, we didn't train legs for like three weeks and they blew up because I think they were just so overtrained that once we dial it back to really not even training at all, they started to respond. So the moral of today's story time is that whether you see myself or somebody else puts sets and reps in the description, don't look at that as your road to success. Look at it as a challenge. Say, okay, I see your nausea inducing leg workout. I'm gonna raise that to slightly vomiting my mouth by slowing down the reps or pausing at the bottom, or adding a completely different exercise to it, because that will lead to more results. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you're good growing. I'll talk to you soon. Oh, if you're wondering why I left, but wasn't him. It was you. You were a little laugh-ful.