All right, today we're hitting legs and we're taking all the hardest things you can do and putting in one workout. So if you have trouble growing those legs, this will fix that. If you've ever had somebody to tell you to go fuck yourself and you sat there and wondered, what does that even look like? This is what that looks like. All right, so we're starting off with the barbell split squat. Now we're going to have to do a couple sets, just body weight, just get everything warmed up. But then when we get into it, we're going to make a couple tweaks to make it that much harder. First, because I want this to be more of a quad dominated movement, I'm going to slightly lean forward, putting more pressure on that quad. And then we're also going to slow it down so we can really focus on getting nice deep stretch, but also controlling that contraction, making sure we're flexing up, driving through that heel. Finally, we're going to open up that quad to give it more room to work. Because if you stay straight in line, you're going to blame on that quad, yeah, it's still a good movement, but we want to open it up and feel like you're pulling yourself off the ground. A couple quick notes on that one. First, you can tell by driving that knee out, you're pulling more than that media-less. If you want to hit more of that ladder-house, just keep that leg straight. Just got to be careful not to bounce off of your leg and actually use your stomach to drive you up. Second thing is, just like all the quad things that talk about, don't come all the way up. Make sure you're contracting the way up, stopping, pausing, flexing, and then back down. I'm going to do like this. You're going to want one of these. All right, next horrible idea. We're going to do some high rep sets on stiff legs. Now, I'm going to use straps now because it's heavy, but because I want to be able to let that weight drift forward and pull it back up without thinking about just gripping on, just barely holding onto these. These were pretty damn well. Just pulling from those hamstrings. Also, when I get down with my set, I can annoy this shit out of the person next to me. And to put even more stress on those hamstrings, you're going to let that bar drift forward, but to keep that bar path the same straight up and down. I'm going to drive those hips back at the same time. So it's going to be extreme stretch on those hamstrings and slowly contract it up. So it'll feel like you're drifting forward, but because those hips are dropping back and you're stretching those hamstrings more, it's going to be straight up and down. This is another exercise. You're going to get more out of it by not locking it out because you're going to contract through those hamstrings into those glutes. And then if you go any higher than you drive into that lower back, or you're going to be that one person who drives it all the way back and I don't know what you're doing with your life. First ever doing old school hip thrust off the floor, but we're doing a little bit different. The way I normally do these is almost as if I think the size of my junk is correlated to how much I can hump off the floor. And it ends up looking cool. The bar bends and it just smashes on the ground, makes a lot of noise. People get freaked out, but the bar almost cuts you in half, even with these nice pads that feel like they take some of the tension off, feels like you're getting sawed in half by the bar. So we're going to intensify it in a different way. First thing is I'm going to go so disgustingly slow that 2205 is going to feel heavy. Also, I'm treating this movement like an abductor to really contract those glutes even more. So I start up by slightly turning out those toes and making sure during the negative part of the movement, those knees stay in line with those toes. But as I contract up, I'm opening up those hips, driving those knees out and just blowing that ass out in a non-mixie-confood gun-away. Alright, let's ruin our life in the last set. So we're going to do front squat and then right into walking lunges. Now the front squat, feet are nice and close, toes turned out, driving those knees out. I mean, it's light, 135, but still could kill me at this point. So since this is a full leg day, all three sets of lunges are going to be different. The first one's more quad dominant. So it's a shorter step. You're going to let that knee drift over your toe unless you've had 70 surgeries. Don't do that. If you haven't, you're good to go. Let drift over your toe and then come up about three quarters away. Maybe even half way just to keep that tension on the quad. Next set is your entire leg. So you want to step out to where you're about 90 degrees and you can drive equally from that quad hamstring glute all the way through. And the last one I really want you to reach out with that, because I want you to feel like you're pulling yourself up with your hamstring and you're going to drag that back leg to get out. Couple of things to note. First I caught my ass a week in it and a couple of those front squat reps. So make sure you don't let that butt tuck underneath like I did. I'll just frame my back to be so strong that it just disregard my feelings altogether. And because I know I'm going to get 175 emails on this, I want to put the link to this pad. These straps and this mongo-sized water bottle probably won't be affiliate links because you're going to know I'm not having that. Share the link to one of my other favorite leg videos. Also just another one of my favorites in general. And then make sure and most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.