All right, today we're going over how to circumcise. Now, maybe next time. All right, today we're going over three things you should do during every single shoulder workout to build even more muscle because there's levels to this shit. Let's get after it. You know what I love about this? There's been almost a million people that raise their hand and self-identified to say, I'm just as messed up as you. Yeah, there's the case on one's a pop-on and say, your videos are littered with jokes. You're not funny. You're an asshole to them. Probably very true. But for the ones who get it, they recognize that a lot of times, I'm not telling jokes. I'm just sharing the most disgusting parts about being human being. The things that most people try to hide, I lean into it. For instance, I'm sure you've been in the bathroom, tugging away, looked up and made eye contact with the most disturbing version of yourself and thought, that's what I look like. That's what I'm offering the opposite sex. No wonder it took me so long to lose my virginity. My wife is sick. But as you quickly have heard of your eyes, you've got a glimpse of your shoulders and thought, well, let's look pretty good. Wish they could always look like that. That's what today's video is about. Alright, number one, the first thing you can do to ensure you're building even more muscle from your shoulder workouts is understanding that there's always a better way to kick your own ass. Specifically, no matter what exercise you're doing, there's always a more intense variation that you probably should be doing. Now to explain this, I need some sort of scale that I can show you the differences and I don't like amateur pro elite that's ridiculous. And I've used Dragon Ball Z and Doom in the past. So if you've seen the movie waiting, this will make sense. If not, go watch it and come back. If you're in the program, you know, I love bus drivers because they're incredibly difficult. They're also hard to screw up and they're humiliating, so that's wonderful. Now, if you've never done them before, you want to start at that flash and go level, which is three, four sets, 20 reps each, adequate rest in between, and that will be a rude awakening because there's very few exercises that push that much blood. But when you're ready to level up to the brain, you're going to limit the rest, increase the reps and treat like a rest pause. Because whenever you collapse time, you always subsequently make it more intense, but it can get even worse. Just by taking that supporting hand off the bottom of the plate, just for a second, we'll level you up to the bat wings. What's the go at you ask? Well, I'll do an every single rep with a front raise. That's the go. The second thing you can do to ensure you get even more growth from your shoulder, is understanding that sometimes you're going to look like an asshole, because good forms should be more centered around what you connect with, unless worrying about what everybody else thinks. I don't know if I've said this before, but I can't overstay it. Don't be afraid to do weird shit. So often do I see people that you have to do in the same exercise over and over, and you know they don't have a great connection to it, because they have more blood in their face than they're doing their dealt. So, don't be afraid to experiment. And you can do this in several ways. One of my favorites is using machines in correctly, because people don't know what to do. You obviously look like you know what you're doing, but at the same time you don't, blows their fucking minds. One of my favorites is on the machine side lateral, instead of just doing the typical way, turn sideways, do one arm in a time, and hit that anterior and that lateral head. It's a great exercise. Fucks of the people's heads. But this even applies to the way you do your dumbbell side lateral. Because if you study people with really great shoulders, you're going to notice, they all do their lateral raises differently. Some people have a straight arm. Some people pull up like a wide grip up right row. Some people pretend like they're in a machine fly. Now, if I saw that last one on the other side, I'd wait around the corner of the bathroom holding the brain, so I can give two kicks. But as I've gotten older, I realize it all works. Oftentimes, I'll change the way I do them on a weekly basis. I just test each one of them and see what I connect with. And that's what I do. Even these fucking things. And the third thing you could do to ensure you could even more growth from your shoulder workouts is by starting your workouts with something that could potentially ruin your workout. Sounds kind of productive, but your shoulders are so resilient. They could take a beating that starting with a static hold out to the side for five minutes straight or doing 10, says a 10, a quick side lateral is a little rest in between. It's just going to push so much blood in those delts that no matter what you do after, you're going to have a great connection to. And you just have to get over the mental battle of holy shit. Now I have to start my workout. I feel like I'm going to die. Once you get past that, it's going to be a great workout and you're going to grow more. Once you get past that. So if you want to see what it's like to die from overdosing on bus drivers, I'll leave a link to the full gym program and the garage one in the description. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. If you happen to be cheap, here's a couple of shoulder videos that help you get started. And then you could figure out how to still 20 bucks for your mom's purse. But we'll get there. Most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.