Today we're training legs. If you've ever had trouble growing your quads, then this is the exercise I would focus on the most. Oh. Well, that was stupid. Should the next one's gonna go great. It's a side tangent, anybody wanna throw their two cents in and what all those drones are? It's a couple of quick updates. I started taking FSH and H-C-G because I'm trying to impregnate my wife. Now most your alleges will just give you clomid and clomid is for babies. The reason I'm sharing this is because I think it's gonna help a lot of people because my total sperm count and sperm motility before was zero. And when I say zero, I'm not just saying, oh, it was kind of, it's fucking zero. Obviously because I've been on testosterone since the second grade, but after taking this for a few months, now it's kind of ridiculous. So I'll keep you updated if, also recently, I injured my back doing who knows what that turned into some sort of sad egg nervous you that when I bent over one side of my glute just lit up, so I started taking BPC-157, which didn't do much. Then I dug into the research more and remembered and added the T-B-500th I'm a symbioteer for to it. And it's amazing how well it works. The only reason I brought that up is because I don't even know why they sell them separately. It doesn't even make sense because the more you look at the research, the more you realize they work hand in hand with each other. Think about it like the buddy system when you're a kid and you had to go to the bathroom, you had to take another kid with you that we didn't get dittled. It's that important. So if you're injured, take both. There's a reason they call it the Wolverine staff. T-B-500 enhances angiogenesis and cell migration, while BPC-157 modulates the growth factors that support angiogenesis and preserve cell integrity. Take them both. Still, personally doing an upper lower split. And we've already gone through an example of an upper day. So I thought this would be a good chance to go through a lower day and go through some specific things that I've been doing that's been working really well for legs on top of that. I also got a bunch of new shit. These custom mods and dumbbells that are incredibly heavy. And I know it's kind of darkened to get the app logo on there. And I originally submitted a picture of one of my ex's butt holes just to be a dick. But when they sent back the CAD drawing, it just looked like a giant gap. So I figured that's a little too mean. So we went with the app logo. This Ben Bacolsky Bens to get thinner on the way up. So you can retract your scraps around it. So when you're training chests, you can open that chest up and get a nice deep stretch. It doesn't seem like a big deal, but it's brilliant. A vertical leg press. And I know a lot of people should on this machine because it limits your range of motion, but this one is special. Not only can you adjust the foot plate, but you can change the angle of the back pad. So now when all that blood's rushing to your legs, it's also rushing to your head. It takes you back to the good old days when you just have to tie a belt around your neck. A true squat. And if you know, you know, and lastly, a new updated version of the old school west side barbell hip quad developer. And if you've never done this before, think of it like the reverse of a leg extension. Your feet are stuck in place and your body moves around it very hard. I like to start out every leg day with a little dorsy flexion. And I do believe you can buy a specific muscles, based on which ones are our longer length when you start the movement. So for these, I'll go toes in and hit the EDL, and then I'll go toes out to be Alexandria. And you don't need a tip machine. You could do the same thing with dumbbells, just put a dumbbell between your feet and do it that way, toes in, toes out, or even better, use a kettlebell and do it unilaterally. Either way, it's better than what you're currently doing, which is probably nothing. One of the unforeseen benefits of having my left calf, split in half, specifically the sole is right down the center, and having every calf muscle, including both heads of the gastrochrome shrink to half the size sucked. Was it allowed me to actually take time to figure out what exercises grew at the most? Because now it was so small like it actually see a difference. One of them was a CD calf raise that I did unilaterally where I tried to target each of the gastrochrome heads by turning the toe in or out, and I know that doesn't make sense because it crosses two joints, so it should be more straight leg movements, but maybe it's just because you're locked in, you could focus on it more, and then you can actually flex on the outside of your foot, or it's stretching more distally, I don't know, tear your calf and see if it's the same for you. The other exercises been really effective, is a lighter Smith machine single leg calf raise, where I have a plate on the ground. In this case, one of those big stupid rogue plates, that are awful to pick up, but good for this, and I take my foot and I put in at different angles and flex around the plate. Very good. Side tangent, anybody want to throw their two cents in, and what all those drones are? I'm not gonna lie, I'm a little biased. I have quite a large collector, and I've seen the Bobless R episode like 10 times, so I think the drones are ours, and the orb is something else entirely. One of my favorite ways to start a leg date calfs aside, when we get it actually hitting the hard shit, is that the other leg is a little bit more than a leg. I'm not gonna lie, I'm a little biased. I have quite a large collection of tinfoil hats, and I've seen the Bobless R episode like 10 times, so I think the drones are ours, and the orb is something else entirely. The hard shit is with the seated hamstring curl. When it comes to training, there's a lot of things that are very simple and easy to measure to make sure that you're on the right track and making progress. Are you hitting enough volume? How's your form? Are you just a complete mess? Or is it still hitting the intended muscle you're trying to target? But the one thing that's hard to teach more than anything else is intensity. A good question to ask yourself, how can I do this exercise in a way that I will look forward to the least? And I will hate the most. So today on these instead of doing a straight set, or even a drop set, I'm going to do a rest-pause set, but instead of setting the weight down, I'm going to hold that stretch and just sit there and pain for a while, take a couple of deep breaths, go again, rest, but not really rest. It's still sucks, and then go again. Oh, fucking dumb. Ah, well, that was stupid. I'm sure the next one's going to go great. Thanks. I'll be able to complain why I don't have all the walls. Look. They complained that the gym has never done. For instance, the walls need to be taped and painted, but the problem is they quoted me three grand for that. And I can get a mega mass linear row for the same, even less than that. Why would I... Who cares? No one's in here, but me. I always put holes in the wall. One thing I would love to invest in is to cut a hole in the wall, that's almost like one of those when you're at the hospital, the little pee flumbles, and I'll just let it go all the way outside, because I don't like to walk inside the pits. I usually don't. I usually piss in a water bottle. So if I had a little hole that I could stick my junk in and piss right outside, that's the next upgrade. Then maybe I'll do the walls. Another thing I like to do in here, and this could be one of those weird placebo things that you just convince yourself, it's true, but every time you grab on, I feel like you could force out a few more reps. So we can use that to our advantage, and turn it into a mechanical drop. So that's what I'm going to do in this last set. And make this already a bad idea, even worse. Yep. Mmm. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. If you've ever had trouble growing your quads, then this is the exercise I would focus on the most. I would program every single leg day, a quad dominate Bulgarian split squat. It allows you to focus on one leg at a time, so you can see how screwed up your foreman. So you're going to notice that one ankle is less mobile than the other ankle. You're going to hip as tight. Your knees isn't tracking like it's supposed to, and no wonder your quads are growing. Different rates, but also sometimes not even at all, because you're dropping into your hip and getting more glute, when you should be getting more quads, but it translates to every other quad exercise. So if you can fix it here, it will translate to everywhere else. Now obviously, I'm going to use this machine that very few people have me, Sean Clarita, some old lady probably still hasn't her garage, and hasn't died yet, and given it back to the world that deserve it. But the Smith version is just as good. It just takes a little bit more to set it up. This one has a built-in angle on the actual platform. That one you have to throw a 10 down, and you know, it's pain-ass. Also, what are your guys that thoughts on knee sleeves? I personally love them, and I've never had knee issues other than my meniscus when I was in high school, but part of the benefit of the knee, it just could be the actual increased blood flow to the knee. I haven't even looked into it, but that's my guess. Recently, I just ran into a kid in Vegas, and he was like, oh my God, I've watched your videos. I love all the knowledge you gave, and I, where did you go to school? I had to break it to the kid that, I mean, if you've seen any of my first videos, I don't know that I was just spinning anecdotal bullshit, and I had no idea what I was talking about, because I didn't. I was just doing what worked for me, and hopefully that helped other people. There is no prerequisite to this. My advice for anybody that wants to learn more about a particular subject is just dive in, read as much as possible about it, and be curious. For example, recently I got down this rabbit hole of CTC, circulating tumor cells, and ended up getting connected to this guy who developed a filter that can test your blood for any circulating tumor cells, and it can be anywhere from stage four all the way down to stage zero. So, potentially, we could detect cancer way before it even happens, and way before a tumor actually developed, just circulating cells. So, who the fuck? I'll probably end up doing a video on that, because it's fascinating, and I've had so many people affected by cancer. It's just, fuck cancer. More all of the story, whatever you're interested in, dive in, because the reality is, everybody's an asshole, that wants you to think that they're smarter than they really are, but in truth, we're all just idiots trying to cover up for own insecurities. Me, I was a C student, I had a list until I was four, and I learned a jerk off with one of those pens that, it's on the infirmary so that it's shake, and you'd write, and it would be a little dutel pen. I just shove that against my junk for about 30 minutes. That's the first time that I, that's my level of intelligence. So, he's gonna be a very quad dominant day, considering about a bunch of quad equipment. Obviously, most people are not gonna have this at their gym. I mean, if you do, by all means go up to the end of the gym and give a little tickle, because it's a rare gym. But, it's still gonna apply to every other quad exercise you do, because you can do this two ways. You can set up normally regular stance, let it drop back, and do a squat, or you can find a way to increase the length of that quad, and the stretch on your quads, by back and those feet up, and the same thing applies to a regular squat, or a Smith squat, just elevate your heels, and make sure when you're at 90 degrees, it's the greatest possible stretch. Also, I've been getting a lot of emails for people that say they want to upper lower program that's a garage version. If you do, somebody make a little comment and say, you know, one of those stupid ones, hey, heart this if you want a garage version, that would be great. If enough people do, I'll create a garage version with a couple different exercises that I've been working in lately, that would be perfect for that. Time out. Game on. I'm gonna start over the couple straight sets, and then do some drops. Oh. Oh. Five. Still fairly light, so it doesn't count, but still hurts. If you've never trained legs in your socks, I would try it unless you're gonna get kicked out of your gym. The one thing you're gonna notice is, holy shit, do I do a lot of weird stuff in my feet? Like when I'm trying to drive my knees out, I'll catch myself rolling on the outside of my feet, which obviously is bad. It would just keep you more aware of what the hell's going on, because when they're in your shoes, you don't realize, but you're screwing up all the time. No. No. There's just a stick in like this. See? The bottom of the head. It's all overrated. Swar a seat belt. One of my favorite exercises for glutes is a glute-based RDL. Now the key on these is to make sure you don't just do a regular stiff leg or RDL and you fill in your hamstrings, you sit back into your hips, so as you're going down, you actually hold the weight of the bottom and feel that stretch under your glutes, and instead of just pulling the weight up, you can track it up. So you should be able to feel that flex, drive you forward, and don't just hump it forward. I mean, you can't, but I prefer you didn't. Someone just commented that the stance low goes supposed to go on the inside, but is it look like I got my shit together and look? Sure, you're not supposed to have a hole in the bottom. You should see my fucking underwear. I'm a mess. Just trying to keep it together over here. That's going to be a bad angle. Alright, let's finish up with this bastard. You can see what a crazy machine this is. Especially the way I do it, where I barely drop my hips to put as much pressure on the quad as possible and then pull myself up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Normally at the end of all that, I would just throw a free workout in the soil app and just give it to you guys. But I did so many weird machines today that it's probably not going to help. So if you want the best leg day possible, just buy the new upper lower program. It's only 20 bucks. You need the garage version and enough people comment. They want it. Give me a week. Alright, I'm going to do this one more time and then I'm going to go piss and blood. Up.