In 17 weeks, my weight went from 2.17 to 2.30. Not that significant. Cool part though is body fat percentage, stayed exactly the same. So the question is, how much cardio should you be doing the lose weight? Maybe I'll show you these little shits and light. This is my treadmill. Since I've had it, I've used it 15 whole minutes. And it was awful. Maybe you're thinking of more of a high intensity guy, but as you can tell by the random shoe and the dog toy, this doesn't get used. Maybe because I live in Arizona and you think I love to hike, kind of sick, if you think I am. Couple of quick notes. First, I use an embodied scanner to track my progress, which claims to be the most accurate, but common sense will tell you otherwise. And then you start digging through their FAQs and you realize they're margin for errors 2% body fat. Really I'm just using it to give me a ballpark. I can be anywhere from 10.6 to 6.6, not 6.6, but it just gives me an rough estimate of where I'm at. And the second thing is, I hate to use myself as an example. I think it takes a special kind of asshole to make a video just solely around themselves. But I needed some sort of evidence to prove my point. And that is the only way to build a sustainable program centered around fat loss is not relying on cardio to get your results. I used to see this a lot with competitors, just horror stories and previous coaches who didn't know how to manipulate the diet or break through plateau is all they could do is just up the stimulants up the cardio. By the time the show came their eating thermogenics like Tic Tac and they're doing two hours of cardio a day, having to sit down to pee, which wouldn't be a bad thing if these weren't all men. Don't get me wrong. Cardio is incredibly important, just as far as cardiovascular health, but also as a tool to break through any plateau. But when you make it the foundation of your program, what happens when you hit that sticking point? First thing that comes to mind is, I'll just up the cardio. And yeah, you'll get results for a period of time, but that's not sustainable. To continually make progress, you gotta play the long game. And that's figuring out how to get results with just diet and your training alone. Cool story, bro. How does that help me? Here's a good starting point. Take your BMR, times it by the Harris Benedict formula. Now obviously this is on the low end. I'm not that inactive, but for me and most people have worked with, this is usually the sweet spot. That formula will give you the calorie deficit you need to get results. And then if you feel yourself stalling or you start sticking at a certain body fat percentage, you can pull out some cardio, but not for long. One, two, three days, whatever takes you to get you over that hump. And then once you do, pull it out again. And my experience, your body just needs a little nudge. And once it gets it, you're back to making progress. If your program is centered around cardio, you gotta continuously increase it. You get diminishing returns. And over time, you're just lighter in general. So it's not gonna burn as many calories. At that point, you're gonna be back to square one. You're not gonna be the deficit anymore. If you've been to this video, I did on muscle building and diet tips. Also another one of my favorites. Make sure most importantly, like, subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.