Alright, today we're going over all my favorite side lateral variations because I know if you try all of these You're gonna find one you connect with more that's gonna transform the way you train your shoulders and just blow up those doubts But also because the reason I get to do this is it lost on me? It's because of people like you who watch this so when you request something I make it because I know where I'd be otherwise I'll be on some street corner flipping a sign that gives bad directions and talking shit to people Hey, what's your name? You're Tony Let me first preference by saying that a lot of the exercises I do I would consider to be on the fringe some people might consider them dangerous But I feel like if you use light enough weight you could show it through the moment You're gonna localize that pressure to whatever Delta had had you're trying to hit But if you don't feel comfortable doing don't do them Although I would argue that that crunch wraps a cream that you inhaled before watching this video Probably a little more harmful to your health, but to each their own by the start of the little Reacency bias because I'm doing these a lot lately now instead of that traditional side lateral with that thumbs up Poms supernated that shoulders open up and your squeeze out to the side up and opt to stabilize myself on a bench and coming a little bit different path Because the other way starts out great you're coming up at about three cores the way in you naturally just duck that head forward and those Mongoloy traps eat the entire movement and even if you don't have huge traps You're still naturally gonna duck that head forward because it's just the path of least resistance So instead you can kneel on a bench that's on a steep incline legance there and really arch that back that way You know that those delts that they only think firing through the movement and then from there It's figuring out what's the best path for you so for me It's just letting those arms drift forward and then from there I got those palms open and I'm squeezing back a little bit of angle and really trying to pull through that lateral head Pull up and back at the same time or the other way you can do it as flip around lay back against that bench and do the exact same movement But for this one you have to actually hold that hand in front of you at the bottom that way you can pull back on that same path And really to judge which one's best for you. It's easy which one you connect more with that delt and less trap simple Music idea Music Since the bench is already set up, let me go with my two favorite unilateral variations because one of their distinctly different movements and you're definitely going to have a favorite. Good at that same mindset and thought process going to each of them because unlike every other lateral raise you're going to do where you feel that an entire head when you fire, this one's different because of that angle and how you're driving that weight up, you should feel all that pressure localized right to the insertion point if you do, you're doing it right. If you don't, you're an asshole. There's somebody that typically does heavy trap laterals where you're basically flexing everything from your neck to your scrotum then this is going to be pretty jarring for you because it's a very light and controlled movement. A good physical cue you can have for both these variations to let you know you're doing it right. You should have that flat flaired open that'll limit the range of motion you can have and keep all that pressure right on the dealt. For the first variation you have a slight bending your arm that dumb was going to be in front of you but most importantly you want to lead with that elbow because the last thing you want is to try to pull that dumbbell up because the anterior delts can eat the entire moment. So make sure you lead by pulling with that lateral head. And for the second variation, you'll lock that arm out, pull that dumbbell behind you but not come straight to the side, actually go back in an angle because worst case you get a little rear delton ball but more than likely you're going to have pain that side doubt that you don't felt since you got a tetanus shot when you're a little girl. So I rarely ever walk up to the rack and do straight sets of side laterals because to me I just didn't do anything for me so I'll make some sort of tweak to try to get even more out of it. So whether it's with speed or there are so the positive so the negative or both range emotion will do partial to the bottom or partial to the top or some sort of intensity modifier where I'm doing drop sets or sending sets or like this set I'm about to do where I'll take three of my favorites and make one swamp ass of a set. For the first exercise I'm going to do partial to the top where I start with that dumbbell slightly below parallel and then flex it above. Now you're going to have to use really lightweight and if you don't feel comfortable doing that just turn that thumb up or just stay below parallel the entire time but make sure you stay towards the top of the movement. Then we'll grab some heavier weight, open up those shoulders and do partial to the bottom of the movement, kicking those dumbbells out and back. And then cutting that weight in half and do regular side laterals but with this one of four count negative, it's not going to be pretty. All right, one more variation for those people who have a really hard time connecting those delts. You should start with these or if you're not quite certain you hit them as hard as you should and you haven't had time to go to bathroom and check for stains. This will make you certain of it. You're going to either start or finish your workout with a static hold so grab the weight you would normally use for regular side laterals. You're going to flare those lats open, flex those shoulders and hold it for at least 60 seconds. If you grab a weight and you realize 15 seconds in, this isn't heavy enough. Instead of just killing an entire set, start doing pulses at the top and I guarantee it'll get heavy. So if you like this video, here's one of my other favorite times shoulders. Also one of my just favorites in general, I did recently. But most importantly, make sure you subscribe and hit the notification bell and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.