After the last video, I had a couple of questions from people asking them going to go to even more detail on developing peak on those biceps. So I thought it'd be fun to do a series. We've got a long head short head, maybe break your ass. Randomly, I did get a question from somebody asking I can help them jump higher and dunk a basketball. I don't know what the fuck you think this is, but I'm not helping you dunk a basketball. I think somebody saw one of my past jokes and go out hard in the paint. Took a little too seriously. I worry about you people. Let's get after it. So when you're walking into gym and you're so focused to develop a ridiculous peak on those biceps, a couple of things I want you to think about in terms of exercise selection other than the typical worries you're going to have when you walk in a gym. Like today, I smell some of my protein shake all over my shirt and looks like I've violently chill over myself. Specifically, he's doing any exercise to take advantage of one or even better a common acidity things. First, any curl where your hands are close together. I just like to think of it as closing off that short head, not allowing me to jump in and take over the movement and focusing on that long head. Next, any exercise where you're over-subbing that wrist at the top of the movement. And then finally, based upon how it originates, putting the advice up in a stretched position. Now that in itself, not the most interesting, but what it is is the incredible exercise we can develop knowing those things. Let's start with three of my favorite cable variations. First, with the B-bar. Now the nice part about this is it checks two boxes. First, being you have to turn those hands in. So again, it limits how much that short head can work. But also, you're trying to keep that palm on the bar the entire time. So you have to overexadrate and supinate that wrist when you come up at the very top. And it creates this horribly painful, sadistic pump in the peak of those biceps. Obviously, you guys know how to feel about dry curls. Basically, my only friend growing up. So we can pair that with a rope. Not only get the stretch in the bicep, but also the exaggeration to the top as well. And the last one doesn't look like it, but it checks the box in all three. Because you're able to flare the elbow up to the side. Again, limiting that short head. Obviously, your biceps already in stretch position there. And then as you come up, you'll supinate ever so slightly. And it sucks in a good way. Now, dumbbells are also an incredible way to really attack the peak of that bicep. The long head, especially when talking about the supination that wrist. Even if you're lazy for a fake dry curl for instance, obviously that long hand is going to be inherently lit up because your elbows back in a stretch position. But you can passively overexadrate the supination that wrist by pulling your hand even closer. And so as you curl up, it just drops that dumbbell down. It gets more of a contraction, more of a supination. Light it up even more. So this next one's a little funny looking, but let's be honest. Your mom was always too nice. She never had the heart to tell you, but you're funny looking. So this one's for you. So what you're going to do is shove those dumbbells together. As you come up, really supinate this wrist and roll them out. And again, it's just taking advantage of the supination of this wrist. But just like the one where you have one dumbbell, and you're pulling it straight up. Problem with that, though, as most people's wrists can't take that as too close together. So that little bit of separation and be able to push against that dumbbell actually roll against it. We'll help you even more until the easier the wrist. And it's going to hurt like hell. Now, if you didn't connect with any of those, then you're so broken and it's phenomenal. But if that's the case, just stick to what you know you already connect with and crank up the Intensating another way. For instance, I'm going to do a drag curl with the rest of the second hole at the top, and then I'm going to go right into a closed grip curl where I'm just wrapping it out. I'm going to go back and forth and again, if you don't connect with that, then you're always taking a pick of all. As always, like subscribe, make sure you hit that damn notification bell. Leave a comment for the video one next. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.