I don't know about you, but I definitely want to start this year off with some bigger man-made plus, too, because even if you take measurements of your chest, you realize it's symmetrical, but it just doesn't quite look right. That's because chest is one of those muscles that really benefits the overall look of your physique when it's overdeveloped. We're going to start off by going over a critical mistake I was making recently. If I want to continue, those workouts would have been a complete waste. On top of that, go over some other exercises. You're going to really connect with, but most importantly, put some size on those chest ankles. Let's get after it. So, the reason I want to start with a mistake I've been making is just in case you're doing the same thing because it's an easy one to make, especially because when you're training chest, you get everything working against you. Think about all the machines you have at your gym. Or if you don't have access, think about a golden age when you did have access to the gym, and all the different chest training machines they have. They're broken down in two different ways. Either they're flare up up too high, then it's up being an anterior adult movement, or they shove it into close and your triceps, if they're decent, will eat up the entire movement. Think this doesn't apply to me. I'm stuck at home. I've got no friends. It's just me, my barbell, and a couple of dumbbells. It still does because chest is one of those weird anomalies that when things get hard, it does the opposite. Typically when things get difficult, your body will close in and try to protect itself. For instance, if you're ever taking a buddy of the gym who has no experience whatsoever, when you get them on the squat rack, even if it's lightweight, he's going to be fighting that urge to go into the fetal position the entire time. But with chest, it does the opposite. When things get hard, that elbow goes up even more, and that's where the problem is. Because in this position, you can still activate that chest. You might even walk out the gym thinking, I killed it, not realizing that you're disappointing your entire family. Do me a favor, just you know I'm not blowing smoke, raise that elbow up, parallel to floor, and try to flex your chest. You'll notice there's a contraction, but a weak one. Now do that same thing and drop your elbow down, you'll see you have a better mind muscle connection, it's easier to flex, it's just better overall. You probably shouldn't have been in, wow, my dream of being called on stage to pop my pecks that a Taylor Swift concert might actually come true. So let's first start out by going over how to get the strongest contraction under your barbell movements. This isn't for somebody getting ready for the combine who wants to lift a house. This is merely for somebody who wants to get as much activation and growth that a chest is possible. So start up by walking those shoulder blades in, push that chest nice and tall. And if you look from the side, you'll notice those elbows are dropped, but also the bar path is going to change. Because you're falling the path that allows you to contract that chest the most, which means those elbows are going to slightly come in. And yeah, it's going to limit that range of motion. It's going to feel awkward at first, but I promise you'll be connected to a barbell press like you've never been before. And now we can take that same concept over to dumbbells and really f*****ing shoot up. Because now we're not limited by horizontal movement, but also you can rotate that wrist, change the angle of your wrist, and wrap that arm around your body in a way that's going to contract that chest, like nothing else. An almost breaks your tier to your eye. You might find it just being consciously aware where your elbows are throughout the movement and making sure you're getting the best possible contraction is good enough in improvement for your dumbbell presses. Or you can be a greedy, horrible person like myself and think, how can I get more? And for me, sometimes it's just as simple as rotating those wrists in the way up. It allows me to drive those elbows closer to my body to contract that chest even harder. The increased intensity of the contraction you get on that last exercise just by simply bringing those elbows in, make you realize how inherently great coffin presses are, especially when you use two dumbbells. Because if you do it correctly, it prompts you to drive those elbows in as you drive up. If you've been sitting there thinking this is all great, but I'm going to have a bench to use fear not in my friend of Sequoines because this next one's for you. We're going to do coffin presses and you're going to start up by leaning back against something and doing five reps. And then you're going to tilt back slightly further and do five more reps and continue that until you're perfectly parallel with the floor. The idea here is obviously coffin presses, starting to enter part of your chest. But now we're targeting from the top, all the way down to that lower part of your back. If you liked this video, you'll love this other one I did on chest. Also just another one of my favorites. Make sure you subscribe, hit the notification bell, share it with your grandma. I'm sure she'd be glad to know that you figured out that she's disappointed in you. And most importantly, get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.