All right, today we're hitting forums and it is a tough group to hit because there's so many individual muscles and they work in so many different ways. You got everything from flexion, extension, pronation, supination, adduction, abduction and on top of that when you get those fingers involved, it's a totally different moment. For instance, not that you would ever because you look like a total creep, but you're going to get different muscles involved when you flex that wrist. And then when you get those fingers involved, think I'm too close. It's grossing me out. So I'm going to show you how to train them as distinctly as possible because the last thing you want to do is sit in the gym for two hours training forums. Which brings me to the second biggest issue. At this point of my life, I have very little f***s left to give. I even made a shirt that says that, so I don't have to. But even I don't like to go to the gym just to train forums because it's inevitable. You're going to run into that guy to ask you, hey man, what are you training? You're going to kill legs again and you have to look him dead in the eyes and say, forums. Let's get out of our own way and make it a priority because it's a very important group of muscles to hit. But make sure you keep your head down the entire time. The moment you look up and make eye contact with somebody, your workout's done. You have to leave. So the thing I found that works best for forums is by starting off with the exercise that pushes as much blood as possible in the shortest amount of time. That'll ensure that whatever exercise you do after that, you have a great connection to. And for me, hitting those extensors and flexors by rolling that bar in your hand is where it's at. And the reason I like these is because you have to actually fight that tilt so you get a little more activation that way. But also you can adjust the hardness by changing the angle of your arms. Also side note, that's not a tear. Although, it could be. I rest can rehab aggressive pits for local rescue here. And two, I've got into the other day and I tried to pull them apart. What have I punched me with this teeth? And then from there, I'll go right into direct extension and flexion work. Same idea though, pushing it to failure and then switch back and forth. Good luck. So to hit that breakout radio, that chunky bastard on top, a lot of people like reverse curls, which are great, but my favorite way is a single handle reverse curl on the cables. The reason for that is because we're able to hit that muscle, but also muscles involved in radial deviation because we're going to change the form of my knees. Instead of just doing reverse curls, we're going to stop that motion about halfway, get a little more flexion with that wrist and then extend it up and then flex it through. Stop it about halfway, flexing it down, extending it through. So you get more muscles that form involved. And yeah, you're going to get some bicep to jump in and try to take it over. But you're definitely able to work that form and get it to fatigue and fail. Way before the bicep does. Now, if you do feel like those muscles are responsible for radial deviation or weak, you can actually do it the right way, put the rope on there and hit them. But I feel like that last exercise usually gets the job done for most people. But since I'm always usually just here right after that, I'll just bring the rope up and actually hit some older deviation because it's hard to mimic it with anything else. I mean, you can grab a dumbbell and do some weird exercise, but never works right. So hitting the cable, locking that tricep in position and just flexing straight down, is the best way I've found. Our room was through complete forearm workout. Now we're going to do is get something for pronation and supination, as well as something to get those fingers involved and tax that grip. We're going to knock them out with supersets, start out by rotating that wrist with dumbbells and then right into a static plate hole. I've seen people grab a lighter dumbbell because you have to work harder at certain ends in the movement, but I feel like it's less of a contraction and more of it, oh shit, I think it's the extreme ends. I rather just grab a heavier dumbbell and kind of work through the entire movement, nice and slow and contract my way through. Also, I went and got a dexus scan this week because I've been doing this long enough, and I know I'm not 8.6. The guy was great. He basically sat me down the way parents do when they're telling their kids are getting a divorce, said, sorry bud, you're a jumbo. You want to immediately ruin your day, start off with a body fat test. All right, well, it's going to be slightly... These are your top line numbers, so the body fat percentage to 0.6%. Chambo, Chubby, Dumbo. So if your inner is on, I'll leave the information below because it's always nice to have somebody tell you exactly how fat you are. Also, I got a favorite ask. I actually hired somebody to set up a merge door, so leave all your favorites, sayings below in the comments, and we'll make it into a shirt or sweater. Here's the link to one of my favorite arm videos, also just another one of my favorites in general. And make sure most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and as always, get after get growing. Talk to you soon.