Alright, today we're going to go over exactly how to get that chest growing. And as you can tell by this thing, it looks like one of those leash back packs that crappy parents use, so they don't lose their kids at the mall. It's going to be a little bit different. I'm not going to just tell you to keep your shoulders back. I'm going to go over the exact methods and exercise that I've done that's made a dramatic difference that pulling those shoulders back, keeping those anterior delts out of any pressing movement and making sure my chest is doing all the work. So if you're ready, let's get f***ing after it. So if you're somebody that's constantly fighting to keep your shoulders out of every single chest day, then you're going to need to any more than just 30 minutes or even an hour to strengthen those muscles and involved in pulling those shoulders back and down or trying to stretch and relax those overactive ones because they're remaining 23 hours of the day. You're going to derail any progress you make with your shitty posture. And I've seen all the adorable names that people use to help describe each individual issue, like the forward head of the rounded shoulders and the hunchback. But let's call it like it is. From the side, your posture looks like a curve dick. And I'm just as guilty. And last year I developed a bad case of curve, deep posture syndrome because just like everybody else, a sat in front of the computer and did most of my work and then solely over time my shoulders rolled forward to where that was the only comfortable position. Not only did it hinder my ability to make progress with my chest, but it also wreaked having in other ways as well. And this one was a tough one to figure out because if you look online, you'll find a ton of exercises for thoracic mobility and different exercises to improve your posture. But you'll quickly realize they're not all created equal. And the bigger you get, the harder it is to undo the damage you've done. So let's go over the ones that actually work. Side note, next time you go to the grocery store, check out many curved dicks that are walking around. It's quite a few. Alright, let's break this down into four simple steps. First we're going to fix the inflexibility that thoracic spine is going to open up that chest and actually drive those shoulders back. Next we're going to fix that forward head posture, which is an inevitability when your shoulders are constantly rolled forward. We're going to go with my favorite exercise for that serratus anterior, just in case you're getting some winging in that scapula. And finally, how to make sure your posture is continually getting better over time, which to our ultimate goal is going to help us build a bigger chest. Alright, grab your foam roller and I categorize this under thoracic mobility, but it does so much more than that because it opens up that chest, pulls your shoulders back. But also engages the muscles that are responsive for keeping those shoulders back, like the mid-low traps, those rhomboids. Because we're flexing over top of the foam roller, it's going to help break up some of those knots that you're definitely going to have from those shoulders being rolled forward. And those muscles constantly being in a stretched position, they're going to not up, try to protect themselves, and it's going to hurt like hell. So you're going to do this in a step by step process to figure out where you have the most tightness. Now you're going to interlock your fingers, lower top of that foam roller, close those elbows together to really stretch all those muscles, and then open up those elbows and flex around the foam roller. Now you're going to either do this by holding it for 30 seconds at the top of each wrap, or you're going to actually just do it for reps and slowly opening, close, engage those muscles, and then work up that thoracic spine that I mentioned the socks. So if you've had any experience with that forward head position, then you've definitely heard of chin talks, but for me they had no effect. So they sort of reach out into different manual therapists and tell one of them said, you know what? With that knee and your thumb neck, you're going to need the adult version of this. To do this, you're going to need a towel or a shirt, you're going to wrap around the back your neck, and hold it with one hand and provide just a little bit of resistance. From there, you do a chin tuck like normal. Once you get that chin all the way retracted, you're going to use that off thumb to provide even more resistance. It may seem like a subtle difference, but that little bit of extra resistance really increases the stretch. It just realizes that it's filming this. Never do this in public. I've done it at the gym before now. I regret that because you look like a real, kind of weirdo. This thing doesn't look good. So the reason I'm including a serratus anterior exercises, because as somebody who said issues within the past, you quickly learned that this muscle is f***ing vital. They're not like testicles. You could lose one of those to a rageful hooker and other than a psychological damage. You'd be no worse off. And the best way I found to engage this muscle is by putting that foam roller on the wall, putting a little pressure from your wrist. And as you drive up, you want to keep those shoulders back and down. And also feel like you're driving that elbow into the foam roller. And at any point, you want to advance the exercise a little bit, just back those feet up, and it'll make it even harder. Which brings me to this guy. You can easily just throw this onto the gym. It'll help pull those shoulders back and you'll immediately get more engagement of that chest. But that's not how I use it. I use it at home when I'm sitting in front of the computer for a long period of time to help retrain my body how to stay in a better position. And if I can work, there is one caveat though. If you're going to do it my way, you're going to want to flip it upside down. That way you can use those handles to pull underneath your lats, position it. So it's not only pulling your shoulders back, it's also pulling them down. So I know if you fix your posture, you're no longer going to worry about. My shoulders back enough is my chest tall because it's already going to be in that position. And you're going to start to get that chest to grow. I'll leave a link to the bow tie because it does make a dramatic difference. And if you haven't got a chance to take out the 30 day program, it's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn sample. And if you do suffer from this, you're going to want to watch this video how to make your entire trap training more efficient and most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.