R2A were hitting squats and I'm not talking about going over the intricacies of how to have proper form because to me, it sounds like a snooze fast. But we're going to be taking already hard and possible exercise to the squat and make it that much harder and in turn to get more growth out of it. And I've already hear people say, you know, I don't have a squat bar. I'm not stuck in quarantine. I get it. This is not disregarding any of that. You could take some of these principles, use them at home, do air squats, help pick up one of your kids. I mean, you can care that there's 16 year olds, even better. Grab a little bastard to ask the real one of your shoulders and get after it. All right, so first things first, we're going to take those shoes off because if you want to see how fit your form is, put those feet flat on the floor and really see where you're putting pressure. If it's on the outside of your foot, if it's on the inside of your claps and those arches or if you're shifting that weight forward, putting in your toes, you'll know right away from the start you're screwing yourself. And even more importantly than that, the more you train with your feet flat on the floor is just going to increase angle flexibility over time. So if you're somebody who trains with a heel, great, you're having some great numbers, cool. And as we don't give you a shit about that, we're trying to grow. So if numbers are your game, that's a whole different ball game, we're not even talking about that. If you want growth, you need more angle flexibility, you need to be able to push those knees over your toes and not lift those heels up and be able to drive from your heels, especially in a high bar squat. You're going to be able to go all the way down, not lose that form, not let that butt tuck underneath and be able to go a nice deep stretch and stretch that quad as much as possible and then drive up from there and not lose that form and not have to shift your weight, keep it all in the quad's the entire time. All right, so a lot of things will start out with your relation to high bar squats, but they can be used on low bar squats, body weight doesn't matter. One quick note though is I'm be facing away from the mirror most of the time and that's just for the camera angle. If you have a mirror by all means use it, don't be that person to the gym, it has a perfectly good mirror, they face the other way because they think their form is so good it never is. Never overestimate, how good you are, anything, especially when it comes to form because if you're going by feel, your body will always betray you. A lot of times when I film these videos, I think you have some great clip or great angle and I'm doing this b roll shot and I'm doing a set of something and then I look at it afterwards and I'm like holy shit that form is awful. So step number one to getting more growth at your squats is never locking you down. If I had to categorize my form, I call them three quarter reps. So I go all the way down through course way up, back down. Now I see a lot of people who gym with a lot of weight but they go all the way down, come all the way up, lock their knees out, lock their back out and then go back into it to me that defeats the purpose. You lose the tension on the quad's, glutes, hands, you're not staying loaded the entire time and if you want to categorize it as constant tension, I guess that's what it is. But to me, it's just about doing what's hard, not doing what's easy and locking it out resting a second, keep that tension, get more grow. Step number two is stop bouncing at the bottom. Cool, you can take three fifteen and whatever you're deemed heavy, smash the bottom, almost blow your knees and explode it back up. To me, you don't get your man card there. It comes in the mail when you go all the way down and hold it for at least three seconds and really control and fire all the muscles you need to stabilize that weight and then drive it up. I've had a lot of people comment on videos how to increase my flexibility. Now, there's a lot of indirect ways you can do it but the absolute best advice that anybody can give you is do the thing you're inflexible at more. So if it's squatting, put a little weight on the bar, squat all the way down, keep that good, perfect form and hold it. Your body will adapt. When it comes to holes, you got some options. You can go heavier and do a shorter step like a three second hold or you can do something of disgusting and put some lighter weight on there and do a ten second hold. Set number three is actually one of my favorites but I've never seen anybody do this. All the gym has ever been to. I've never walked in and saw somebody been like, oh my god, there's crazy is me and I get it because this is an amastagulating. If you could do three fifteen before, you're going all the way down to one thirty five or even ninety five because what you're doing is slowing down the eccentric and concentric part of the movement down to a snail's pace. I'm talking ten second negative, ten second positive because truly if you believe that time of their chances is the key, then why not have actually more time under tension? All right, last but not least, step number four, contracting through the movement. Now there's a huge difference between just moving weight and contracting through it. Now obviously all the muscles have to work in conjunction to get a squat done but different parts of the movement are dominated by different muscles. So the very bottom is dominated by your glutes. Now starting that contraction by flexing those glutes and starting that movement up will drive that weight up and now you're into the next section which is dominated by your hamstrings. So from there, really contract those hamstrings that will start moving you a little bit up but also forward and then it's going to drive into your quads, but it's just going to finish off the actual squad itself. Now when you can master that and know how to flex each muscle to get through the movement, your results and your growth are going to go through the roof. Now I call these steps, I shouldn't just call them tips because that's really what they are. You can do all of them at once or you can just pull a couple out of the time. You can go and do a nice slow negative with the slight pause. You can do one day where you're just doing all contraction work nice slow controlled, contract is a movement. Really that's what it is. You've got more tools for your tool belt so when you're doing the squat you want to make it harder you want to get more growth. Pull one of these bent boys out. Like I said in the beginning, all these squat variations can be used across the board any type of squat you do. When they got wanted to do but I knew this would be a 30 minute video, it's going with my favorite ways of doing high bar squat, low bar squats, Smith, different hacksquat techniques and also dumbbell variations. So if you want me to do that, just leave a comment below. I'd be happy to do that. And as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Again, I'm going to leave that link so if you want to put your email in there when the course comes out, you'll be the first to know it's just not ready yet because with the fuck has access to a gym. And again, get after a get-grown. I'll talk to you soon. And even more importantly, certain muscles are going to dominate certain parts of the movement. So at the very bottom, the berry, the fucking berry.