All right, today we're training biceps. We're going to start up by grabbing the easy bar with that bench and a slight incline into a compound set. Reverse grip curls right into wide grip regular curls. The reason for that is because I just did a set, blew it my arms and thought, that sucked, I should probably show that. The nice part is it just primed an entire bicep and the weight that you can use for 20 reps for reverse grip curls. That's horribly hard and painful. You barely get there. It's perfect because it pre-exos for those supernating curls and it's going to make it horribly hard and you probably won't get there. And you get the most out of these whether it's the first set or reverse or the second of regular curls makes you keep those elbows forward the entire time. Don't let them drift back so you can throw it up, make sure you're locked into place and you're flexing it up. So recently I've been setting up shop in the cable crossover machine when I'm hitting biceps because one, I like to run out of the people's day, but also the connection with that long head has been tremendous. Fantastic, fantastic, unbelievable. I need some more adjectives. My go-to exercise recently is a little counterintuitive because I'm not putting that bicep back behind the shoulder and stretch position. I'm actually taking a step back from the machine holding those arms up nice and high and then just the act of closing that shoulder off puts more tension on that long head. But just so I cover my ass, then I turn around and go into the traditional way you would do curls for the long head on cables because what's the worst is it going to happen. I'm going to train them too hard. They're going to grow and I'm going to look like more of an asshole. So what? Our finishing off those biceps with a little run the rack drops at really target in the meat of that bicep, the short head. So we're going to lock that arm into place, open up that shoulder and then push it to failure. You know you're on the right track, we're going to on that last set of drops and like shit, these are heavy and you look down and they're tensed. I'm going to use that offhand as a poor man's preacher curl that way. I can open up that shoulder more, change is the angle a little bit, but also it's easy to duplicate on both sides. The last thing you want is have a great connection to one side and then you're fighting to find that same connection other side, end up with one big arm and one that looks like shit. We got some house cleaning to do. First thing is I've seen some videos and they're good. I got some transitions, title tags, you did your research? Good job. Their main point was I built this base of muscle mass training heavy and then I started doing all this weird stuff. Truth is I've talked about this before. I had an ego. So when the camera turned on, what do you do? You want to look cool? You're trained fucking heavy. Definitely not the way I would normally train, but if you need a case study, last year and when I really started uploading consistently, this is how I looked. And this is me today. Right before that, my wife and I did a half iron man that almost killed me. Half of the marathon was in the sand. I got disqualified because I'm an asshole. Which brings me the other videos that people make is a natural. Now this one I don't get because I've told you before, HRT literally saved my life. If I didn't have that, I'd be depressed and are a bridge somewhere. Or a van down by the. If you're over the age of 25, man, woman, well, I'll even right now over the age of 20 because it's such a stressful time to be alive. And you don't get your blood worked out every six months. I don't know what to tell you. Don't underestimate how much cortisol can crash your entire system. If you want to try to bring it up naturally, go ahead. I mean, I've snorted enough tribulus to kill a small elephant, but you can try. If you get your blood worked out and find out as low and you're like, screw it. I'm not doing anything. I'm proud to be dysfunctional by all means. I just hope you got good to play with Plato as a kid, so you can smash that marshmallow yours into something useful because you're f***ing one more thing. If your levels are good, you're going to put on muscle. If they're low, you go find a doctor. It's that simple. Don't overcomplicate this. If you liked this video, here's another one on Biceps. If you need one for triceps, there's one for you. But most importantly, make sure to subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get grown. Doctor soon.