You ever wonder why sometimes when you go to the gym, you work out certain phenomena. Other times, no matter what you do, just not very good. There's a reason for that. It's because you're trying to keep your powder dry. Let me explain. So this is a typical workout for most people. On the X-axis, we got time, why we got intensity. Now, most, like the ease into the workout. So that one or two exercises where they really just warm up, get themselves in the mental state, the hurt themselves, and then they'll start adding in exercises that are more physically demanding, that really crank up the intensity, whether you like it or not. And then finish off with as much intensity as possible, but you can only maintain that for so long. So if this was a leg day, be something like a lying leg curl, leg extension, then we get into the hacksquat, squats, and then probably finish off with the walking lunges. But this is where you're screwing yourself. And what I meant by trying to keep your powder dry, because if you don't develop a connection here, you're not going to have it for those really intense sets. And this way of structureing your workouts also lends itself to a lot of half-assing, because let's face it. Those first couple exercises are glorified warm-up sets. So if you don't bring it on the more physically demanding ones, you've just wasted your life. There's obviously a better way. Just set the figure out what I'm in name at first. Now, this is the way to structure workouts. The guarantees you're going to have a connection throughout, you're not going to be able to half-ass it. Most importantly, you're going to grow. After you're good warmed up, you're going to attack that first exercise. I want your mindset to be able to push myself so hard in that initial movement that I'm forced to use less weight with every single one after. Your goal should be to get in a fight with somebody's grandma for those colorful dumbbells. And this isn't just some new thing I'm pulling out of my ass. Anybody's ever taken one of my programs? Probably had some horrible flashback and immediately got IBS, but also realized, well, that's why I always get my ass kicked from his workouts, because we go from zero to 100 from the start. But I'm not saying just reorganize your workouts and push them more intense stuff to the beginning. That's not going to fix it. Whatever exercise you're going to start to work out with, keep it. Just figure out what the most intense version of that exercise is. You'll know because you'll walk away thinking, how on the hell am I going to do the rest of this workout? Say we stay with the late day example. When you started out with a lying leg curl or a cd leg extension, how could you structure those sets in a way that guarantees you turned into a baby giraffe? Could be ascending and descending dropsets? Could be an incredibly slow 10 second positive 10 second negative? Or just ridiculously high reps? It's on you to figure it out. I'm not going to figure out for you. That's what the $20 courses for you dick. Now the reason this is so important, white work. So well as we're starting the workout by pushing as much blood into that muscle as possible, and your pump is directly correlated to your mind muscle connection. Just think back to the last time you trained calves and you did a cd calf raise and destroyed yourself on it. You pushed so much blood into those that when you went to walk to the next machine, every step felt like a contraction to the point it was so painful. I felt like you're going to tear something. You didn't even have a choice. You were connected to them. That's exactly what we're trying to do with every single body part as quickly as possible in the workout. I can't tell if that looks cooler, it's pissing me off. Now the way you start your workout going zero to 100 could look different for each body part. I get so many messages from people saying, I don't know, can I put my shoulders or I thought I did, but I woke up, they're not sore. Try this. Grab some 10 pound dumbbells and don't put them down for 10 minutes. Start with parcels at the top. And as you start to fail, just keep going until you can't get any more, then throw up some full-side ladd rolls from there, do some anterior deltfocus around the world and then some posterior deltfocus or reverse it, tilt forward, do rotations until you get to that full 10 minutes or you can't move. Then from there, you're ready to start your workout. Good luck. Now there is one issue you're going to run into when you're training like this and that your ego's going to take a hit. If you're used to squat in 225 and you crush yourself from the starter workouts by the time you get to squats, it'll be lucky if you can do 135 reps. Which is fine. I know some people freak out and think, well, I'm not, my weight's not going up. I'm not going to grow. Your body has no idea how much weight you're lifting. It just knows that there's stress put on it so it needs to adapt, it needs to grow. It doesn't think, well, Johnny squatted 230 today instead of 225. So he deserves a little more muscle. It actually doesn't give a fuck how much a little Johnny squatted. And I'd argue in terms of longevity and overall results, the best thing you do is making incredibly lightweight feel ridiculously heavy. That's going to give you a better connection which is going to lead to more growth. If you need help and you need somebody to drag you through the mud as a first couple workouts, so you really understand how to do this, on length programs below. Again, each one of them, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. If you haven't watched these two videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. Okay.