Okay, the office. All right, today we're going to oversight dealt specifically a couple different movement patterns that I've added to my training. It instantly got a better connection that lateral head. So if you're ready, let's get after it. I don't know about you, but quarantine changed me. Start doing some words, yeah. So typically when I do side of that, I always have my arm in a nice fixed position coming right up to the side. But the one thing you're fighting against the entire time is making sure that anterior dog doesn't jump in and try to help. So what I've been doing is that it's more of a wide grip upright row. When it started out, I actually tilt a little bit forward. That way it's lateral head, maybe a little posterior dealt, but there's no chance that the anterior dog jumping in at all. And as they come up, it's more of an arching motion to come up, which yeah, it could potentially jump in that rear dog, but usually what happens is it starts to light up that side out and as you squeeze back and finish that contraction off, it really peaks out the contraction off in that lateral head. Now I'm not trying to hard sell you on this as a better way to do it. If you feel more of a connection going straight arm like that, well, it means to do it. But there's too many things that can go wrong for most people when they have that dumbbell way out there. Their traps can jump in. I mean, obviously your flex and your bicep is hard to do you can just to get that to hold out straight, your forearms can put any flex. Just there's so many other muscles involved that when you start to bend that elbow a little bit, now that bicep is actually a little bit loose as you're doing it. So that takes it out of there. It's harder to flex that trap. You really have to, you have to really screw up to flex that trap as you're doing it. So I think it's just a better overall movement if you want to stay connected to that side down. And the cool thing about is that movement path still lends us out to all my favorite side exercises like the leaning side lateral where typically you have that dumbbell right on your side. Your squeeze nut nice shallow movement and you're trying to hit where it just right word inserts. That's the hyper target area. Same thing here. You just bring it up in front of you as you squeeze up. You just wrap it around you. Just a hair. Squeeze hold the top two, three seconds. And then go back down. So during quarantine, I started to do a more mechanical Arnold presses which basically you're really structured. You stay 90 degrees the entire time. You flex back and then you drive it up. And I forgot how much I love those. But not for anterior delts. I mean the press feels like it's useless by that point. It's that incredible intense contraction you get from wrapping that elbow around and flexing that lateral head. So if we can set up a movement that takes advantage of just the rotations by getting a bench, putting on the slide of inclines. And then mimicking it all the way down to the palms facing you at the bottom. As you rotate it up, turn those palms towards the ground. And then make sure you hold that contraction at the top for at least two seconds. Really engage it. Feel like you're flexing and finishing that contraction off by squeezing those delts and back down nice and slow. This is how I know as dropped a lot of the kit. There's this air conditioning behind me that's going to go out. It's louder than shit. And my first thought was not, it's called professional. My first thought was there's a football back there. If I throw it 10 times at it, I bet you I can shut it up. Needless to say, my life had broken a lot of shit. So as always, like subscribing to the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video I'll meet you next. And get after it, get growing. I'll talk to you soon.