So how do you make sure without a shadow of doubt that when your bicep workouts over, you're going to grow? That's what today's about. If you define hard before, is sweating it out, trying to get that perfect picture of your junk to send you your new tender match? This is going to be brutal. Just a little words of wisdom. It's all about those angles. So the idea for this video came about when somebody came up with me and the gym and said very seriously, I need to tell you something. Got a ball showing what it's going on. Turns out the guy was just deeply concerned. He wasn't working out hard enough. And he wanted to make sure that every workout counted. First that was, no, never scared me like that again. Second, how do I give him advice in a way that he can't take, go out on his own and completely screw up? Because say you think you're just going to up their reps. They're doing 8 to 10 before and now you're going to have him do 20. They go to the rack and they grab lighter weight. They do 20. They stop. How do I do? Nope. All right, that didn't work. Maybe you'll just have him do drop sets because they know they can't weasel out of that. Then you see them do their drop sets and they start with the press at 50 pounds and they drop to 10 and then 5. That's not going to work either. So I spent last night thinking, how do I put people in this little box of pain that they can't get out of and it's just a horrible experience? All right, method number one, we're going to take parcels, pre-exhaust and then you start the set and the parcel reps are to complete failure because the idea here is to make the actual working set nearly impossible to complete because say your goal is to hit a set of 20 on the actual working set of curls. That form on the parcels is slightly below and slightly above parallel. You're just pushing a ton of blood in there. So even if you're in a notorious dry hump or a bad form, it doesn't matter. There's so much blood in that bicep that even if you screw the form up, you're going to get some growth. Now if you did those and you found those weren't excrucianely painful, then congratulations, your wizard. All right, for the next method, we're going to use a stopwatch to ruin our lives because you can even tell in that last set, I'm just going as fast as I possibly could just to get it down because it was so painful. But we all know, time under 10 is a good thing. So we're going to forcefully stay in that set longer even if it's just a static hole. The idea here is to go slow as possible for three minutes. Now if you go to the point where you're like, I can't even do one more. I want you to throw it up, go halfway down and just hold as long as you can. If you get to the point where you can't even hold that, just let it down a little bit lean back and just make sure there's tension on that bicep still, but you have to keep holding the weight for the entire three minutes. About a minute I was like shit, I got a film on again with 20s because this is just way too light. A minute 30? Uh oh, something's happening. Two minutes in, this is how it ends. I'm going to piss shit my pants die and this would be the last footage anybody ever sees of me. For the last one, I tried to take out every potential way these could be screwed up. So lying on the floor, those arms have to be touched on the ground the entire time. There is no adjusting the weight. The exercise is going from hardest and progressively get easy and easier, but by that point there's someone who's blood and muscle, they feel like they're getting harder. So start out with a reverse grip curl, then into a closed grip and then wide. So you're hitting everything from short head long head, break yallas. The entire bicep is blown up. There's no rest and there's no number. You just push it to failure, go to the next one, push it to failure, go to the last one. Alright so if you liked that, here's a link to another one of my favorite arm videos. Also just another full arm day if you need that and as always make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after get growing. Talk to you soon.