All right, today, oh, through a full of it. Today we're training, this is another exercise. I see a lot of people screw up. Let me show you what I mean by failure. I don't work out because I love it. I work out because I'm so angry if I don't work out. Recently, I've trained with a few people, which isn't normal for me because I hate people, but in doing so, I realize there's a lot of things I do during training, different tweaks to exercise, it's changing the form, changing the angle that, for me, makes the workout worth a shift. So I figured you probably find it useful as well. Pre-work out, see Alice. First, I have to eat. Typical breakfast, 10 egg whites, like a half cup of oats. Table spoon honey, that's it. It's gonna digest as quick as possible. There's no fat in this meal, so that's not gonna slow anything down. There's 50 grams of protein, so you're gonna reach that loosey threshold, you've been basically fasting all night, and it's delicious. So, I'm gonna ask me the other day about Psalms, never even looked into. I have no idea what they are. So it's gonna take me two months to research them, find the ones with the highest efficacy and won't kill me, take them, and then I'll report back. See, interesting though. I have no recommendations for supplements yet. I still have to get the HPLC to a lab. And the way it works is you have to buy standards, detect against. So for example, for protein, after buy every single individual amino acid on top of things that companies typically use despite protein. And that's just what they consider quantification. How much of the actual ingredient that they say is in there, is in there. There's other ways to test quality, it's a whole, it's a pain in the dick. So don't think these are good because I have no idea. I should get in there before I work out, but I'm not going to. How much I warm up is usually dictated by how awful I feel in that particular day. For back, there's not really a lot that I do, other than this rhomboid movement that really gets me used to pulling my shoulders back and working with my scapula or scapula for you, the works. One of my favorite moments to start out with is standing pullovers. Now, most people really lean forward on these which I think is a mistake. Based on the natural scapula, humor rhythm of your shoulder, as your arms starts to raise, after a certain point, your trap will take over the responsibility of flex. Parade that with the fact that the further the load is away from your body, the more your traps have to engage to counteract the weight. That's why I do them almost straight up. There's a slight bend, but really it's just to make sure I can depress those scabs, punch forward my serratus anterior and flex it down with the actual lat. Less stretch, but it also stays in your lat. It's not in your upper traps. One thing that I'm sure I'm gonna get pushed back on is that the set doesn't count for me unless I push myself to failure. It doesn't matter if it's a set of 20 or a set of 10, eight, whatever. I trained a failure, so I don't leave any reps and reserve and I get it. I've seen the studies, if you're an untrained person, then yeah, you're gonna get just as good results, but if you're untrained, you have no idea what a set to failure even looks like. So you're probably instead of getting four RIR, you're probably more like seven because you're half ass and every single set. In the only reason I'm so adamant about training to failure is because even if you look at the best exercise scientist in the world like a Brad show and field, if you watch him train, his failure is... Good. All the way to failure. There we go, all the way to failure. It's tough to watch. So make sure you wonder how many of these people that are in these studies about training to failure versus RIR, reps and reserve, how many of those people are actually getting anywhere close. Let me show you what I mean by failure. I'm gonna do another set. Hey. Oh. E. Hey. Yep. Buh. Yep. Buh. Yep. Ah. So like on that one, I got 19 reps. I did three more, three or four more. Parsoles in a length and position. I don't count those, but I'm not gonna stop going just because I can't get it all the way down. I'm gonna make sure I push to complete failure because those last three or four reps are probably even more important than the first 19. The main thing I want you to focus on with these is as you're going into the eccentric. I want you to feel like you're pushing away from you the entire time. So 30 centures and gauge, that's flex. And as you go, you push away and flex. And really at the top driving. And you should feel so raised here in those lower part of your lats and where they originate. You should feel that connect a lot more than the typical throwing up and down, which really does. You'll feel it deep into the insertion point, but you won't really get that nice, nice pump in the lower part of your lats. And I know you're decaying and being hard time about saying lower lats, but where they originate, whatever you want to say. Another question is, well, how do I know the rep range? Should I go six to eight? Should I go 15, 20? A lot of it has to do with the exercise itself. I guarantee if you're trying to do sets of six and the standing pullovers, you're screw it it up. But on an exercise like these one arm landline rows, the benefit of these is you can load your lat at length. So you can manipulate your body in a way that as you're going in the eccentric, you're working against enforcing that lat to stretch even more and then contracted up. For me, the contractions almost an afterthought on these. Hold on, need some of my special drink. What's in here is whose cubes I select? Beauty light. You can always use Gatorade powder, but I think this is delicious. Three-ish tablespoons of honey, 10 grams of creatin. Yep. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. Yep. B. B. Every time I start to sweat these things fall off. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. Do you guys watch Mark Bell's podcast? Yes, me to go on that. What am I going to do? Just regurgitate all the case studies I've read over the past two years? That's not interesting. I need a good conspiracy theory. Come on. Oh God, fuck this thing. Yep. B. B. B. Yep. B. B. B. B. B. B. I'll try to get a top down to you for the last set because I know it doesn't look like much. It's a very short range of motion. But most of the magic happens on that stretch. So make sure you're actively working against. You're actually kind of twisting away from that stretch. Also side note, can we stop letting kids take their shirt off and flex in the gym? Every time I go to a commercial gym, there's always these 12-year-old kids that have no business flexing in front of the mirror doing poses. I know Arnold made it popular in Sam and bolding these kids to do it just non-stop. But if you want to check your progress, do it like every other adult male. And when you go home and masturbate in the bathroom, take your shirt off and you see a new vein popping out of your neck. Congratulations, you're making progress. B. B. B. Charculate for work. Hold on. What are you doing? Check where we late. Next up, lap pull down. I'm going to do a couple sets with the traditional wide bar because the wider your hands go, the less you have to worry about your biceps. So all I have to focus on is what my scapula is doing. If it's raising up, then obviously I'm shrugging and jumping into my traps and I'm not actually stretching my lap. So my focus is the press those scabs, force the stretch but make sure it doesn't get elevated. The moment your shoulder is pushed up, your traps fire and it's not even in your lads anymore. A couple years back I tore. Maybe quite a few muscles in my back. And got nerve damage and all this shit, just from a disc. I couldn't do that exercise before because my shoulder would go so high up. It's still a little messed up, I'm sure you can probably see it. But at least I can fire them both equally and they're actually both growing because at one point I couldn't even lift myself off the ground with this arm. B. B. C. T. B. 500. I got it kind of functioning. Less pain. Stem cells. That actually got the nerve firing. Now this side is probably my good side, which is crazy because not only do it affect my my lat, my shoulder on this side, this tricep and this peck could not fire at all. There's nothing worse than not being able to train. I don't know about you but I don't work out because I love it. I work out because I'm so angry if I don't work out. I'll film my scabs at a different angle on this last one so you can see it. But what I'm trying to do is depress them, the whole entire time and as I go into the centric I'm actually trying to drive those elbows forward. That's going to help flare the lat even more for more of a stretch but also make sure that I'm not just hanging there. If I wanted to do that I would just do a hanging stretch. I want loaded tension. That's where the actual growth happens. I don't know what's going to turn this into a Q&A. The biggest mistake I see with the V-bar handle is most people pull directly down. Obviously when you do that you can see the angle of my actual elbow. That's a lot of bicep. The only way I can actually get it down is with my bicep. My lat is basically done working if I pull that high. That's good. Four traps, rhomboids, that's nice. At that point you should just shrug it and not pull it the rest of the way down. Again on these you're trying to keep those elbows as fixed as possible. You're driving forward, pushing those scabs along the side of your ribcage, driving, squeezing back. So there's tilting going on at the hips. If I just stay straight up and down I have to use a lot of bicep. Drive forward, lean back. How many shits do you take a day? I should after every single meal. So five to six a day. I mean it's within the last bite. And if we have a cheat meal it is halfway through the cheat meal. Blow up their bathroom, come back, finish the other pizza. Here's another good one actually. Very pointy. What's your four stable back exercise? Obviously some of these actually are a staple. I always do some sort of lap pull down in a pull over movement. Today I did cables but a lot of times I do dumbbells that way I could focus on. One side at a time and see what shoulder is screwed up and it's not allowing me to really stretch and feel it in my lap because you always have one side, especially doing barbells. You'll notice your elbow kicks out more than the other one and you can't really connect your lap. It's your shoulders fall. I always do something that loads the lap. Today it was the single arm landline row. At a commercial gym I'll always do the ISO row. One at a time there really forcing the stretch. Last one is always some sort of high elbow row because most people do a lot of lats and even some spinal rector exercises, heavy rows, things like that but most people forget rhomboids, the mid traps, the things that actually make your back look nice and thick from the side. So I always put in some sort of high row. Today I'm going to just do dumbbells on the incline bench but all gyms have a great high row machine like the T-bar with a pad on it. phenomenal. Let me just ask when the new programs come you know they're all in the app. I just have a new full 12 week one in there. The premise of that one is all about pushing yourself to complete failure. There's straight sets. There's not a lot of drop sets, supersets. Because in reality if you look at the research of those a lot of that has to do with collapsing time, not necessarily producing more hypertrophy. Another interesting question was what's the most important diet factor for growth? I think up until a couple of years ago I want to just make sure you're hitting your protein numbers. But if you know how to utilize carbohydrates correctly and you don't have to take insulin or anything like that you just have to know how to time them around your workouts. Your body will actually prime itself to be able to uptake those carbohydrates. I had no idea how effective a intra workout post workout drink was. I would just kind of fuck off until I ate my next meal. Game changing results. Now I've talked about this in the past but hopefully the most important thing you could take away from this video other than how to check your progress by masturbating in the bathroom. If you don't control your scapula you're not going to hit the muscle you're trying to target. I'm going to fuck off and go someplace else. And this exercise is a great example of this because I see a lot of people really trying to force the stretch exaggerated. And this is what I used to do in the past too and I thought it was brilliant. It's not. It's done. Scabs should be depressed and you should be pushing those along your rib cage so it should feel like you're doing a lat spread. So you're just pushing your lats out and that's stretching those mid traps, those rhomboids and then you can track it back in. It's not a big move. You're not going to get this crazy deep stretch unless you screw it up. There's another interesting one. High school coach 13 to 17 year olds. What would you tell your younger self? I'm pretty sure you don't want my answer because it's not probably not what you think. I feel pretty lucky. I don't envy too many people other than the people that can sell pictures of their bottle online and podcasters. There's nothing else I'd rather do. I sold real estate. I sold insurance. I was an EMT. I was a fuck up and I felt it all of those until I actually found what I'd love to do. Which is learning as much as I can about a topic and then teaching it. So I guess my advice would be find something that you are completely obsessed with. Learn as much as you can about it and take that and use it to help other people. Somebody asked about merch. I know I've said like 20 times I'm going to come out with shirts without the saying is on them. If any of you have a connection, that would be great because most of the people in the industry suck. I think there's a huge demographic of people that aren't represented in the gym. You got your records called Darksport. You have your wolf clothing. Then you got the gym sharks and you got all the douchey clothing brands that I want to make merch for people that hate those people. That's my goal. If you can help, reach out. Then I can make a bunch of ads going to regular gyms and kicking over people's tripods. Gym closed for the every man who probably struggles without gullasum and maybe a sex addiction or two. Those are my kind of people. I wish I got the Versa-Grips in our car. So now I have America's track. America. I'm going to finish up by working up to heavy sets of Ben Ovaroes and then probably making those last two or three sets either drop or restpots. Whatever feels like a dumber idea in the moment. Again, does the research show that drop sets or restpots are more beneficial for high-purchasing? No. You just collapse time and allow you to get more work in. So if you're like me and your hungry is shit right now, it helps. Ah. This is another exercise. I see a lot of people screw up and it isn't for a lack of trying. They mean well. They like the hamstring flexibility and hip mobility so they really can't load their back correctly. They go into that stretch position but they have so much tightness that they end up rolling their lower back and it's awful. But you can't hinge at the hips to a point where you can keep your back nice and straight. Then you're not going to be able to load this exercise correctly. And eventually you're probably going to grow a little tail. America. Post work out. Finish this shake and then about 45 minutes later I eat the same exact meal as before. Unless I want to be a piece of shit or some pot belly. A couple of delicious samies. Here's the exact workout if you want to try it yourself. And if you like this style of video let me know and I'll make more of these videos where you follow me around like a creek. And as always, the absolute below there's a free seven-day trial. So if you want more workouts like this or continue to be a chubby mass, I don't care.