Alright, today we're going over the only thing I found to help fix the pain and stiffness I was having in my neck, trap, even ran into my rear delpe, and this one took a while to figure out. So if you have any of these issues, then be glad you watched this video. And if you're sitting there thinking, well, this video isn't for me. I don't have any pain. Let me ask you this. You're a bit in the gym, looking the mirror and realize, holy shit, I'm lopsided, and you got uneven shoulders. Or maybe after a long night's rest, you get up and you're convinced that your wife must be in your sleep because you're so bound up. Or maybe just a simple fact that your traps aren't growing the way that you think they should. This video fix that. Let's get after it. So there's a couple of reasons why this problem can develop. First one is obviously more people are working from home, which you know what that means. There's no reason to look professional. Really, no reason to put on pants. You can just see it playing with hot cheetos all day and sitting in the most awkward positions, allowing those shoulders to roll forward and put a strain on those traps. The second one happens in a split second. You can be training something like triceps, everything's going good, you're engaged, and you lose focus for a second, and then you strain one or both of them. And finally, what I think is the most common reason is early one morning, your mind and your own business, vigorously masturbating the shower, and you go too hard in the paint. You end up here in a popping noise and you realize you're fucked. So about four months ago, I pulled the trifle up. Made all three mistakes on a single day. What started out as a little bit of painting my traps? Slowly shifted into my neck where I was told I must have bulging disc. Even though there was no evidence to it. So I started doing manual therapy and doing retractions, which helped but didn't solve the problem. Then it shifted into my rear delt to the point where I couldn't even lay flat on my back without my rear delt lighting up. Then it got to the point where I wanted to kill everybody, where I got weakness on one side and it started atrophy. And I'm not telling you this because I want you to care about me because I barely care about me. I just want you to know that if your body's gotten this dysfunctional, there's hope. And I tried everything. Even the solution I'm about to show you when I first integrated it, did some results. It wasn't telling us talking to my friend who's also the only person I let work on me now because he does this crazy guy at a P.E.M.F. And he asked me if I've ever done a barbell mobilization, which I said, yeah, basically a supple lepronow, the stuff works, but not to the extent where I see a dramatic improvement. And then he asked how much weight I was using. And I obviously responded not much because it hurts. And then he proceeded to stop the conversation and look around, look on his desk and I was like, what are you looking for? And he said, your balls. He's also an asshole. Which challenge me to use significantly more weight? Also made me realize that the solution I found were great, but I didn't factor in the more muscle you have, more extreme you got to make it. For instance, when you're doing traditional barbell trap mobilization, you just plot that bad boy on top, stretch that neck and the opposite direction drop that shoulder. You can even roll that bar up and down or you can sit a little bit higher in that trap, hit those scaling muscles or make it more active and get the arm involved. But the problem comes when you've been training for years and you got any sort of trap development, your traps are going to look at that in life. So for me, the sweet spot's 225, which not everybody should do. I don't want high school kids across the world to hop underneath the bar and then shift their pants or some old lady to get crushed. What it means is if you're having some of the issues I talked about before, maybe when you go to a lap, pull down, pull up or even a press, you find one of your shoulders hikes up, then you're going to use more weight than just the bar to force that trap to relax. And you could do this on either end of the bar, but I prefer to back up to the plate that way I'm not limited by what I can do. If I want to get the arm involved, I can, but don't piss my pants first. But I would start up by doing the easiest and then graduate to the hardest. The easiest being picking a point on that trap, standing up and holding it for 30 seconds. Now I like to push it against the racks, so I don't drop it like an f***hole and make sure you drop that shoulder and even get that neck involved and stretch against it. It's going to suck. And if you're a little more sadistic, you can start rolling that bad boy up and down. Makes a big difference. And the ultimate would be getting the arm involved. But if you enjoy that, your damage goods. And keep in mind, you don't have to be a perfectly perpendicular to the bar. You can twist that body and find where it hurts the most and then go from there. So at the end of the day, if you're done with any sort of trap issues that end up creeping up into your neck and wreak and have it going to rest your body, I guarantee if you implement these, it's going to save your ass like a dead mind. And if you're in Arizona, you want to try out my body. I'll leave a link to them below. It's the only thing I found that made a dramatic difference. I was instantly able to fire each muscle more efficiently and I've tried everything. I remember trying dry needleing and I looked at the guy like, I was hit. Try a dart. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link below. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 workouts, it's 20 bucks. Pretty simple. And if you haven't got a chance, watch these two videos next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Talk to you soon.