All right, today we're going in depth on Dunbell Rose because they're one of the most underrated exercises when it comes to building a big thick ridiculous looking back, but most people don't do these enough either because they jumps in their lower back or if too much of a connection when their shoulder is more than anything else, treatment worse, they're going to do them by lying on a bench and all they could focus on is their sternum slowly puncturing a hole in their heart. So we're going to fix all that, get you one big, f***ing back. Let's get after it. So when I asked people to make me a list of the exercises that hated the most, I was pretty shocked when this one was toward the top of the list, but they started digging deeper in the comments and realized, it's because most people do these real f***ed up like because for me, these are phenomenal. So much so that the day was granted by freedom back to go to the gym, the second exercise I did was a variation of Dunbell Rose because they're so versatile, you hit your back in so many different ways and I can guarantee I'm going to get a great workout when I do these. So let's break this down in a four separate sections. That way everybody can identify the problem. They're having and figure out how to fix it and it all starts with angles. So the obvious place to start is the angle of your back because we know the more parallel you are to the floor, the more it's going to call in those spinal erector muscles, the lower part of your lads to jump in, get involved and stabilize the weight, which isn't a bad thing. I see a lot of people get freaked out by this because they'll do this exercise and it jumps in their middle back. That's to be expected. When you're doing those extreme angles, that's more than likely going to be the weakest link. Unless you look in the mirror and you realize your back's bold forward and you've lost that static contraction, then yeah, I'd go home and try to blow yourself instead because if you're going to hurt your back, you might as well do it chasing your dreams. But also don't overlook those extreme upright angles as well because most people get in this position and think, well, I'll just do a shrug instead, it's basically the same thing. But they're missing out on a huge benefit you get when you get those elbows involved because you get the same contraction to do with the shrug but as you drive those elbows up, it creates a more intense contraction in those traps and you'll feel even more in those mid and lower traps as well. But we also know the angle of your elbow matters. The higher it goes, the more it's going to drive into that upper back, even into those rear delts. But it also look at the grip you take, especially if you're somebody with shoulder issues. So you do dumbbell rows with the neutral grip. I would try to slightly supinate that wrist because it's going to force your body to contract up on a different path. It might only be a minor difference in terms of the path itself, but it could be a major difference in terms of the connection you have with the overall exercise. And it also allows you to be a little bit more creative with the rows themselves. For instance, if you haven't ruined your life with these two yet, I would give them a go. Next, we're going to go over what to do. If every time you go to hit rows, those are wrecked your spine muscles blow up. And all you can focus on is that horrible pain in your back. You have to stop the workout, get in your car put the seat all the way back and drive right to the emergency room for a back yard. Now, the obvious thing you can do is take pressure off those muscles and lay on a bench, but not the way most people do them. Most people lay on the bench like a big fat f***ing sea lion and of course that's going to take your breath away. Instead, you want to keep that back nice and flat and put the upper part of your chest onto the bench and then do your rows. But remember, that's not fixing the issue. That's just going to allow you to do rows target the muscles you want to hit without having a debilitating pump in the middle of your back. But you still have to hit those muscles doing specific exercises because the reason it hurts so bad is they're underdeveloped. And you got to work on them. It's f***ing work on them. Specifically, what that means is making those muscles a priority. Every workout program and exercise at the end of the workout that's going to really target those muscles and make them fail in a safe way. Like doing rows of events where your entire upper body is hanging off. Not only is it going to put more pressure on those muscles to hold that position, but it's going to exaggerate the contraction on the way out. Or doing them on a hyper extension or a glute ham raise is going to allow you to adjust your form and really narrow your focus in on those muscles. Now the last two are for people who's shoulders are biceps dominate their rows. So if shoulders are your issue, then more than likely you're just rowing the weight but not actually contracting your back because to do that, you have to really open up those shoulders on the way up. So what I would do is cut the range of motion in half. Go half way down and really focus on that movement of contracting your back, pulling those shoulders back. Once you can get that, you can slowly work into a full range of motion. And if your biceps keep jumping in and taking over, this is an easy one. You get the elbow and a fixed position and pull more with your lats. If you need more detail on that, I'll link to a video above where I go and depth and how to do it with pull ups. But this is one of my favorite ways to do rows as well because you can contract that back from the bottom all the way up and ensure your biceps can't jump in. So to summarize, change the angle of your body, elbows and hand position to find a row you really connect with. If you're still not connecting, change the range of motion or try to keep the elbow in a fixed position to see how that feels. And finally, it's not your mid or lower back that sucks. You're neglecting it asshole. And if you haven't checked out the 30-day program, it's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, again, pretty damn simple. But most importantly, like I talked about before, if you haven't watched this video on how to do pull ups in a way that's going to actually make your lats grow. Watch that next. Get after it and get growing. Talk to you soon.