Alright, today we're going to avoid it's critical to push yourself to failure. Yeah, I probably should have stroking that out a little bit longer and reveal the halfway through the video, but what do you want me to do? Fuck it out. In reality, there's just a lot of one I covered today because I think training to failure and beyond is a lot bigger than just the results you receive in the gym. On top of that, there's a right and wrong way to do it, so we'll go over that. And then if you want to ensure that set your about to do is just going to kick your ass. We'll go over exactly how to set up to ensure that you're just crawling out of the gym. So if you're ready, let's get after. So it wasn't exaggerating when I said that push yourself beyond what you think is possible is bigger than the progress you're going to make in the gym. Because it starts to materialize in other areas of your life, but I should probably start up by trying to convince a person that says, I'm really into training smarter, not harder. And I don't want to run the risk of overtraining. For... I feel like that kind of mentality or sentiment will always lead to less results in the person that just throws her entire self at whatever they're doing. Because I challenge you to overtrain. You know what's going to happen? You're going to grow. I think people assume that overtrain is just this thing that slowly creeps up on you and starts to erode your physique that if you're not paying attention, you'll wake up one morning. They look like you don't even work out. Realty is it's pretty instantaneous. You start to train, you push yourself too hard, you start to feel like crap, and then one Sunday you sleep till noon. You wake up and you're good to go. Back when I used to train people in person, I had this lady I worked with for three years. And she always said, when did you get my husband in here? He would love this. Also he's the most hardcore person you'll ever meet. I was like, alright, sure. We'll see how he does. The day finally comes. He comes rolling up on this green, matte Harley looks disgusting. It's got this devil beard tattoo everywhere. If he went to offer me heroin, I went to bought it. Not because I'm in the market, but he's a great spokesmodel. Turns out he was in undercover cops, so that just came with the gig and he had no heroin to sell me. So he comes in and part of my vetting out processes. I would just floor somebody and whenever a body part they wanted and if they came back, they were client. So he chose arms. I'm like, alright, I could still kick your ass on arms. So I threw everything I possibly could at him. The guy threw up on arm day. How many of you have actually thrown up on an arm day? Dude was phenomenal. And I'll never forget leaving the session. I see him on his motorcycle in the very right lane. Going 10 miles an hour. It's just violently shaking. Dude probably took him an hour to get home. Came back the next day. Loved it. The reason I tell that story is that was one of the fastest and most dramatic transformations I'd ever been a part of. And the underlying reason for that is because he wasn't afraid of overtraining. He embraced it. Are let's go over the right and wrong way to train to failure because I know it sounds crazy. But there is a wrong way to kick your own ass. And I saw this a lot training people in person. They would confuse just doing whatever it took to get to that target number with what I actually wanted them to do. Which is just to get that muscle or trying to target to fail. Because when they try to hit that number, they'd sacrifice form. Their tempo would change. It'd speed it up. And then get every other muscle involved. And they look at me after they're done and just say, how do I do? You did shitty. The most important thing that should be in the forefront of your mind during your entire training is maintaining that my muscle connection. Pushing whatever you're targeting to complete failure and keeping out any supporting muscles or muscle groups from jumping in and trying to take over the movement. Robes extensions are a great way to illustrate that because you can see as people get tired. Everything jumps in. They got traps. You're going to pull in their rear doubts. Their lats start to pull it down. They start dry up in the air. It's just got awful. So whether it's this or any other exercise that closer you get to failure, the shorter the range of motions going to get. It's just inevitable after a certain point. You're unable to complete a full rep. So then you have to make a constant decision. What part of the movement am I actually going to fail in when it comes to this exercise? This people start to fail in that range of motion shortens 99% of the most shift that movement towards the finesse in part of the contraction. And I don't know if that's just because the people need to feel like they go all the way down to actually count the rep. But problem is that position is a lot more conducive to allowing every other muscle to jump in. That's why I'll always advocate for failing at the initial part of the contraction because you'll find in this position. All you can do is flex that tricep. You'll have a hard time getting any sort of other muscle to jump in to actually help you because you're locked in. And all you can do is flex that tricep to get the movement started. And if you can get your tricep to fail in that position, I'm going to get some serious growth. And it really is that simple. Just being more thoughtful during each set and allowing the actual muscle you're trying to target to fail. More often than not as you start to fail. It's easier to maintain that connection as you stay towards the initial part of the contraction. But as you get more advanced and more conscious of what your body's doing, you can purposely stay towards the finishing part of the contraction. So with these, you can take those elbows in and just wrap it out towards the bottom or say you're doing it just to regular press. As you start to fail, you can bust that last one out, say towards the top and just do parcels at the top and really get that muscle to fail. All right, let's finish up. I'm going over a way to ensure that the next set is going to destroy you and push you to complete failure. Now, there's a ton of different methods, right? You have rest paws. You got static holds, but the one I want to go with more detail on is drop sets. And before you say, we know everything about drop sets. Hear me on on this one. Yeah, everybody uses drop sets when it's easy. When you're doing side laterals, you drop the weight, go down when you're doing cables, wins the last time you need a drop set on squats or hack squats or leg press or something that's just got off. What does he make sense? Like deadlifts? Sounds kind of dangerous. But it works. It's funny how quickly we forget I'm guilty of this too about doing drop sets and something that's going to completely suck. And another variation of drops that's a little less utilized and takes a little more foresight is mechanical drops. And they're just as effective, so you can do something like standing dumbbell curls. And as you start to fail with the same weight, tilt a little bit forward because it's easier movement and continue to rip it out. You're going to notice some serious, serious pain. And do me a favor. Think of your own mechanical drop. Make sure it's horrible and tag me in your Instagram story. Here's the video where I talk about one of the most horrible sets you can do with the widow maker. As well as another one of my favorite videos, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after it, get grown. Talk to you soon. Thank you.