All right, today we're going to go over everything you need to know when it comes to growing those quads in under two minutes. So stop taking a minute and taint and let's get after it. First and foremost, everything starts with your feet. You want more engagement? Obviously drive through your heels. You want to step it up another level as you're driving up, lift those toes, putting a hundred percent of pressure on your heels and lighting up those quads. You can do this on everything from leg press, hack squat, even on this Smith machine. And a similar principle applies to leg extension. You don't want more activation and gaze those hands here, tips and hold those feet and dorsiflexion the entire time. Also remember, constant tension, even though it doesn't feel like it is your friend. You want to get more of every single movement, stop three cores the way up. When it comes to the width of your stance, the more narrow you can go, the better. But technically, you get more activation in your medialis and overall lean development if you go. Cool story, bro. You know more activation in your medialis. Turn those toes slightly out. You're more lateralist, feet together, toes together. You know more just overall development. If you want to just apart and toes slightly out. When it comes to growth, your ankle mobility is critical. It's middle and middle places to just put your feet. But you can also use it as a ruler and judge yourself harshly. If you have to put your feet nice and high because you can't keep those heels down, you're sucking it life. If you can put your feet all the way at the bottom and maintain pressure on those heels, good job and not sucking. Your goal should be to strive to constantly improve the ankle flexibility because the lower your position those feet, the greater the range of motion, the greater the stretch. Oh no, how do I do that? Number one, start training your anterior tipialis. Because when you go to a deep squat, you're going to feel a lot of muscle stretching in your crunchy old body. But the one that actually activates helps you maintain your posture and pulls those knees forward and subsequently helps you get a little bit deeper is that anterior tip. Number two, and my personal favorite because I think it works the best is just a few times a day sitting in the position you're trying to improve. At first, you're going to feel like a hunched over a bag of shit. But eventually, you feel like an athletic bag of shit. What if I have bad knees and can't do some of the things you talked about? I get it. My head looks like a dilapidated testicle that was used to play kickball. You play the hand your doubt. Just make yourself a list of exercises that you can do and try to get even more out of them. Whether that's pre-existing with a static hold or slowing down the exercise or just holding that flex for an extended period of time, that'll do it. I've always found I see the best results with higher reps and higher volume. When I do go heavy, it's not the weight that's heavy. I use a moderate weight that I make feel heavy by controlling that negative holding bottom for a few seconds and then driving it up. Feels fucking heavy though. I know if you apply these principles to your training, your quasi-in-star grown. The link to the garage program, if you haven't picked that up as well as to get notified for the full gym program when it comes out, our below. If you need help with your diet, more leg training, make sure you subscribe or go