So I wanted to make this video not because I think everybody should try this diet. In fact, I think very few people would enjoy it, let alone get results. But it should spark something in you that says, okay, I haven't pushed it in a while. Maybe I should crank it up and see if I can make even more progress. As corny as the word is, I mean, huge fan of trying to buy a hacker body. Get even more on a bit, really optimize, especially when it comes to diet. But at the end of the day, let's just try on air. Because even if you had access to every food allergy test, you can constantly monitor blood glucose levels. You're still just throwing shit at the wall and see if it sticks. And I think the reason more people don't try to test and optimize their diet is they're scared of losing muscle. And it's being somebody that's lost muscle a few times in their life. It's not that hard to get it back. For instance, last year I did a half iron man. Now, I did get this qualified because apparently you can't see God the person with the biggest ass and drop behind him. But I did learn something. First thing I learned is when you train like that, you're going to lose a shit little muscle. But even more important than that, took me less than two months to get back to where I was when I started and really opened me up and freed me from that scarcity of, oh my god, I got a whole lot every little ounce of muscle. Are I going to die? I'm going to fucking die. And really what that did is give me the green light to push my body even further or try to buy a hack even more. So four days a week, I do a 21 hour fast, three hour window. The other three days, I just carb load like crazy. Now, does that make sense? No, but that's the fucking point. Let me tell you my thought process behind this. You know, I think I'm out of my mind. I've done intermittent fasting before, works incredibly well. Two major flaws. First one, at least for me, at a certain body fat percentage, I get stuck. About 9% I don't get any lower and I just hover there. For me, that's no way to live life. A big on progress, that sucked. The second, which is even more important for me is you're not able to maintain as much muscle mass. And again, I'm getting this athletic build. And if I want to look like a slimmer, that's a good swim. Hands why I'm putting those refeed days in between. Now, will this work forever? No clue. It's worked this far, but I'm sure there's going to be some fatal flaw on it. Or over time, my body all dapped and I'll have to change it because your body's a tricky bitch. My suggestion to you is continue to task because no one's going to be able to figure out your body better than you. If you want more information, how I do my intermittent fasting, a link to a video also another one of my favorites, make sure you subscribe, hit the notification bell. And as always, get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. One more thing. It's come to my attention. I've reached that point of my YouTube career that other people started making videos on me. Which I'm all for. I'll never make a dedicated video about somebody else because to me, I don't want to be known for that. I want to be known for helping people. They're not talking shit. Although, I'd be really good at it. To me, using somebody else's name to trick the algorithm is like the YouTube version of a reach round. I'm not against it, but I'm not going to be doing it. But if you haven't been scrolling through my description where you find a link to a site where you can buy a bag of dicks and you know where to send it, I'm not going to stop you.