Alright, today we're going over exactly what I do during the holidays to make sure I don't become a big fat mess and actually able to lose fat while Everybody else is working on their third chin and hiding their disappointment in their gray wall mart sweat, so let's get after it Pay no attention to the year being off. That's because fuck you target. Let's face it. There's a few times a year where you're pretty much guaranteed to chill up First up Halloween. It starts a few days before because you got 10 pounds of candy sitting there looking at you Tempting you to ruin your life and then if there's any kids in your family you're screwed a few days after because those little idiots will leave their bags of candy around like you're not gonna go through and See all the good shit Next thanksgiving no explanation needed. You're gonna eat like an asshole in that day and then until you run out of leftovers Finally one that sneaks up on a lot of people a full week of disappointment you could look forward to from Christmas All the way to New Years so it ends up being about three weeks where you die can go completely to hell So to make sure that doesn't happen and actually continue to make progress I do a version of intermittent fasting, but I do it in a very specific way to make sure I maximize the results My eating window isn't a window. It's a meal some people like to call it oh mad For some reason I think the abbreviation sounds ridiculous so I call it one meal a day And I have that meal an hour and a half before I go to bed because if you've ever tried to go to bed starving Good fucking luck you're gonna end up staring at the ceiling and trying to hold your breath and tell you pass out now that meal Should be fairly clean good source of protein high quality carbohydrates good healthy fats, but the good news is It doesn't have to be small I'll usually have a block of beyond meat four pounds of potatoes and then after they're done cooking either drizzle with extra version olive oil or Macadamia not oil and the good thing about eating like this during those weeks is you know There's gonna be days where your diet completely falls apart. Thanks giving obviously Christmas Eve Halloween night when you're laying on your stomach eating your kids candy like a giant toddler Just know whatever crap you're eating that's your meal for the night that's all you get wake up in the next morning You're back to fasting. It just mitigates the damage a couple quick notes as you're doing this You're only focused his maintaining muscle mass, but more than anything staying lean if not getting a little bit Linear but that doesn't mean you can half-ass your workouts in fact if you train high volume you're gonna find You got a hell of a lot of energy when you fast the second question that's gonna come up is when should you train now? I like to train first thing in the morning because you have all those carbs straight up from the night before So you have an incredible pump during your workout. I've also seen the best results doing that way the only issue is You got to suffer through that starvation the rest of the day and finally I'm not as strict as I would normally be on a fast. They still have my black coffee in the morning I might be c.a.s throughout the day and I still drink my pre-work out even though It's got some shit in it, but not enough to really make a difference at the end of the day. Is this for everyone? No because if everybody does it who's gonna buy those gray dad-bought sweatpants from Walmart if you're sitting there thinking why don't you tell us about this before? Thanksgiving asshole You're right fucked up good news is I do the same thing when I go on vacation. So There you go. If you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day programs all link up below again Both of them 30 days 20 videos 20 bucks Pretty damn simple also if you haven't watched these I watch those next but most importantly subscribe Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing talk to you soon