You gotta ask yourself, what kind of sick human being makes a video about losing body fat and releases it on Thanksgiving? That's what you're dealing with. This is definitely going to be a video you want to watch again later. After you've done stuff in your face and you've blooped the bathroom a few times and you're completely filled with guilt and you're ready to get back on the right track. And as odd as it may sound, I'm doing this because I care. I think the statistic is something crazy like between today and the first of the year, people get in an average like nine pounds. Moral the story, let's not be average. And I say, let's purposefully because we're in this together. I'm always only a few bad decisions away from being a full blown diabetes. And at the end of this video, I'll go over exactly how I attack training abs as well as specific exercises because when you're following these three steps, you can be really efficient with your ab training. Can't be an afterthought, but don't over-complicate it. Step number one, stop screwing up. My wife came to me the other day and said, hey, I'm just not losing weight as fast as I think I should be. What do you think it is? And I just sat there like an asshole because, well, you know me and then I said, hold on. Crystal light greens, coffee creamer, all those things add up and make no mistake about it. I'm a chubby chaser heart. So for goals to bulk up, I'm a team player. I'll help her bake some cookies and pack on some masks, but that's not her goal and I hate to see her frustrated. And her response, as well as others I've talked to this about, is usually the same. What's wrong with the little crystal light and coffee creamer? And my response is always the same back. What's right with it? I mean, if your justification is that taste good makes me happy, that's fine. Just know that it adds up quick. And that's my sentiment towards the greens as well. So wonderful product, but know that there's 50 calories in there and that's not an insignificant amount. I mean, go hop on the treadmill and see how long it takes you to burn out 50 calories. A shitty amount of time. And I wonder why my wife let me leave the house with a wrinkly T-shirt. It's probably pissed at me. So that covers the screwups that happen when you unknowingly take into much extra calories. But what about those known screwups? When you take a pizza to the face every night, how do you stop that? Here's an analogy for all my single friends. You're a solid 7. That means your dating pool is most likely 7's. Unless you really get yourself in a good shape, take care of yourself. You might be able to reach up and grab an 8. You're not getting a 9 and there's no such thing as 10's. Those are unicorns, stop believing in f***ing unicorns. Every bad decision you make like every night you smash a pizza, bring your number down. Before you could get 7's, now you drop to 6.9's. To eventually, you're the surgeon for a 2 or you eat yourself to death and die alone. If that doesn't get you motivated, I don't know what will. Thanks again Roman for sponsoring this video. I thought for sure, if that last sad read, they're gonna call me up and say, hey, we appreciate all you've done, but everybody that needed our help already called and signed up. Thread-averted, great job. But that's not the case. There's still a lot of people out there dealing with one of the most life-altering and serious medical conditions there is. You know the one, marshmallow and f***. A rectangle dysfunction. That's what Roman spent years building a digital platform that connect you and a doctor licensed your state all from the comfort of your own home. Just grab your phone, your computer or do what I did. You'll violently add a frustration until your neighbor's call a cops and they can help you complete a free online visit. Then you hear back from US License Physician within 24 hours. If a doctor decides treatment's right for you, Roman's pharmacy can ship your medication to you with free 2 day shipping. You also get free fall ups through their doctor and tell me of questions or you want to adjust your treatment plan. Remember there's no commitment so you can cancel anytime. Go to get romin.com slash Ryan for free online visit and free 2 day shipping. Again get romin.com slash Ryan. For free online visit every 2 day shipping. Hey Doc, we got up the dose. Why? I couldn't I could barely even get one. I know f***ing embarrassing. Step two get ready or crutch. Build a concrete plan that you can follow that's going to get you results and start decreasing your body fat without cardio. Unless you're somebody who just has no friends and loves to do cardio, it'll work but more than likely it's not sustainable. And this is where usually get 75 DMs and say, well tell me the exact calories and macro percentage and speed to which I say do it yourself. Really you have to test because if I just told you the exact diet that I do or one that I think is going to work for you, I'd probably be full of shit. I can tell you what I've done in experiences I've had in the past and what's worked for me but I can't tell you that this diet is going to work for everybody because it won't. Figure out your maintenance calories, drop a by a few hundred, tweak your macro percentages and eventually you'll figure your body out because at the end of the day no one's going to know you better than you can know you. Step three don't screw yourself from the start. A diet sounds like a death sentence. If somebody told me I had to follow this meal plan and there's no lean you see whatsoever, I'd say hold on and then go lay in the street. That's why every Saturday in our house we start the day off by eating garbage food. We get our pants on around noon but that's only going out in the world to get more garbage food. And to the people that will no doubtably comment on this video that you can't lose weight, have an entire cheat day. I would say go back to step two. Step reading your bullshit case studies and experiment on yourself. It'll work. So when you're following those three steps to a T it's just a matter of time before that six back starts poking through and it makes ab training incredibly easy. I just had ten minutes to end my workout three times a week and it's very short rest. Today I did three runs of these to failure back to back to back, no rest just burned them out and I was done. Starting out I did elbows to knees lying on the bench because I get more of a stretch on these but I don't suggest these to be having any disc problems. Then a modified version of a crunch just to put more stress on those abs. I just called it a chubby man's V up. Then twist in those hips to hit those legs and do a knees to chest. If you're in the States have a great thanksgiving and whether you like it or not, or like family this year, I'm not have to be the stand-in for your creepy uncle. Here's a link to a video where I go into more detail on diet. Also one on common training mistakes. The most important links subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after get growing. Talk to you soon. If you didn't think I was an asshole before, it's wearing socks at a whole time.