Alright, today we're going to even more I'm training because if you're doing this, this or even this, you're a horrible person and you're doing it wrong. So if you're ready, let's get after it. I know you're thinking, another arm video and I don't want to have to make another one either, but there's still a lot of people out there that live in their mom's basement, which is understandable, times or tough, but I'm not okay with you looking like you live in your mom's basement. That's the case. Why don't you tell us where you get your clothes at? Because every video, five or six people comment, hey, where'd you get that shirt? No, it's a creepiest thing in the world is, it's not meeting somebody you've never met, who knows everything about you and you know nothing about them and they assume your best friends. It's meeting somebody you've never met, it assumes your best friends and they're wearing the same f***ing outfit. You almost feel bad. I apologize. I'm sorry, I'm fresh at a dirty underwear I can sell you. Alright, Mistake number one has to do with traditional barbell curls and it's not when people curl in the squat rack because to me, the secret to life is doing what you love no matter how many people you offend. The bigger issue is that most people don't have the risk flexibility to pull it off. They can't comfortably supinate those palms all the way without having to pain in their wrist or their forearms, which matters. Because if you're focused in on that, you're less likely to focus in on the connection you have with your biceps and you can unconsciously change the movement pattern to one that isn't optimal for your biceps. Let's use the old pink elephant add-ins to help illustrate this point. Now I don't want you to think of a plus-sized stripper who's a little past their prime and who's at least two kids based upon the odd length of our nipples. Could you do it? I didn't think so. Can't do it with a pain in your wrist either. So what can you do? Well for one, I'd look into using an easy bar because they made this thing for special people like you. I'm sure you're doing straight bar curls because everybody in the history of bodybuilding has done straight bar curls. But if you're curling up and as you do that wrist automatically turns in, that's a sign. Just like when you go out to eat and then you come home and shit liquid fire, that's also a sign. And with these, you're wrist-tanked and comfortable position the entire time. And then from there, it's just figuring out what head of the bicep you want to target. Go nice and close to that long head. Go nice and wide and hit that short head without adding any additional stress. Another obvious one is doing unilateral dumbbell or cable work because sometimes it's not the wrist, it's not the form, it's the shoulders themselves. They can't tuck those elbows into their sides instead they end up flaring them out and then it puts more of a stress on that forearm to open that wrist even more. And nobody should look like this. If you do, just lock that tricep onto a preacher curl or the incline of a bench and then you can work around any shoulder issue you might have. And then from there, just picking what part of the bicep you want to target. Another common issue I see is when people try to hit that lateral head of their triceps. They think just because they're using a rope, it's going to get the job done. But a lot of it has to do with your shoulders because believe it or not, they're attached to your f***ing arms. And if you're using two hands on the rope, then you're really limited by how much internal or external rotation you can get with those shoulders unless you have a longer rope or you can come into doing it one arm in a time which is not as much fun because you can't use as much weight when you smash that weight. It sounds obnoxious but you can really exaggerate and rotate that shoulder in as you come down. So then it goes from this to this and your shoulders can obviously be a huge problem as well. Even on exercises where you think you're safe, like a concentration curl. And I see this mistake a lot in this exercise because people think well, nothing bad can happen to me. So I'm going to have the heaviest weight possible and throw it up and down. Or all I have to do is shove my elbow into my knee and good things will happen. But if you're not focused in on making sure that bicep fights the weight during the eccentric part of the movement, that shoulder will dip in, jump in and take over. So there's two things you can do. One you can wind that foot out a little bit more, which is going to shorten the range of motion, which is fine. It'll just make sure that shoulders are already locked into place and it's on your bicep working or use lighter weight. That fixes it. I'm going to wrap this up by saying that I'm going to start throwing a male time in some of these videos because you'd be surprised all the ran. I'm shit that companies send me. Everything from Chinese their guns to asspray. But I've learned my lesson and life's dated me a little bit. For instance, one time one of my accidents said, you know it'd be great if we shirt our deepest darkest secrets for each other. I said, okay, you first. Then about halfway through a story, I realized, oh, you were a prostitute, which is a weird thing to learn six months into the relationship. She goes, no, that's not the case. Me and my friend just got paid money to do weird shit for people. I said, okay, give me an example. Well, one time we went to this guy's house and you know those ladles he served soup with, he had it shoved up his ass. And he didn't want anything from us. He just wanted us to be little on and talk shit to him. He said, wow, you went for me judging your life harshly to admiring you. Well, played. So obviously, I'm going to get a PO box because it's more than likely someone's going to show up to my house with a ladle up their ass. And this hilarious is that is, I don't have to explain that to my wife. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program, I'll leave a link below. There's been over 15,000 people that have taken it. And they all have a love hate relationship with it. And I've only had to give two refunds and they're to the same guy because he bought the thing three times. Don't ask me. And if you haven't got a chance to watch these two videos, I'd watch those next. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and share this video because that helps grow this channel and get after it. Get growing. Talk to you soon.