Alright, today we're hitting traps. Now this video is for anybody who either just doesn't give results from heavy shrugs. Or maybe you do when you're just tired of jerking weight up and down, you want something different to do because the be honest with you, having done heavy shrugs since I was a little girl and even when I did do them, I think you'd great results. On top of that, I just didn't like the way I felt. I get that same feeling when you get drunk with your friends and you decided to become a professional slapbox or you wake up next morning and everything on your face and neck and basically your entire head hurts. That's the same way I felt from heavy shrugs. So, go over some variations that I like to do. Let's get after it. Alright, let's start up with a CD cable because I don't care how screwed up you are between the attachments and adjusting the angle you're body. You can find something you connect with it. If you haven't got results before, this will do it for you. And the reason I like these so much is you're able to hit traps at what I feel is the best angle for development, which isn't straight up and down. It's coming back in a motion that really prioritizes those lower and mid traps and then finishes the contraction off into those upper traps because most people who do shrugs non stop look great from the front. They have this nice, 3D look. They got that nice top shelf to the traps. You turn them to the side and they look they've been home schooled their entire life. Alright, so let's start with a nice high straight bar cable row. Now make sure you start the contraction off the lower part of those traps by pulling those shoulder blades back and as you start to drive it up, make sure you really pull those elbows up nice and high and that's just going to drive the contraction up even higher. Now if you do this for short period of time, a couple of weeks, you'll notice that you get more development from the side and you look less home school. I mean, you can get mad at me if you want, but I don't even know when the shit comes from. Alright, let's switch it up and through what I call a T bar handle and they're a do more of a traditional style of shrug but at a more optimal angle. Now with these, you've got to really adjust that body because one of your shoulders are going to talk to you and tell you what sucks and what doesn't. But also you're going to find an angle that really stretches those traps more and has a better contraction as you're coming back. And for me, I keep a nice bend to that elbow because I want to feel like as I'm coming up to the top, I'm going to pull that handle apart and really contract those traps in it just a better contraction overall. If you're still having trouble connecting to those traps, then you're often human being and you're just jerking off the weight too much. If you lighten up the weight and throw two single handles on there and actually pull the parties you come back, you're going to find that connection and actually get those damn things to grow. I don't know where trap development took a left turn to every side of the best way to train them is just go heaviest possible because for me, the best way I found is to make those traps work harder through a movement in other ways than just grabbing the heaviest dumbbells or stacking the bars much as you can because just because your traps can handle it doesn't mean you should. I mean your biceps can handle a hell of a lot of weight and something like an open hand of deadlift but unless you're a competitive lifter and that's your life where you got to deal with that with your orthopedic surgeon and every time you come in after you tear a muscle you get a free reach around. I wouldn't recommend it. One of the best drug variations I've found is when you do a dumbbells and the way you do is by opening up that chest pulling those shoulders back, pinching those shoulder blades together and then supernating those palms. So before you even start the movement, you've already engaged in most neglected part of people's traps and then you're contracting back in an angle and then from there it's just about deciding if you want to keep the elbow in a fixed position or if you want to chance it and test it and see if you get more of that contraction you can enhance it by bending those elbows as you can track up. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next and get after get grown. Talk to you soon.