All right, today we're hitting arms, and we're going dumbbells only. Because I realized not everybody's blessed is made of access to a gym like this. I want to say, bless, what I really mean is I'm just really good at breaking in the places because growing up, my older brother was a complete asshole. And he was the favorite, so he had all the good shit. I'm talking pugs, magic cards, transformers. You know, the ones you piece together and make this beast of a transformer. So every day when he went to school, locked his door, and it was my mission to break in. He was justified too, because I broke all his shit. He was so pissed, he moved out of the age of 12. What can I say? I go hard in the paint with transformers. When it comes to arms, I really hammered on the fact you need a light enough of the weight, focus on the contraction, and effort to get people to stop dry, helping reps up on top of that higher volume and higher reps you're going to be your friend. But one thing I haven't talked about pretty much at all is the amount of rest you should take. And when it comes to arms, you should take as little as possible. And what I mean by that is your rest comes between exercises, not sets. You're only just taking enough time to change the weight, take 2D breaths, and go out again. You got 3 to 5 sets, or if you're doing unilateral work, there is no rest. You're just going back and forth until the actual sets are done. And I know it's a little counterintuitive because most people think you've got to progress with the overload to put on the most muscle. And you are to an extent, right? Those first couple sets, you'll go up and wait. But by that third force set, you can only hope to stay the same. In all reality, you're probably going to have to back that weight back down, because there would be so much blood in the muscle and you're not going to be able to move. So yeah, you're overloading the muscle, but it's because the intensity of that exercise because of those short breaths. All right, so we're starting with single arm curls with your arm against the wall. Now, benefit there is a real short range of motion. And it weighs no time to pushing blood in that muscle, causing trauma, just getting a horrible pump going, because some exercises that have a real long range of motion, you'll notice you might get two sets in before you really have that nice, great contraction connection to the muscle. This one, within that first set, it's going to be blown up. Typically, I start with a tricyp exercise. Usually, some sort of cable extension, just getting enough blood in the elbow, so you don't sound like crunchy pieces of shit, but because we're doing dumbbells only, next best thing, start with a bicep exercise. It'll just get enough blood in there indirectly, that I mean, if I try to do some sort of skull crusher or overhead extension, I mean, I'd have to listen to the entire workout. So this way, you get enough blood, warm some up, you're good to go. I'm gay from the mud. Does that on my hands? Throw black a tree. All right, next up, we're going to do a single arm over at extension or a single arm French press. What do you want to call it? The one thing I want you to watch out for over here is letting the elbow relax and flirt at the side, because most people do this, I used to do this a lot to, is you just get in a place where you're comfortable. And usually what that means is that tricep is not as stretch as it could be. Like if you were at a pullover machine, you know that every time you do that machine, your triceps gets sore too. That's because that deep stretch you get from those triceps, and you have to engage those triceps to start that lat movement. So knowing that, we could do that same thing, and push those triceps in a deeper stretch by turning the elbow forward, flaring that lat out a little bit, and then pushing that stretch back, and then flexing up from there. So instead of putting it in place where you can kind of relax and just flex that tricep up, we'll put it in a place where it's in an extreme stretched position and then flex from there. There's root tricep, all I've been doing. Obviously no reason to lock out of the top. Just keep that short range of motion, constant tension, and then push that stretch as much as you can, while still being able to keep the elbow tucked in. Mm. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. All right, next step we're doing two variations. A pretty good one goes back to back. Like how the demo just randomly appeared in my hand. It's fucking magic. So the first one's going to be traditional. So the elbows tucked to the side, but what I do want you to do is make sure you shove the elbow back behind the shoulder. So it's just that bicep working. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Show it to me. Then you're going to go right into a very easy way. Open up that shoulder even more. Lean against that quad and then target that short hand. Yeah. Show it to me. Show it to me. Show it to me. Show it to me. Show it to me. All right, so we're finishing up with a little bit different variations of score crushers. So what we want you to do is line the ground. Put that demo almost like it's sitting on your shoulder. That way when you have to start the contraction after reach back, grab it, stress that tricep, puts that elbow to perfect angle, but also makes you get those wrists involved. So to contract it up, you're going to flex it wrist away. As you come back to get to the starting position, you have to flex that wrist back towards you. That's for me that's just a better stretch, better contraction, and it gets more engagement. Where do you raise the bar? What is up to my chin? What's up, my dick? So as always, like some tri-of-the-notification bell. Leave a comment for the video on next. Get after get going. Talk to you soon.