All right, today we're training to you guys all that mess about human. Just do like favorite peptide is for growth. Find out, I'll probably the muscle group that have grown the most over the past year. It's also the body part that I've changed the most in terms of how I trained it. Meaning that I've been training them wrong up until this past year. If I had a pinpoint it, I think it's a mix of believing that old adage that you don't need to train your anterior delts because you use them at every pressing movement. That's not true. And that I didn't really have an appreciation or even understanding of the fiber orientation of the heads of the delts. The first thing we're going to talk about is how to warm your shoulders properly. Because every single dude I see at the gym grabs a PVC pipe like this and does pass through his or passes behind the back and goes all the way back, which is something that I used to do. But it seems crazy the more you think about it because we don't want hyper mobility. Maybe if we were dealing with the spine that way you had the added benefit of being able to blow yourself at the end of it. But when you're mobilizing any joint, the goal is to ease any sort of pain or dysfunction and restore the original range of motion. Pulling that bar all the way behind your back, puts a lot of unneeded stress on your labor, your rotator cuff muscles, and it's not a very functional movement. I'm sure somebody in the comments can say, what about pitchers? You're not a major league pitcher. I would bet money. You even suck at softball. You don't need that exaggerated range of motion. Oh look, you can do it. I still use it, but I only take it through the natural scapula or humor rhythm. So take it and go directly above your head, making sure that all the muscles that are supposed to fire and help move your shoulder blades out of the way so you don't have any sort of impingement actually fire. It also allows me to check and see if I slept like an asshole the night before and now I have some weird issue. Basically the same thing you were doing before but don't screw it up and go too far. And then you can start working your hands in, getting a little more activation out of your delts and not worrying about dislocating your shoulder. One of my favorite movements to start out with is the cable side ladder. The fact that you're working against constant tension and its unilateral movement makes it really easy to find that mind muscle connection. I will say that if your gym hasn't Atlantis side ladder, that's the ultimate. You're just going to face it the opposite way that you might think that way you can lead with your pinky, but one handle on your hip. The other hand it goes behind you. It's magical. We're going to mimic that exact movement on here. And I know some people get weird about internally rotating their shoulder and doing a side lateral because they think in pinchment which yeah if I went directly out to the side it's in pinch but I'm going scapular playing sometimes even more than that. Pass that 45 degrees but I'm internally rotating that shoulder so I'm leading with that lateral head. It's significantly better. I attribute all my cap belt progress to this style of movement. Before I would do regular side laterals all day nothing would happen. As you can see it's pretty damn close to me doing a front raise. I'm just positioning my body on a 45 degree angle and then making sure when I pull up my pinky, my elbow and my lateral head lead the way. And most importantly which I see people mess up all the time is only come up as high as your adult can contract. Anything pass parallel your trap has to get involved. Hopefully this shows you the angle which I'm pulling that way you can kind of match it. See if I can do some heavy sets of 10 without screwing this out. Doubt it. Holy shit how did I dress myself? It looks like I'm wearing, it looks like I'm wearing camouflage under ruse. That big aha moment I had and the reason I changed all my shoulder training was after looking at tons of cadavers which is a weird time in my life. What you realize is the only a small percentage of the lateral head actually originates off the side of the delt. Meaning there's only a narrow portion of fibers that are responsible for pulling your arm directly out to the side based upon fiber orientation. What I'm saying is that internally rotating your shoulder and doing side ladders like this will target parts of your delt that you've been neglecting for years. Now some of you might have got the email. Most of you probably not. What I decided to do is cancel the subscription in the app so every program just like before is 20 bucks, one time, never pay again, get access for a and don't go by one now because you're going to screw it my watch time, wait till the end. I had to think about what I would want as a customer and I would always want to only pay one time and never again. Why would I not want that? One of the reasons that I've always loved to brose blit is that you can actually dedicate time to those individual heads of your delt. An entire day dedicated to delt allows you to get two exercises for each heads anywhere from eight to ten sets. That's enough to grow. It's freaking a witch. Another one of my favorite lateral head exercises is the Smith wide grip upright rope. Gotta get out now and do this. Move it. But what do that angle? I was doing these the other day and a kid came out to me and said can you show me how to do that exercise and I said sure, as long as you never do it again after today. It is one of the most difficult exercises to do because you need a lot of internal rotation of your shoulder. I will constantly screw it up if I don't have a mirror to look at which I don't. But if you can do it correctly it allows you to pull the weight and stop the movement right at peak contraction. Yep. Don't try this at your own gym but you'll notice that my Smith machine doesn't have the counterweight. It's better that way. Move five whole pounds. Good job. Bitch. The thing you want to watch out for on these is making sure elbow stays above the bar. Once it starts to drop back you pull it up like this. You've lost. And this is one of the ones that when it gets hard you can flex up nice and slow and still maintain that connection. You don't have to throw the weight around. Just continue to squeeze into that. I don't know how to show you guys all that mess about human. My favorite part is all the dumb people after the fact that came out and said look at I told you he was not. He's a charlatan. You can't trust him. He decided to case study from 1985. Trying not to let somebody's character flawed to track from the fact that they're putting out good stuff into the world. Hell, when I was in sixth grade I dressed up as a rastafarian and my mom helped me put on black face. We all make mistakes. My mom was alcoholic. I tried to film it from an angle. You can watch my elbow to tell me if I'm fucking it out. One more. A little cookie. Ow, fuck. Something like that fucking Chuckie cheese. Don't don't don't don't. I still plan on making that sarm's video but I got sidetracked because I started diving into the science of depression because I think at some point in our lives we've all seen the devil's dick. If you haven't then you probably lived a very privileged life and you're boring. So I'll probably make that video next. One of my go-to raredel exercises recently has been what I would call a rear delt. What the fuck would I call it? A single arm rear delt raised. I no longer do anything for the posterior delt that could involve my mid-trapper rhomboids. So I never come out to the side. I'm trying to do things to keep that arm close to my body which could you run into your lat at that point? Yes, if you screw it up. Just make sure you focus on really lengthening your rear delt as you go into the stretch so pushing your arm away from you and then scooping back. The posterior delt will stop the contraction. Don't go any higher than that. That's it. Nice part about this exercise is it lends itself to going heavy. Somebody asked me other day what my favorite is not comfortable. Somebody asked me the other day what my favorite peptide is for growth. Bullking whatever you want to call. Surprisingly, I've heard nobody talk about this and I don't know why it's a good idea. My answer is semi-glutide. Now before you say that's ridiculous, it has cardio-protective benefits that are unrelated to the weight you lose which obviously is important as you're going up and weight. Probably nice to keep your heart healthy. It enhances insulin secretion but also in several ways it increases insulin sensitivity. So think about that. It's like a long acting insulin light. All you have to do is feel your body with enough carbohydrates in a surplus. Make sure you counteract the appetite suppressant effects with like an MK677 and congratulations you're getting bigger and leaner at the same time. The clinical trials were done with obese people that didn't know how to work out or manipulate their diet in a way to get the best possible result. Also, I wasn't just sitting here for the hell of it. This is the next exercise. I saw a day polomba will do this a long time ago and I loved it. It keeps that same motion. Arm tucked your body and squeezing that rear-belt straight back. To film this exercise in a way that makes sure my chocolate starfish isn't winking at you. All right last but not least, anterior delts. For the past couple months I've been exclusively pressing but making sure again everything I do is anterior delt focus so elbows are tucked. You're going to see when you try this exercise if you haven't done like this before, you're going to naturally want to bow your elbow out and get that side don't involved. Fight that at all costs. You might have to go lighter at first just to train yourself to stay on that path. I bought these dumbbells during the lockdown at some place in Pioria. They're the dirtiest pieces of shit. Hey, oh, no, no, no. Still getting over being sick. Couple sets in 80 because I don't have 75. Good job, you got three. And finishing off with this makeshift biking press. I would rather have an actual one but again, I don't have. It's still good but I need to spend time to buy some more equipment for this gym. I just in the past I would only buy things that I thought most people would have at their gym. But recently I've been training out of here more and more because I realize there's a lot of friendly people out there that want to tell you about their dumb life. And I don't care. Here's the entire workout just in case you want to write it down and try it at home. Second thought, I can just build this out and put it in the app for free. You can just go do it in there because that's probably better than you writing this down in cran and trying to take it with you to the gym and fucking lose. And again, all programs are now and forever only 20 bucks and you keep them forever. There's four brand new ones, a ppl, a garage, a back-by-science and a new full gym. No more subscriptions because it's the right thing to do.