All right, today we're going over the optimal number of days to train during the week. Now this is strictly based on experience. Your just could be different, but I know for a fact I'm gonna need a whiteboard illustrate this. Trick is not to draw to me, flash the things on it. Let's get after it. How you can see? Still got a lot of shit in here. How you can see? Still got a lot of shit in here. How you can see? Now obviously they're gonna make some cool little graphics and after effects, but I feel like every time I do that, it ends up looking kind of cheesy. And since every other fitness YouTuber has some sort of whiteboard video or they color themselves with a marker, I figured why not show off my third grade level penmanship. So I have the bare minimum of this chart of three times a week. Because honestly, if you're training less than three times a week, I have no idea what you're doing. I mean, I guess you can train all upper body one day and all lower the next, but I feel like if I did that, I would just train two days in a row and then sit around and wait for five days. If you feel like you're that busy and your goals just get everything in in two days, then congratulations. You just found a way to train just enough, just still look like shit. And in the extreme high end, we got two days. Which I've done, but you got maybe a week or two at the most because either you end up dreading the gym or you end up physically making yourself sick because it's just too much for your body to handle. Now you can definitely get results training three times a week. I've done it. I liked it, but there's a huge flaw. And that's the split you have to have. It ends up being something like chess shoulders, triceps one day, back biceps abs the other, a full leg day, quad, tams, calves, glutes. It ends up being a grueling workout each time, hour and a half long. And to keep up that intensity for an hour and a half, it's damn near impossible. So it's inevitable that somebody parts get neglected. I think the sweet spot is five or six days. Really depends on your priorities. Right now, there's a couple of things that prioritize my training. One being that I wanna wake up one day and have an old flat wide ass. So I split up my quads and hands and hit glutes on both of those days. Another thing that's important to me is I want my workouts to be fast. When I have as much intensity as possible for 30, 40 minutes top. So a six day week split is perfect one to body parts max and then I'm out. So yeah, at the end of the day, you're gonna do some sort of bros split and I know people don't wanna hear that. I think it's our cake and they wanna do some sort of push pull legs. They hope that's the best way to train, but just like anything in life. Nuring down your focus to one or two things, it's gonna get you better results. And don't even get me started on five times a week full body because if you train your legs the way you're supposed to, five times a week, you'd probably die. I just trained quads a day and went home and took a nap like I was six. God, that handwriting is disgusting. What the fuck is that? And just because I know I'm gonna get questions on my specific training split and there's no possible way you can read this. Each one of these have their own day. Just shoulders, arms, back, quads, calves, glutes, ham, calves, glutes, and then I sprinkle in abs and forearms here and there. At the end of the day, you gotta figure out what body parts you wanna prioritizing your split, but always feel that five or six days is gonna yield you the best results. It's gonna shorten the amount of time you're actually in the gym and you can destroy yourself each workout. One more thing before I go. You didn't think I was gonna get through this whole thing without drawing a gun here, did you? Here's a link to a video where I go with my previous training split, as well as another one of my favorites. Make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.