All right, today we're blowing up arms, but it's going to be a little bit different because I've had a lot of people reach out and ask for a program, but I've been hesitant. I did my research, bought a few programs that are out there, and even though it was just for research, I've been disappointed. Basically, I bought the PDF version of someone taking a brown paper bag, filling it full of crap, lighting on fire, and leaving it on my doorstep. Not a good experience. Needless to say, it took a while for me to figure out exactly what I wanted to do because, yeah, I like to joke around, but I'm not the type of person that can nicely package up a shit sandwich and try to sell it to you. So what I did is I hired a development team to build an app. That way I can upload the most disgustingly horrible daily workouts where we can just kick the shit out of ourselves. Let me show you. Wow. That turned out even uglier than I hoped. So the idea is to have daily workouts that I actually do. That same thought process when I walk into gym and think, okay, I'm going to push that muscle hard enough to guarantee grows that apparently on construction paper. I don't even know what the fuck that says. I've no idea I locked down everybody. I sold it to a pole and see if everybody wants to start with a garage style gym or they don't want to go to a fully equipped gym or just throw up on every machine. But we're starting out with a dumbbell arm day. So the first exercise is going to be an incline curl right to a regular seated curl and then right into a drag curl we're going to lean slightly forward just try to get even more pressure on that by step. It should get progressively easier. So the rep range is trying to get to 15, 20 reps. If you get over 20, that's why you do damn light. You probably stop because you're bored. If it's 8 to 10 and you fail that way then you probably feel because your shoulder got involved. You just threw that way around. You're not connected to the muscles. So try to hit that 15 to 20 rep range. So with the incline curls, play around the angle of that bench. Sometimes you're going to connect more with an extreme angle where you feel like you're falling off the bench at a 45 degree angle. Sometimes it's 75 degrees, it's a slight tilt back with that elbow. But the variation I want you to do today is make sure you have the elbow locked into place. You don't let it drift forward with the curl, lock it into place and curl straight up from there. With the regular curls you're going to bring those dumbbells in between your legs, tuck those elbows into your stomach, like a preacher curl. That's just going to keep those elbows out of it. So they can't drift back and forth and keep those shoulders out of it. And on the drag curls just walk those feet in tilt slightly forward and you're going to draw a straight line from that hand up to that shoulder and pulling up on that straight line. Now there is no real number here. You're just trying to push yourself to failure. You'll know if it's too light, you'll know if it's too heavy. But once you find the optimal rep range, don't think just rep it out until it feels like it's going to blow up and you fail and then you're going right to the next exercise, back to back to back. All right, next step we got the skull crushers are going to put that bench in the slight angle. Just so we can force the stretch of that tricep a little bit more and a little bit easier on those shoulders and we're doing three drop sets. Three drop sets are actually just one set. You'll also notice on these and get my wrists involved. Part of the reason is because everybody are connected to that tricep but also gives me a point of reference to know that I'm coming down equally on both sides because we've all had a great time just repented out. Next thing we know, we take a downout of the face. This corrects that. So you know when you come down, you're able to touch those shoulders. If a reference point, you hit an equally in both sides, that way you know you're not just wonky as all hell and then you flex out from there. Then the last one, those tens felt pretty light. You might run into this as well. So what I did is I straight my arms as much as possible. Made it a horribly hard angle and I failed. All right, next up we're going to do single arm curls on the bench but we're going to try to hit that bicep from every angle. We're going to start up by hitting that short head by exaggerating, really opening up that shoulder but even letting that dumbbell drift back a little bit. So you really have to flex and get the mean to that bicep to curl it up. Then you're going to turn in and we're going to really target that break yowse and long head more. Instead of just really hammer curl coming up, we're going to exaggerate the movement even more, put more stress on it by pruning that palm when you go down so you actually feel more of that stress on that long hand and as you're curling up exaggerate the movement really flexing, supinate that wrist even more, get more of that bicep involved. The whole thing's going to be toast by this point. All right, last but not least we're going bench dips right into a close grip pushup but we're going to pre-exos both of them with parcels at the top. So starting out with 10 parcels just barely going down, trying to lean back flex and then right back down. It's a very short movement, 10 of those and then right into regular bench dips but like I said before, I like doing these best where you just really lean back, put all that pressure in your tricep, don't lock it all the way out and then go right back down. And for these I'm going to set the dumbbells up in a position where I have that wrist really supinated because for me that's just a better connection and then I try to keep a hip stitch close like into the floor really lean back, put more pressure in that tricep and then the parcels are the same. Just slightly going down, just flex it up, pre-exos, and then get right into the movement. And the benefit here is if you're stuck at home, I mean it's not a big deal. If you shoot yourself, just walk into the shower, no shame. Unless you're wife-some. Shame. I'll leave a link for an email sign up so you know when the app goes live but I'm also going to have other videos in there as far as diet, Q&A stuff. I try to get the app developers to really speed up and put the feature where you can upload just a heart of set you've done during the week and I can pick the mega-chode of the week but this is a version 2 so we'll have to wait. And no matter what restrictions you're dealing with, we're going to kick our asses all the way through it together, come out bigger and better because, f*** them. That's why. If you liked this video, here's two of my favorites on arms with limited equipment but most importantly, hit that subscribe notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.