You want to build more muscle? Then you have to cheat. I'm not talking about putting your hands in your knees when you leg press or throwing up weight or squatting down only low enough just to air with those balls a little bit. That's amateur stuff. Let me explain. About to go full Hulk Hogan. Here's the deal. I'm giving you permission to cheat. And not in some half ass way. Like pretending your wife got states for cancer suddenly died. And you get a daydream about who you'd have sex with first. No. We're going over how to purposely manipulate specific exercises to get even more out of them. Increase that time and attention and even help you push past failure. And I'm sure you're all familiar with Arnold's cheat curls where when you start to fail you get your hips involved and that allows you to force out even more reps. But we can do a lot more than dry hump a few curls. One of my favorite ways is changing the tempo during the exercise. It's one of the safest ways to force out even more reps than you normally get. You've done what's with any exercise. But let's take the biceps on this example because if I've learned anything about going to bars and obviously younger watching sponge Bob. People are dumb and anchor arms will get you a long way in life. So what you can do is pick away you can do 20 preferably 30 reps with and really lock in that form. Tuck those elbows in and make sure that biceps doing all the work because you're focusing on that contraction when you fail. You know, one hell of a pump. That's going to allow you really loosen up your form and not worry if other muscles are jumping in or how much the biceps involved. You can really just throw some weight around and even the ugliest contraction is going to inflict further damage on that muscle and help you make progress. I'm not sure if you're not a danger to people around you. Fuck them. So let's face a mechanical drops or just like bachelors parties and vagas. You're planning to cheat ahead of time and don't act like you're not in Vegas. It's considered a poor taste if you don't stick your thumb up and dancers have. So you're either going to leave that town a cheater or consider it a bad host for the rest of your life. It's a lose lose. So now that we establish your horrible person and you can effectively plan ahead, let's take those skills over to the leg extension because this machine is made for mechanical drops. And unlike most of the time, whereas the set progresses, you're moving away from mechanical disadvantage with these. We know where you're the strongest. It's as you're getting closer to locking that weight out. So we can take advantage of that by doing a full range motion and then once you fail, focus on doing partial reps at the top. Another good example I found where it's really beneficial to cheat is with one arm rows. You get the best possible contraction when you have really strict form and you don't pull that dumbbell straight up, but you pull it on an arc as you come up. And you're really open up that shoulder and try to engage that lad as much as possible. But I also find it beneficial to take some heavy weight and jerk it around simply for the eccentric part of the movement and the stretch of that lap because as you're trying to stabilize that weight and square those shoulders up with the floor. That lad's going to stretch a lot more than it would with that lighter weight. So why not go super sand dickhead and grab a dumbbell from two separate pairs. Really make sure everybody hates you and start out with a lighter weight and then once you fail, grab some heavier weight. You ain't get up and down and really focus on stretching and opening up that lap. And I was going to go over side later on, but it seems like everybody already cheats on these kind of like the speed limit or saying they get up at six, but they actually get up at six 45. They just hit the snooze button a bunch of times or girls name Ashley because it's only a matter of time before smashing cheats on you. So it's more preemptive strike. And the next time before you do is set, I want you to think back to your first love. Maybe your high school sweet heart and think back how you took so much pride in the fact that you never cheated your faithful. And for whatever reason, it just didn't quite work out because you were 18 you dumb shit, you should have cheated it. And if you haven't got a chance to take out the 30 day program, I'll leave a link below 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you need help with your diet, I've watched this video next or a little motivation. I've watched this one, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.