Alright, today we're going over some of the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to training shoulders and there's a lot of them. So let's get after it. Oh, no another shoulder video. We're not leaving this. So first things for a sense. A lot of people asked I'm definitely making a science-based series, but I get my facts and figures in order because the last thing I want to have happened is somebody make a reaction video that calls me out from misquoting the exact number of anal fissures that happened per day or Makes me look like a fool because I didn't do my clitoral research, but the reason I want to make this video is because it must have been shoulder day at the gym and I saw some horrible form and anybody's ever done this before knows you can't just walk up a nicey say hey, your form makes me nauseous because for some reason people lose their shit and especially as a man trying to help out a woman They think you're creeping on them. I've even been preface by saying hey, I'm married. I'm not trying to hit on you. I just want to let you know that you're formed pretty shitty, but even that hasn't gone over so well. So I'm going to reach into my seventh grade playbook and start giving mixed tapes to everybody. You know how I want to grow a like you she feel a CD full of her favorite songs. I'm going to do that, but instead of filling it full of alias songs. I'm going to put this video on there. Give it to him and say hey, I made this because of you. I started by talking about pressing movements now doesn't matter somebody's using lighter heavy weight more often than not you'll see the same form. They come down. He's talking about halfway and they drive it back up. Now you think since I'm the king of parts of movements, I'd be into this, but I think they're missing the most important part of the movement to me the most important thing to focus on is driving that stretch is deepest possible those anterior delts and the initial part of the contraction. This is going to ensure that the primary focus are those delts. If you're coming down halfway stopping and driving it up, you can get those shoulders to fail, but when they do those triceps are going to jump in and help out. Good sign this is happening is that if you've ever got done with shoulder day and realized only crap my arms are blowing up. That's a good indication to just screw it up instead if you focus on the bottom of the movement. Yeah, you're going to end the set with really short range of motion, but it doesn't matter because the only thing that's working are those anterior delts and you can push them to complete failure. And just so we're clear, I'm not saying don't do full range of motion. You absolutely should, but when you start to fail, don't force out reps that look like you've been at the club and you're just doing enough ecstasy to kill a small horse and you're continually trying to lock out the elbow because it's a lot more impactful to focus on getting his deep stretches possible and only contracting his highs that anterior delts will let you. Another frequent offender today had to do a side lateral. So now a lot of things can go wrong with these too much bend in the elbow. I've even seen people flex or forms for some weird reason, but the most offensive and common thing today was that jolt forward with her head makes you want to go to him and say, We're the f***ing going. Now, I'm not a hundred percent certain on this, but I assume that if you see somebody doing this, you're in your legal right to be able to tackle them and drag them to a bench like this, as long as you yell out, citizens arrest for so feel free. And even though your traps are really engaging as your tough amount head forward, they're not actually causing it. That's more of a learned behavior. So you can easily fix that by sitting against a bench, putting that head back, keeping that form nice and tight and retraining yourself how not to screw them up. And the last thing isn't so obvious, until you take a step back and realize that most people train shoulders, the same exact way. They'd pick one exercise for anterior delts, one for lateral head and then one for posterior delts to do four sides of each. And that's their day, which absolutely works. But if you watch people close enough, you realize it takes them two sets to find the damn weight. So they really only get two working sets in. So why not instead just commit to doing less sets and more exercises. So instead do two exercises for each head of the delts and commit to doing two sets of each. That way you can't have acid. You only have two sets. So you got to go all out for those two sets. Otherwise, you're screwed. So if you got a chance to check out the program, I'll link that below. It's a dollar of video. It's 20 bucks. You can't justify that. I can't help you. And here I've got a chance to watch these two videos next. Most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after a get grown. Talk to you soon.