Oh, hey, me again. Now I know what you're thinking. Really? Another bicep video? Here's the thing. Look down. Do you still suck? Then yeah, we got some more work to do. Let's get after it. So when I was younger for about a year and a half, I did DC training. In this part of it, I absolutely hated. One of those being that you would leave the gym feeling completely wrecked, but not in a muscular fatigue kind of way. And more so that your central nervous system was just beat up and eventually you have to de-load and that's more of a pain than the ass than anything else. So I didn't love that. But there were some weird exercises that would leave your nipples rock hard. Even better than that, they actually worked. Only thing is, there wasn't enough volume to get real results for me. So all we got to do is take those weird exercises, pair it with a shitload of volume, and you can relax. No longer do you have to walk around flexing those biceps because they'll actually be bigger. And yeah, I'll put sets and reps in the description. You needy bastards. So the first movement is a seated, easy bar drag curl. And I instantly fell in love with this one because there's a couple benefits. First being, you take the initial part of a drag curl out of the equation, which lets face it. It's basically using that bar like a rolling pin and smashing your junk on the way up. So you really don't need it. And the second thing is it allows you to fully rest that bicep at the bottom of every rep. And normally I would say that's not the way to go, constant tension wins out. But with this exercise, it's different because obviously you can overload with the shitload of weight. But even more important than that, it teaches and even forces people to push to failure and beyond. And I think that's the biggest thing that holds people back is most people not only don't push themselves to failure, but have no idea what that looks like. So with this, it's built in. When you can't lift that bar any morning, you have to roll it off your legs and smash your junk like play dough. You're failed. Good job. And if you do these things, holy crap that cedar drag curl is difficult. Try with a pronated grip sucks all the day. Another thing I didn't like about that training was the name itself. Every time somebody asks you, you'd always abbreviate because the name sounds ridiculous. You'd say DC training. And then inevitably they'd say, well, what does that mean? And you think shit dog crap. And you hate to even utter that because it reminds you of that person that doesn't like to curse. They say things like gosh darn it. Those people have a special place in my heart because every time I meet them, I think, oh, that's adorable. Life hasn't shit in your cereal yet. Let me give you my number. The moment it happens. I'm not here to help you. And I'm just want you to text me the moment that the good parenting that you got and the fact that you've been a great person in your entire life. It doesn't help you when you come home and find your wife eating a Costco size bowl of dicks. And for the next one, we don't have to go that far or even break down the bar for that matter because we're doing negative drags. Now, the problem I had with these in the past is when you're training like that and chasing a number. It's only a matter of time before your form just gets unrecognizable. So with these, if we up the reps and really lock in that form and get more robotic with our movements. It becomes a phenomenal exercise. Now, if you're unfamiliar with what a negative or reverse drag curl is, simply put your just curling up the weight like normal then you're pulling the bar towards your chest and slid it along your body all the way down. Now, when I say lock that form and make it more robotic, what I mean by that is don't just try to rush to get to the negative even though that's the most important part. You still want a good clean perfect contraction. So make sure you tuck those elbows in flex the weight up and then pull it towards your body and drag it down and repeat that every single time. Also, I don't know we're at in the game of life, but I've reached that level where you know give it shit. You got to pretty much gray shirt on with gray dead sweatpants. Feels pretty good. All right, the next exercise. Guess what? It's a drag curl. Now, the reason that DC training has so many, it's probably the same reason that I'm a big advocate for them is that it's tough to mess up a drag curl. The top of the contraction pretty much only thing that happened is a fully flexed bicep. Now with regular curls, a lock can go wrong. The gym you see half the people there, they have the wrong goal. They're trying to curl that dumbbell is highs possible or just by accident. They do it correctly, but as they get tired, they get the elbow involved, they start moving that back and forth, screw themselves. Exercise is called a pinwheel curl, but call it whatever you want because that's a very stupid name. And all you're trying to do is just show a straight line from your hand, right to your armpit, curl straight up and rotate that risk of the top. And this is a breaky-ass fucker up or because you will visibly see that thing fire at the top unless you don't have a very developed one yet. In that case, it'll look like you're getting one hell of an end grown hair. And make sure you do these unilaterally because if you don't, you're going to go cross-eyed. Alright, let's finish up with a hammer curl variation because most people grab two dumbbells and throw it up and hump the air like they're trying to get revenge so instead. It's a unilateral and really turn that shoulder in and take it out of the equation completely and then from there, you're just curling up so the elbow stays in place, rotating that risk and obviously tearing up that breaky-ass and long head. And if you haven't got the full and or garage program by now, it's a bit concerning because it's only 20 bucks. Maybe it's time for a heart to heart and talk about what's an acceptable number of only fan subscriptions to have. Either way, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you need more help with your buy steps, there's a video. There's one for try steps, but most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell. We'll get after a get growing. Talk to you soon. I can't fucking reach that.