I guarantee you've seen this phenomenon before. Either the jammer, maybe another YouTuber, I don't know. But you see some guy who's ripped, but he's also the size of a 10 year old. He's got muscle, but at any moment he can get punked out his machine by some old C-niolady. So we're gonna go over how that happens and more importantly, how to fix it. Let's get after it. The Gold Flavor. Gold Flavor. The other thing is it kinda tastes like a two. And because I know I'm gonna get the inevitable, that before and after in the thumbnail, doesn't look real. That's because it's not. That's what you have to do to get the click. And I don't know what kind of social path you think I am, but I don't have a bunch of half naked pictures of myself stored up my phone to use for before and afters. I'm married. That's a single man's game. Understand why you would think that because I remember what that life's like. You swipe, you connect with somebody right away. They ask you how your day's going. You think this is a perfect opportunity to send a picture of my junk. Instead of taking the time to fluff and hit that perfect angle, you just scroll through the 75 other pictures you have of your twig and berries that you sent to other women. And you send one of those, but I don't have that kind of catalog. So it's Photoshop and the liquify tool. Here's another thing that'll blow your mind. That big fucking red arrow. We're not really either. So how does this rampant plague of manchows when come to pass? Well, simply put comes from a lack of thickness. From the front, they look pretty decent, but you turn to the side and they all but disappear. And to me, true muscular development comes from now on shoulder to shoulder, but more importantly, front to back. How do you get that? By focusing more on these four body parts. Can you tell how hard you get on a load of the rings, marathon? Number one, rear delts. It's going to really round out those shoulders, cap off those delts and give that upper body 3D look from the side. And we've gone over a ton of different posterior delts exercises. So you have the tools. And if you don't have a connection, start with a partial range of motion and then work into full. So for instance, on this rear delts fly, start with the parcels at the top or the bottom, whatever you connect with more, and then working into that full range of motion. If you really have a hard time, start with unilateral work. But for most people, that's still not going to work because they're going to try to tack on one exercise at the end of their shoulder day. And that's not going to cut it. When you're training those delts, you have to hit all those heads equally. So a third of your time should be spent hitting that rear delts unless they're really bad. And then I would make that your primary focus. The next important muscle to build overall thickness is actually a certain part of your lats. And this is some I'll argue with people about telling blue and the face because you can 100% put more emphasis and stress on a certain part of the muscle based on the exercise selection, the formulae use and how you can track up. Don't believe me. Fuck you. Watch. If you've ever done cable pullovers, then you woke up the next morning and thought, holy shit, I'm sore all the way into my armpit. And that's because that exercise really calls on you to stretch and can track right the insertion point of that lat. So how do we drive that contraction lower down towards where they originate? Because most people are just lats in a butt crack. One of my favorite ways is grabbing dumbbells and doing bent over rows by adding flexion and extension to really drive that contraction lower into those lats. Your lower backs perfectly say if you're not moving it, but you're flexing forward with that upper and mid back. And as you contract up, you extend. It's really going to drive that contraction right down where those lats originate. And if you do these and don't think, well, I guess you can dictate where the contraction happens. Your full is shit. The next important muscle to focus on to build thickness is glutes. You want big thick, 3D looking legs from the side. You got to build bigger glutes. You can't be walking around with silver dollar ass cheeks. How do you fix it? Easy. Stop avoiding the great machine you have at your gym. I'm sure you have a booty builder or a glute drive you've never used before or one of my favorites. I call the vagina terrorist it. When you use for adduction, most of them you can flip around and use for abduction as well. And if those two are too much for you, then just throw in your short shorts to give you football practice and do sumo dads. Sumos are actually one of my favorites. I want to make an entire video on those because there's things you could do to tweak your form to get even more out of them. So if you want to see that comment below. Have you noticed the theme here? Most of those guys that suffer from man childitis just avoid training body parts they can't admire in the mirror. Because it's tough to flex your glutes without your chode season up on you. So let's take a second to really appreciate the women that spend hours trying to get that perfect butt shot. You are appreciated. Which brings us to number four in the list, hamstrings. And this is one that you really can't show off. More importantly, should never show off. But it's vital nonetheless because if you turn the side and have no hamstrings, you look ridiculous. And the best advice I can give you on these is if your hamstrings really suck. As much as I love stiff legs, I would focus on exercises that allow you to build that connection. So line leg curls, seated leg curl. Once it allows you to fully flex that hamstring. And tell you get into ones that most people mess up like stiff legs. So what do we learn here today? Well, turns out there's actually a shill in a muscles on the backside of your body. And if you don't train those, you're going to look like a very muscular third grader. And if you need help training said muscles, I'll leave a link to the full and the garage program in the description. It really just depends on what you've access to. Both of them almost killed me. And if you just need some ideas for exercises, I'll leave a shoulder and a glute video here. But most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Don't you assume.