All right, today we're going to be exactly what it takes to make a transformation and I'm going to show you how by helping somebody change their life. I'm excited. This is like the biggest loser. If biggest loser had a butt baby with scared straight, it's more like when hot sauce meets your bottle, meet Adam, a third of your own who like most people was his healthiest in his early 20s. Get out of here. He peaked in high school. He's 97% body fat and his blood type is butterfinger. But before we do anything, we got to get him looking apart. Here, put this on. You look like a ****. Uh, this is a medium. Arnold wore that shirt and you'll be lucky if you wiped his tane on it. Now when you work with somebody who's fairly new to the gym, it's important that they're good and warmed up and feel ready to go. And you're also going to need this. What are we going to be doing? This is for a seven year old. I damn it. Lance Armstrong has one nut. Just pick the one you want to keep. The key is to ease into it. You don't want to scare him away. So the best way to start out is with a leg day. It really lets you know how hard this is going to be in the best exercise. Is the leg extension. It's like that carny game we have on our kid where you grab on and test your strength. And it'll let you choose to shoot out of you and ends up killing a couple of kids so they got rid of them. But that's the way I like to start out leg days. Fifty sixty reps on here. And don't be surprised when people struggle and start to doubt themselves. That's normal and completely okay. I found that a few positive words of encouragement really go a long way. Burn and bro. I swear to God, I will punch you in the neck. Another key to lasting success is finding out what motivates them. Some people are motivated when they're running toward something. So it's your job to find out what that positive reinforcement is that drives them, leverage it, and help them reach their goals. Now other people. Our more motivated. I fear. And I'm not going to lie. Adam was one of my tougher clients because it seemed like the things that motivate most people. Just wasn't working on him. What do you mean you can't do it? To fuck a fat. I knew for him I had to start thinking outside the box. Do I send them positive daily affirmations or make them one of those awareness risk fans to say you got it? Warms in the New Yass! The box is problem. It was worth a shot. Another important thing that can be overstated is nutrition. I think the best thing you can do for somebody is give them a list of healthy options to choose from. Or you raid their fridge and go through their cabinets and find the only things in life that make them have. Put it all together. Make a shit sandwich and force feed it to them. And lastly, I think it's incredibly important to incorporate some sort of cardiovascular exercise. Whether that's a brisk walk around the block or jumping jacks or it's good, I like it. But it sucks. Instead, take their ass to a step mill until the unfathom sells. It'd be alright. If you want the same kind of treatment, grab one of the programs linked below. They're only 20 bucks and get after it. How you doing? I've got it. You know, I've been feeling the wrong way. I've been in the pump with my claws. That's why I said, can you get my muscle fetching my ass? Is it me? Is it because I'm like, No, it's not you. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me.