All right, today I'm taking some BFR bands. See if I can't blow up my arms. Maybe even legs. And if you haven't tried to clues and training in the past and you're a little mentally messed up, then you're going to want to after watching this one. And even if you have, you're going to want to start doing them this way. Let's get after it. I even like the packaging on this thing. It came with a little letter that said, if we don't exceed your expectations, we'll give you a full refund. And there's a picture of him as wife and his kid that subconsciously let you know that if you ask for a refund, wife's going to take the kid and leave him. Well played. What's even better is that's probably not even him. I'm sure the owner of the company just Google searched mall glamour shots. And that's the one they picked. My kind of company. So if you're new to BFR bands, all we're doing is create a little localized apoxia increase the metabolic stress on that muscle, but where they really shine is in physical therapy. Because they're using actual coughing and it precise them on a pressure. But I've used the cops and they're more of a pain than anything else. You know, screw down with the cough more than you do working out. So for our purpose, a bunch of jerks I want to get bigger. These are work just fine. But if you are coming back from injury, then go see a physical therapist because you'll be amazed how much you can limit that muscle from adjfing by using these. And I know you guys, you're going to open that package and think, well, I got a full day of autoronic exphyxiation ahead of me, but don't go Chris Cornell yourself because that's a multi-player game. If you try to take this one as a solo campaign, you're going to hurt yourself. So the way I like to use them for arms is to keep that crazy high volume that I normally use. But instead of sitting on one exercise and trying to pop them there, I find it's better, slash worse, to do a magyan sets instead. So you got some options. If you want to hit both biceps and triceps, just two supersets back to back and make that your giant set, that'll get the job done. You'll hurt yourself nicely. But if you've ever had a problem connecting with either of them, just do what I'm doing, which is just pick one and hammer it. Your problem won't be connection anymore. It'll be that you hurt yourself so bad that you pissed your pants in the gym and now you're embarrassed. MUSIC So when you put these on, if your first thought isn't, I 100% get what the ultimate warrior or there's little girly tassels on his arm, we can't be friends. And yeah, there's a way to tuck it away, so you're not flopping around. But I'll tell you right now, doesn't work as good. So the obvious uses arms, quads, hamstrings, but I'm sure you've seen some of you are using them in a not so obvious way as well. Think about the girl with a gym, throw some other legs and train his glutes. That's because some of the muscles that aren't being included are gonna read the benefits as well. So think about that when you're having trouble to connect a bit of chest, your back, that might be the hell, may you need to make that connection. But today, let's go for the most painful. Let's blow up those casts. One of my favorite caff extra sizes, limited equipment or not, is just throwing a plate on the ground, squatting all the way down on top of it, and sitting on those hamstrings and flexing against it. It's a special kind of pain that makes you wanna throw up pretty quick. Let's see what happens when you do that with these on. Oh, I guess what it's sucked. So if you wanna try these out for yourself, only these exact ones below, that way that guy's wife doesn't leave them. And if you're not gonna make a video, either train it arms or legs, and using these to refold work out, just comment below. But at the end of the day, go see your doctor, because you can run into clot issues. Remember, I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm just an asshole. And if you're crazy enough to take on the 30 day program, I'll link to that as well, but make sure you watch these two videos next. And most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.