Check it out. I traded some poor old lady on my equipment for it. I'm straight up. All right, today we're going to have a little fun. See what happens when you try to train like the great Chuck Hazus, Christo Norris. And thanks to Ryze for sponsoring this video. If you want to see exactly how I take my pre-workout because it's a lot more versatile than people think. Stay to the end of the video. But first we're going to build this thing, which already is embarrassing because I'm assuming Chuck built all these by hand. Just taking raw materials and smashing together to build one beautiful son of a car. So far surprisingly, not bad. Smooth that the most cable machine you'll run into at the gym. I could easily see how somebody can get a good work out on this thing. It could also easily see how somebody could accidentally hang themselves. But with all good things, inherently comes some risk. You shouldn't see the lady I got this from. That 80 year old woman was hard selling the **** out of me. She made it seem like I was trying to buy her kidney or something. She had to take me inside, show me how to use it, show me some exercise and how it gets put together, talk about her experience with it, talk about everything. It's done for. She made me lunch. Come and think of it. Ways she was gripping that walker. Maybe she just wanted to get a few tugs in. So normally my content's a little more education based, but this video is no different. Except this time we're going to take the dumbest exercises on here and see what happens. I know you want to have both a man and a woman demonstrating the exercises, but I think they missed a golden opportunity. If they want to put Chuck Norris in a wig on here, they will sold double. Found it. Leg curl with a seated fly. Now we're talking. Yep, definitely a horrible exercise. There's no way. Anybody who's tried that is still stuck in their one bedroom apartment, screaming for help because they got their hair stuck. It's a dangerous. I'm done. I made this as a joke, but you could definitely get a good workout on that thing. You just have to be creative. I'm sure it's torn a few scrotums along the way, but also built a few physiques as well. Now let's get to the big issue at hand. How you're taking your pre-workout. If you're going to sit there and say, I don't need your help. I can just read the back of it. False. Real men don't read directions. And that scoop inside. It's more of a suggestion like the speed limit. Let me ask you this. Get up in the morning. You brush your teeth. Good job. Let's start. I like what you're doing there. If you're not sprinkling some of this on top, you failed. Or if you and the wife got the urge to suddenly bake cookies in the middle of the night, but realizing that you have the ingredients you needed, that's the thing in the past. Or maybe you've been to the strip club recently and came home with a streak on your shirt and harassing your pants. Yeah, fixes that too. Let me ask you this. Do you even have a pre-workout ritual? I didn't think so. We're going to fix that. Oh, it's lemon. It's a bad choice. So head over to RySupps.com slash Ryan and use promo code. You guessed it. Ryan or just click the link in the description. And I'll tell you what. If you order two within the next 15 minutes, we'll also send you that one as well. And if you haven't seen these two videos, watch those next. But most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit the notification bell otherwise, and does nothing. And get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.