Turns out I was completely wrong about cardio. And if you do want them about to tell you, not only you're gonna lose more fat and have better workouts, but you're also gonna change your face. Meaning that one day your heart's not gonna explode if you just sit down on the toilet and clench down. And I know, I know, I've said in the past cardio is a complete waste of time. Don't do it. But I'm gonna tell you what I told the Albuquerque Farad apartment when I got my dick stuck in an apartment jacuzzi jet. Let's not focus on how I got here or the decisions I made my life that led me to this point. Let's focus on what we're gonna do about it. When I first got into work and I was indoctrinated with that slow, monotonous steady state cardio. Because I was told the most important thing is to stay in that fat burning zone and not expend too much energy because you don't want to go cannabolic and lose those precious gains. But you end up walking on the treadmill and looking like an asshole because you get lapsed by every geriatric person in the gym. And at first I thought that was great because if you want to go gym to your cardio you can get through a whole hour of minerals with the sound off because who the fuck carries an FM radio in their pocket but I thought there's gotta be a better way. And then I discovered hit. I was pretty ecstatic because for once I felt like it wasn't getting out work by those old dilapidated balls. But as much as I loved it, it still had some inherent flaws. The first one being had to have carbohydrates to fuel your high intensity workouts and since I don't eat carbs, seemed kinda as backwards to eat them just to do cardio. The second thing is it's hardest to consistent because most of the time you're gonna think of a really good bullshit reason not to do it that day. And if you do force yourself to do it and do it correctly it's gonna kick your ass and affect the rest of your training. And lastly my focus was still centered around how many calories I burned that day and I think that's short sighted. Because just like at 13 I didn't understand there's not much blowing going on in a blow job so Jacuzzi Jet's only gonna be fun for about seven seconds before I turn my dick into a sock on bumper. I didn't realize there's a way to make your body more efficient at burning fat. And I know you're probably thinking you can't I'm gonna affect on your metabolism that's mostly genetic and so it's lucky bastards that can't put on muscle because they just can't eat enough. And if that's you I can collectively speak for us all and say fuck you. But the truth is you absolutely can. And the way I do it is five to 10 minutes of hell on the stairmaster. And that's a very specific time period for a reason because one it's gonna make you more consistent because if you can't at least do five minutes and you're fucked. It also gives you some parameters to work in because you know you have to at least kick your ass to five minutes. You're gonna push yourself to an intensity that barely gets you there. But once you hit that five minute mark, it's on. You're gonna crank up the intensity so high that you can't make it to ten minutes. You're gonna be faced down on the floor breathing out your ass. MUSIC And I think most importantly it changes your mindset about cardio because let's face it. We're all little fucked up. So if we can gamify it make it something we're refiting for our lives, we're gonna be more apt to do it. Again the way you're gonna do it is start out of pace that makes you uncomfortable in a little bit nervous on whether or not you can actually make it to five minutes. And once you get to five minutes, crank up the intensity every 15, 20 seconds. I don't care if you hang on for a dear life. Just keep going. It'll be honest with you. I have no idea why this works so well in terms of fat loss. It's obviously not slow, steady state cardio. It's not high intensity because we're not doing intervals here. It's just one all out horrible sprint for five. If you suck or 10, if you've half asked it, somewhere around eight, and then you throw up in your mouth. Could have something to do with the fact that if you wanted to increase your VO2 max, this is exactly how you would train. And why that doesn't help you burn more calories. It helps you work harder which in turn allows you to burn more calories. Or the simple fact of the majority of the way you shed fat is through carbon dioxide. Not a little about you, but I haven't been out of breath since high school football, four touchdowns in a single game. But whatever the case, this was an absolute game changer for me and has been because I've gotten leaner. I feel better and the good news is, I don't worry about dying every time I go take a shit now. And because of that, I wanted to share this with you. Not because I'm a nice guy, it's because you guys are looking a little chubby. Stay safe in those jacuzzi's.