I can't tell you how many times someone's told me. Every time I do chast my shoulders jump in. My traps get involved, every time I do shoulders. My foreskin is killing my chubgings. But if you do what I'm about to tell you before you train anybody part, I guarantee you'll never have a bad workout again. You know the ones where you're like, yeah, I didn't really connect like I normally do. You can absolutely control that. And as everything to do with what you do in the first five minutes of your workout. And it's unique to each body part. There's three steps to this. Step one, wake up and stabilize and I guarantee it's probably not the muscles you think. Step two, you got to recruit the fibers at their end range. And step three, holy hell, that's a lot of blood. And I recently made a video going over mobility issues. This isn't that. That's for the people that you take one look at them. And this is to reset any minor dysfunction you have and instantly develop that mind muscle connection. So you can successfully go kick your own ass. And like I said, it's different from most body parts. So let's run through each. Let's start with chest because that's one that plays a lot of people. They go to do a press and their delts end up tickling their fat little chubby faces. Your body wants to recruit the proper muscles to perform each lift because that's how the damn thing was designed. Your chest fibers are perfectly oriented to shorten in a way that's ideal for pushing something away from you. Your shoulders are not. They're only doing that because you screw things up either by neglecting certain muscles or sitting at your desk like an asshole every day or trying to suck your own dick when you get home every night. Get there. Get there. So all we need to do is wake up those stabilizers and for chest, it's your lower traps. So just grab a bench and a band like this and we're laying the bench and do banded wise. Start by retracting your scabs to ensure that it's your lower traps that are actually completed the movement, not those stupid fibers in your upper traps. Make sure you're supinating your palms as you contract up. Think about it this way. If someone was to walk by your bench to re-rack their weights or something and you wanted to brighten up their day by sticking your thumb up their ass, that's the position I want your hand to be in. You're gonna do two quick sets, 20 reps, just to start to fire it, get more connected to it. So when you need to engage it, pull those shoulders back and down, it's ready to go. Then we're flipping over onto step two, grabbing a moderate weight, doing four count reps and a four count isometric hold of the bottom. And you're not just sitting there, you're activating those fibers. You're engaged the entire time, just waiting to go. Like in high school, when you did one too many drugs to the point that your dick turned into a marshmallow, you still knew that if you timed it right and used that last remaining dick flex at the perfect moment, you could get that microwave to keep in there and smash it until something good happens. It's kinda like that. It's exactly like that. It is not like that at all. And this step is critical for two reasons. First, it's gonna retrain you on what muscles should be firing, so you can get that dealt to stop tickling your yourlobe. And second, it's gonna strengthen those fibers at the extreme end range, and further prevent you from injury because that's usually when injuries happen. Either when your muscles in a fully stretched position and you try to contract up or you're 17 and you try to shoulder press 100 pounds and drop it on your head and fucking die. Again, we're doing one quick set with a moderate amount of weight to actually challenge you while you're in that fully stretched position otherwise you're wasting your time for 10 reps. And we're on to step three, the easy part. Grab a weight that's gonna cause you to fail roughly around 30 reps and push someone's blood that chest that you don't have to think about to have a connection or not. It's pumped up and ready to party. That's it. In five minutes, your chest is ready to work and there's no chance you have a bad workout or that your wife tragically dies on you from choking on the mailman's dick. For shoulders and back, it's shockingly similar. What stabilizing muscles we need to activate, it's almost like they're the root of all your fucking problems. But we are gonna do different exercises for each of them because it's more beneficial depending on which body part you're about to train. Starting with shoulders, using that same band, your arms are gonna be relaxed in front of you, rotating around and back. And your thumb's still gonna be tracking in that I'm about to check somebody's oil direction. This movement is so good that I keep this band with me the entire workout because obviously the more you do this, the more you engage those low-trapped those rhomboids it promotes good form, but it's also a great rear-delta exercise. It encompasses two of the three functions of the rear-delta. External rotation, as you open those shoulders up and extension as you pull those shoulders back. Honestly, the next time you go to gym, I would just steal this because the gym practically owes you. You barely take anything off their overhead. When you wash your balls at home, when you sweat on a machine, you wipe it off with your shirt, you rarely ever shit in the gym, only when you're pre-workout betrays you, but even then it's not like you're dropping a spirit bomb and ruining their pipes. It's basically just like pee that comes out of your ass. Now that we fired up those muscles that are gonna engage and keep those traps down with two sets, we need to quickly warm those shoulders as well as increase internal and external rotation. And the only thing I could think the name this is the, I'm Ron Burgundy. You're gonna sit with your foot on the bench, that way you can drive your elbow into your knee. That's gonna engage your serratus anterior, which is essentially gonna lock that shoulder in place, allowing your humoral head to truly rotate. With lightweight, you're gonna exaggerate the external rotation of your shoulder through the contraction. Hold that top for a few seconds and try to push it even further. Then you're gonna work on your shoulders internal rotation during the negative, holding the bottom for a few seconds and trying to actually flex and force it even further down. And I know you wanna FB or on BH, but if your shoulder tips you've gone too far. It's a three second hold at both ends. It's a nice slow controlled movement. You're gonna do 10 reps on both sides, two sets. And then from there, step three, the easy part, pushing a ton of blood with 30 reps. Once that have been over rear side laterals, front raises all for 30 reps. And then you're fucking ready to go. FB. For back, I like to activate those lower traps, those wrong boards with straight arm pull downs. And yeah, you could do the same exact thing with pull ups, but I know my audience. Half of you could do it no problem. And the other half can't tug it more than three times before they go into AFIM. After two sets of those, we're gonna go into a nice slow controlled forecount with the isometric hold of the bottom and the top. Make sure your chest leads the way when you're fully contracted. And at the top, I want you to actually try to force that bar away to engage your serratus anterior. From there, it's easy. You shorten the range of motion to a set where you fail at 30 and then you're... I'm being ready. FB. FB. Now arms are tough to screw up. If you have a bad arm day, then there is definitely something wrong with you. In fact, that'd be a good way to see if somebody has a developmental disorder. If you can't get a good arm pump or eat a steak on without almost dying, then... You know. But if you are someone that goes to a tricep extension, you feel it all in your elbow, then you can do a quick band of distraction by laying on the ground, creating tension with that band, and then using that off-hand oppressed down with your palm and different positions to gap that elbow and give it some room to work. Legs are a little bit different, because if you're not careful, you could spend half the workout getting ready to do your workout. So I'm gonna give you two exercises that you can do no matter what you're training. Basically, anything from that serrises written as crack all the way down. First, I like to hop on the CD calf raise, because I don't care what I'm training, whether it's squat, stiff leg dead lifts. I'm gonna need ankle mobility. Once that with moderate weight for four, four, four, does wonders. Just make sure you're not sitting there resting at the bottom. You're actually actively driving that foot down and forcing the anterior tibialis to flex. From there, since we already took care of ankle mobility, we're gonna take them out of the equation completely by elevating those heels. Extending it out to a 10-count negative, 10-count hole, and a 10-count positive for 10 reps. Make sure when you drive up, you feel those muscles engage in stages. Those glutes pick you up off the bottom, and those hamstrings continue to take you further, and those quads finish the contraction off. After that, just do one set of 100, and you're good to go. Just fucking go. Just a little side. Everyone's while somebody will make a fake account, pretending they're me, and they say something like, hey, let's go chat on telegram. Just ask yourself this. Have I ever commented on anything? Then all of a sudden, one day, I just decide, you know what, I need to learn more about your dumb life. Let's go chat. Let me hear about how much your kids hate you and your wife hates your little pencil dick, and let's get to the point in the conversation where you get distracted and accidentally walk in front of a bus. Just so you know, I don't comment on anything. Although I will do an occasional heart just to piss somebody off. As always, make sure you subscribe, programs are linked below. If you want to stop sucking it live and get after it. And if you don't know, maybe you should subscribe, and then later we can get no other on telegram. Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck everybody. Fuck everybody. Fuck right here. Urs?