Frequency intensity. Who? Who? Tempo. Exercise order. Time of day. Or whether or not you snorted a line of pre-workout. Doesn't actually determine whether or not you build muscle. The only variable that has a consistent, well-documented dose-response relationship type hypertrophy is totally training volume. But even though that's what all the studies that have been done on this topic show, I don't think that's true. Because the difference between the people that you see at your gym for the last 10 years and somehow make no progress and the ones that consistently improve comes down to one thing. Training intensity. This looks ridiculous. I'm keeping it though. I don't care. And yes, drugs and genetics do play a role in that discounting any of those things. The reason I think this is so important is because very few people train with the intensity needed to elicit growth. But I think I found a way to teach it to ensure that we're all hurting ourselves at the same level. And it's awesome and awful. Very hard. But good. But also bad. I'm not saying all the research on this topic is flawed and stupid. It's just... it's hard to test. Here's a study that compared training to failure. Versus leaving two reps in reserve and it only slightly favored training to failure. It wasn't statistically significant. But when you start pulling apart the study, it starts to make sense. Why? It was a single set protocol for each of the exercises and they did that twice per week. A multi set protocol is always going to perform better, but that's not the biggest deal. All the participants were roughly around 21 years old. So I don't even know if they know how to flick the bean yet, let alone push themselves in the gym. Still, not the most important. What was though is they provided video examples of each of the trainees going through the exercises? Holy hell. Here's an example of one of the participants in the failure group. And I'm not saying that Tits McGee here doesn't have a lot of great qualities. I'm just saying that we do not train the same. That's not failure. And here's one of the participants in the two RIR group. I'm not going to say it. You know, you're thinking it. It's okay. That's two reps in reserve. Okay. So the fact that it's still favored training to failure in spite of what I showed you means that it's far more important than most people realize. So let me walk you through how I've changed my training. And now how I approach every set of every single exercise with a little game I like to call Fuck my life. As you progress towards failure in a set, you naturally just change the tempo of an exercise. Everybody does it. And I'm not talking about the slowing of the concentric part of the movement. That's actually a good thing in a better predictor to how many reps you have in reserve. Not that. It's the thing we all do when we try to force out a few more reps by pausing at the top or the bottom of the movement. Like when you're curling and you take a second breath, dry hump another rep, or when you're at the top of a squat, breathing out of your ass, crossing your nuts. Hoping you have one more rep so you don't get stuck in the machine. And I'm not saying it's the worst thing in the world. At least you're pushing yourself harder than most. But you're basically turning each set into a cluster set. And in my experience over the past few months, it's better to not do that. You grow more. So the way I set this up and the gamification of it all is that once I unwrapped the weight and start, if you pause at the bottom or the top, you suck. You have to stop, rack the weight, you suck at life, sets over. And the real last kicker is that every set is taken to complete failure, meaning that you can't do this with a freeweight squat. You need a leg press, hacksquat. I've done it with a smear that's a little bit iffy, but it works. Let me put it this way. If you end on the concentric, you're doing it wrong. The bar or sled speed should naturally slow to the point that you can't get any more. And you have to drop into the eccentric. And hopefully at that point you've already tested where the stops are on your save. And then you crawl out of the machine. That was a good set. And before you start any movement, make sure you set up the stops or find the bottom. So you don't crush yourself. And then you can feel the disappointment and crawl yourself out. The thing I noticed with my own training is I got complacent. And I would pause at the end of every single set and try to force out a few more reps because I thought that was intense. But once you start training like this, you realize that the contraction should naturally slow, even though you're trying to generate as much force as possible, can track that muscle, move that weight. It'll slow down and it will feel awful. And I'd argue you're going to grow more. I don't have the evidence to back it up yet. I only have my own anecdotal experience. Fine. Maybe we can all test it together. But don't you go dying on me now. I have a feeling a bunch of gym owners are going to tag me in stories with people stuck in machines. Oops. This brings up an important point. Recently, I've seen a lot of, I guess you call them science-based creators, but really, they're just a bunch of idiots overoptimizing the shit out of every single exercise. I don't know about you, but when I first saw these videos, I just assumed these were all make-a-wish kids. So that's why nobody was making fun of them. And they'd all just die in a few months. But I kept seeing them over and over. This brilliant one doesn't believe in the centric part of the movement. So when he's done contracting the weight up, he just lets it drop. If I saw this at my gym, I would stab him in the neck. The reason I bring this up is because their flawed view on what makes a good exercise is probably based on the fact that one, somebody must have shook the shit out of Mesobe and now they have some developmental disorder. And two, they value the ability to isolate a muscle over anything else. And probably followed by the external moment arm of the muscle during the movement. And then whether or not their mom pack their lunch, I don't know, these kids are idiots. And I used to think isolation was king as well when it came to hypertrophy, but it's not. There's definitely one thing I'd rank above. So let me walk you through my list because I think it might help you better program exercises going forward. The safety of an exercise doesn't really matter to me unless I'm injured, then it becomes very important. The resistance curve of an exercise is interesting because then you start targeting for regional hypertrophy in the distal and proxal ends, but still not that important. And next, I'd probably rank the mind muscle connection of an exercise which I know some people will be shocked on and disagree, but think about it this way. When you're doing rope extensions, you have a great mind muscle connection versus a close grip bench which is going to get you better result. So it's not that important, as long as you don't screw up the exercise. Then I'd factor in the range of motion of the exercise. In my opinion, a greater range of motion always better. Then it would probably be the internal and external moment arms of the movement followed by the ability to isolate the muscle, but most importantly, overall is the ability to overload the muscle because otherwise what the fuck are we doing? For example, I'm sure you've seen people do summer salt squats on the Smith machine and they're almost a perfect exercise. It takes the load off your spine, creates the longest possible knee moment arm and isolates the movement just to your quads. But the perfect amount of weight on here is right around the point that you get de-gloved and hopefully get circumcised for the second time. That's why given the option, I'd always opt for this belt squat variation instead because this has the same benefits of crazy knee moment arm, no loading your spine, isolated just your quads, but it's easy to overload unlike that other exercise. And most importantly, there's no dick danger. So what does that exactly look like when you're programming for different body parts? Here's an example. I used to love this lateral head variation where you lay on your side, control, squeeze up, isolating to just that side delt, but anybody who's ever done this before knows that eventually you work your way up to a whole 15 pounds and you get stuck there for the next 7 years. So while it's a great exercise in terms of isolation, it's incredibly hard to progress the weight. I mean, you can, but you end up screwing it up. It's all trapped and it's fucking mess. Instead, I'd rather opt for an exercise that allows me to incrementally increase the weight while still maintaining the lateral head as the primary target. So I'd always opt for a standing machine side lateral over an isolated exercise like that one. In my favorite variation right now is on this specific machine, but facing the opposite way. So don't freak out because most engineers that design these machines have no clue. So you kind of have to play with it to get the most out of it. It not only allows you to get a nice deep stretch and take it through a full range of motion, but also line up the segment of the delt you're trying to target because once you realize that the side delt is actually an incredibly small segment of your delt and we're trying to target the posterior fibers of the anterior head, then you'll start to grow. Which means you've got to change your form in the angle at which you pull, but you'll figure it out. So to me, choosing an exercise based on the fact that you can isolate compared to one that has similar, if not equal levels of being able to target that muscle, but also being able to overload, it's not even fair. Why would you ever do the, whatever the fuck that's called. Another example is I used to love to program those Tom Platt style of hack squats. Your toes are all the way low. You've taken hip flexion completely out of the equation, you're leaning back, but the issue is those quads are on an island. So once you fail, there's no secondary muscle to jump in and help you force out another rep. They're done. Yep. That's a tough. So if I had to put into a sentence, what I think makes the perfect, she's a crazy. Like exercise. Is an exercise that biases the target muscle, but is set up so the secondary muscles can take over just enough to help take that target muscle past the point of failure. Yeah. So the way I set up now is I only slightly walk my feet down to bias the quads. That means the adductors and glutes are going to be involved, which is what we want. Based upon how we set up the exercise in the knee moment arm, the quads are still going to be the primary tort producers, they're just going to suck at it towards the end of the exercise. That's where the secondary muscles come in and force you to push those quads past the point of failure. Hopefully that teaches you how to program better exercises going forward and with the fuck my life game, you start training even more intensely and get better result. Oh, and this is version two. So we're close. We're like weeks away. It's amazing how hard it was to find the perfect amount of squish so you had the support while you're doing the exercise, but it didn't tear up your traps and neck. I'll put a link into the description so you can sign up to get notified for that. Again, we're only a couple weeks away. Also, if you haven't signed up for the new strength and high-purchty program, link in the description. There's a garage version and a full gym version. They're all 20 bucks. Each of the programs comes with two where you can do it three days a week or you do it three on one off like I do. Yeah, I was a pain in the ass to make. But it's good.