Alright, today's an important day because we're increasing the number of bulbs you can do, but there's a caveat because when I work with people on this, my goal is never just to up the number of traditional bulbs they can do in one go because to me, that's a wasted time. I don't know about you, but I just barely graduated seventh grade a long time ago. So that fear of the PE pull-up test is completely gone. What is important though is to increase your ability to do a very specific style pull-up. It's going to put some serious size on those lines. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So I've talked about this briefly in another video, but there really been a fit to somebody who could at least do a couple of bulbs. This one I'm going to go through a step-by-step process for anybody who's stuck in zero. The person can even hang from a pull-up bar without getting lightheaded and nauseous. So the first thing to note, this handle is going to be your new best friend for the foreseeable future. And this isn't because this style pull-ups is easiest to want to do because you can take this process and I'm going to show you and learn how to do 5, 10, 15, any style pull-up. That's not important. This is critical though. Is this variation of pull-ups in my opinion? Is the best possible one to engage and grow those lines? And there's a couple of reasons for that. First being that it's easier to keep the elbow in a fixed position, which is vital to keep those biceps highly equation. The second being it follows the natural arc of your lines, which isn't straight toward you. It's wrapping those elbows around your body. The second thing is you're going to need a couple of different resistance bands. Now just order whichever ones you like. I'll put a couple of links in the description of the ones that I would order, but don't worry, they're not going to be affiliate links because it's two in the morning and I'm too tired for that. More for your impatient like me, just go to your local sporting good store by the chin see once you can do this tomorrow and then order the good ones online. One thing I wouldn't do is use the band that's been broken in the past because I'm pretty much committed to the fact that one of my testicles is going to slingshot across the room during this workout. But the reason these are so important is not only the increase your ability gets stronger, pull up your heavy ass, they also show you the correct path to take during this movement, which is falling natural arc of those lats and the rhythm you should have in this, which is important when you're first learning to do pull-ups. So you can grab the band that allows you to do 15 to 20 reps in rhythm. We get to the point where you start pausing the top and bottom, doing nice controlled pull-ups, but that's when you can do them on a assisted. And then most pull-ups you have a spot for you to throw that V up handle and make sure when you do these, throw both feet in because last thing you want to do is have one really great lat and one disappointment. And there's a couple things you want to watch out for. First thing is during the negative part of that movement, never let the arm extend all the way up. If you did, you just disengage that lat and you have to pull your bicep into play to re-engage it, defeats the purpose. And you really know you're on the right track is as you driving up, you feel that chin drift away from the bar and it feels like you're trying to touch the handle to your lats. It really, it's you feel more like a pull over and less like a pull-up. So the people I've seen that have the quickest and most increase in reps are the ones I push to the extreme. So I'm going to suggest you do the same. So every time you go to the gym, do three sets of that resistance band that's 15 to 20 reps and then one set of negatives. And the negatives and where your body is really going to adapt to holding up your feet, fix up. And the way I do them is it's slow as possible and to complete failure. So you jump yourself up and if you can hold yourself 15 seconds there, that's fine. Eventually your lats are going to give in and you have to slowly fight it down and I mean complete failures. Where you need to jump up, it's a violent descent down then you're done. This resistance band gets too easy, just go to the next one. I know if you fall through on this in 30 days, you won't need a distance and you'll be able to do 10 reps easy. But not only that, you actually be able to slow it down and control it, hold the top and unless you're that kid who's getting ready for a 7th grade P pull-up test. And in that case, there's a different channel out there for you. You know the one. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video on next and get after you get grown. Tarty assume.