So recently I noticed I wasn't getting that horrible debilitating soreness that I appreciate so much. So I started adding compound sets for every single body part and it definitely brought the pain back. So today we're doing that for tri-cept. So go over wide-chose certain exercises and the tweaks and variations I would make. So if you're ready to ruin your life, let's get after it. All right, we're hitting rope extensions first. Now I think this is a great go-to exercise. It starts off with because it's a little bit easier to grease up the elbows. But also the connection you have to those tri-cepts will be a lot in and narrowing that focus and just light those up is phenomenal. Now I can't stress this enough. But airing on the side of being too strict with the four my knees is the way to go. So I'm going to treat this like I got an arm blast or an injury in my elbows and then flexing down and back towards my body. I feel like I'm pulling towards myself. That's going to light those tri-cepts up even more. Then it's right through the dumbbell rack to do a standing French press. Now the focus on these is just hitting that long hit. So I'm going to drive those elbows in, push that stretch, and then shorten that range of motion so it's just that in this part of the contraction and then back down. So don't be afraid to use a little bit of weight on these. Now obviously don't just bounce off the back here neck. You still want to actually engage that tri-cept to move the weight. Not just bounce it up and down, but you can definitely adult on these. Alright so these next compounds that are a little bit different because they're worse. They really take whatever pride you have left and crush it because we're doing skull crushers which I like to do at a 45 degree angle, sometimes greater but I know that everybody's shoulders can handle that. So just do your best and we're taking these sets to F my life failure. And then you can reach back, put the weight on the ground, or just drop the weight like an asshole and then go right into dead skulls. So dead skulls are always a phenomenal exercise but they're also always a pain in the ass. Because that complete stop you really have to move a ton of weight or do a ton of reps. And it's hard to get to complete failure because you're basically pausing in between each rep. So nice part of what I do in the second half of that compound set is you're speeding up the process and really I just think of it as a continuation of that last set and really squeezing out whatever last bit of self confidence I have left. Alright so the last compound set simple because if you did it right you shouldn't have much left after those. So we're doing bend steps and then right into a close grip push up but we're going to hold on to dumbbells to really activate those triceps even more. Just to put note on those bend steps make sure you get that upper body involved really engage those triceps even more. So as you go down that negative lean forward as you come back up, lean back and almost feel like you're pulling yourself back instead of up. Now with a close grip push up some can take more of a neutral grip but if you feel too much stress on your shoulders even elbows just flare those dumbbells out a little bit but make sure you keep those elbows tucked in the entire time and as you drive up lean back. If you're still training at home here's a link to a dumbbell only try set video also another make sure you subscribe hit the notification bell and as always let me know what video you want next and get after get growing. Talk to you soon.