Art him up with the crack and midnight hitting shoulders. That way you guys can start your day off right by kicking your own. So last time I mentioned that if you're not getting the result you want from your typical four sets of 12 or whatever seven, the great version of will work out. You're doing it's a good idea. Look at each individual set and find a different way to crank up the intensity. So today we're doing just that. We're going to go through a few different exercises and do a different variation of each set until something bad happens. And if you're sitting there thinking, I don't need somebody to hold my hand and tell me what you want each individual set. I get it. I don't really want to hold your hand either. But think of it like the buddy system and elementary school and head to go to the bathroom. Except I don't trust you to push yourself hard enough in the gym. Your teacher didn't trust you with your penis out in the world on your own. Which is pretty damn messed up if you think about it. I wonder why men are such creeps on dating apps. It's because we were taught at a young age that are extra so unpredictable that we have to have our best friend accompanying us to the bathroom. Just in case you got a talkist down like a hostage negotiator from Washington, our ball is in the drinking fountain. So we're starting off with side laterals, but there's going to be anything but typical because before we even start the movement, we're going to make sure you have a great connection that lateral head by starting off with a 60 second static hold. So keep a slight bend in that arm coming up right below parallel and then hang on for your life. All right for the first actual side lateral set, we're starting with parcels at the bottom. Now this is definitely one you can use some heavier weight with, but I want a two second hold the top that way, you know, go too heavy and you don't bounce up and now like an asshole. And for the next one, we're hitting them with a full range of motion, but we're going to slow down that negative to a three count and we're also doing 30 reps. So choose your weight wisely and then finishing off with a descending set and then a descending drop set. But the caveat is your form is going to change throughout so that ascending set, you're going to start up with that form nice and tight, elbow slightly bent and you're going to flex it up for 20 reps. But as you go up, your form's going to start to loosen up to the point when you get to your heaviest set, it's going to look like a wide grip upright round. Same applies for the descending drop set. So it's going to be a tough choice which one sucks more. I know it's a good one. I've only filmed one exercise. My shoulders are already smoked. Alright, next up we got three variations of one of my all time favorite shoulder exercises, bus drivers. I'm going to start out with a disgustingly slow 10 count on each side. So just strap in and watch the happiness slowly leave your body. Then we're doing a variation where that top hand is going to completely hold the weight by itself. Drop that bottom hand, flex that belt, make it stabilize, hold the weight of second, and then grab it back with that bottom hand, rotate and then screw the other side. Then we're taking a dumbbell and leaning forward for 15 reps and just to make sure they're completely screwed up, we're going to lean back for 15 more. You would think if I went through all the trouble with going to buy this new shirt, I would at least ironed or throw it in the dryer, but I obviously didn't. Alright, we're finishing up with three rotation movements to tear up those rud outs. We're doing all of my incline. So if you don't have one, I would suggest going to offer up and training for sexual favors. So for the first one, you're putting those elbows up like you would for our own press, but as you rotate back, you can make sure you pull the elbow up so you can finish the contraction off in that rear delts. And for the next one, you're dropping those hands down, tucking those elbows into your side and focusing on opening up those shoulders as you rotate back. And for the last one, we got a nice little W fly where we're holding the top for two seconds. So I know even if you don't do this exact workout, but you have that same mentality and attack every single set like it's a new exercise, you're going to have a kickass workout today. And remember, stop washing your balls on the drinking fountain. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, it's basically 20 videos that are just like this with 20 workouts that you probably won't survive. So if you haven't got a chance to check out these two videos next, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it and get growing. Talk to you soon.