You can tell a lot about a person by the color of their piss. So today I want to see if the color of your pee gives us any idea why your workout suck and you're not putting on muscle. Also, did you know that some people actually pee blue? It's a real thing. So woke up this morning after a pretty horrible leg death, I filmed for the course the night before, and my piss was dark yellow. The beautiful hints of ammonia throughout, but not to the rabbed of my elisis level, but dark. And I thought, this can't be great because I'm about to go train again. I'm obviously dehydrated. I'm sure my electrolytes are off. There's got to be way to optimize or at least prevent this. And I went down this crazy rabbet hole that led to this video. But before we get into that, let's go over something colors you might have peated at some point in your life. Transparent, which actually could be a bad thing. I'll explain why later. Slight yellow hue. Very hydrated. Good job. Dark yellow. Showing signs of dehydration. Me this morning. Dark brown orange. Possibly rabbed of my elisis. When your scale to muscle breaks down rapidly, and that time my wife tricked me into doing a half iron man. Paint? You ate beats. Red? I'm sorry. You're not going to make it. Green? You ate asparagus. Also great way to ruin everybody else's day by pissing in the gym bathroom. White, cloudy. You got a dirty dick and probably a UTI. Good job, I guess. So after weeding through all the research and bullshit, here's what I found. Because your first inclination might be to just overhydrate yourself. Drink, even if you're not thirsty, and make sure always pissing clear. But we've all heard that horror story of a woman in a bar that somebody bet that she couldn't drink a gallon of water in under an hour. Good news is she won the bet. That news is she died. But she won. More of the story, more isn't always better. Because you can still end up with an electrolyte in balance because you just diluted your levels with an excess amount of water. Now obviously, that's an extreme example. But it just goes to show that you don't want to be pissing out dark yellow. Just as much as you don't want to be pissing out clear all the time because they both have negative effects. Which led me to my aha moment of, I need to start focusing on sodium more. Fuck, this is true. I don't know about you, but I live in Arizona. I sweat like an asshole and I train to hurt myself. So I definitely need to increase my sodium intake. Here's the problem. Do a Google search and had an increase your sodium. What does it say? Drink a gatorade. Google, you fucked me again. Couldn't drink in a shitload of sugar just cause you to urinate more and lead to even more of an imbalance? Oh, here's a study that says it has a positive impact. Maybe I'm wrong. Let's see how intensive it is. 13 active men. What the fuck is active? You play tennis? Not very helpful. Then if I want 255 ultra marathon runners over a seven day period in 155 miles, sports drinks, diluted their sodium levels. So what the fuck? My conclusion, we're going to stop relying on bullshit sources like gatorade and give sodium the respect to deserves. The same attention you give your macro nutrients, your protein carbohydrates. We're going to do that for sodium. So I'm going to slowly increase mine and see how to fix performance. For me, that's going to be everything from ionized salt, and sea salt to adding salt tabs to my water. So what did we learn? Well, even though our colorful P is neat, it's really just a window that sheds light in the fact that we need to replenish our electrolytes if we want to get the most out of our workouts. If you ever got a chance to check out the full gym program or the garage one, I'll leave the link below 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, then we can all start peeing brown together. And you'd help with your diet. Watch this one. Also, now that my favorites, most points subscribe. Hit that notification bell. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.