Alright, today we're gonna figure out if that protein you're drinking is actually crap because it might not be your fault that you're bulging out that medium husky shirt, so let's get after it. Now this might become a knowledge for most people that watch this channel. You could quickly spin around a jug of protein and tell whether or not it's a good formula, or they're using graphics and colors to hide the fact that they're selling you five pounds of powder dog food, but that's not everybody because when I counted three and guess that half you buy your protein from Costco, a lot of people come and and said why is that a bad thing, so we have to go deeper. Also I realize that if you've been watching this channel for a while you know that I used to work with one of these supplement companies and I stopped and I never told you why. Probably should tell you why. Now the product was great, the company was good, it was none of that. I can only categorize it as cognitive dissonance, which is inconsistent beliefs. My least favorite thing is the scroll through Instagram and see some guy sitting there with whatever product he represents and some sort of caption underneath it says, it's the only product I take because you know that's bullshit. That's not how we take supplements. If it's a pre-workout we find one that makes it feel like the hair on our ears is growing ten times faster than it should and tell that starts to wear off and then we switch to a different brand with a different formula. And then we feel that in our plums for a while until that goes away and then we switch back. Protein powders are a little bit different. You find a flavor you like that you think you can drink forever until one day you wake up, take a sip and throw up in your mouth because your body's like that's enough. So you go in the hunt for a couple different flavors and you try everything except vanilla because fuck vanilla. And that's where the cognitive dissonance came from because I'm not loyal to a brand. I'm loyal to that tingley feeling and if you stop giving it to me, you can fuck off. And if your protein powder stirs tastes like shit because I'm used to it, I'm going to use a different one and you should too. So let's go over exactly what you should look for in your protein powder. All right, let's start with the basics. Now one gram of protein is roughly four calories and most companies try to make their scoop out to be about 25 grams of protein. So that means the cleanest possible scoop of protein should be right around 100 calories. But before you run out to yourself and make shop and try to find a protein powder that's only 100 calories per scoop. Don't do that. That's a rookie mistake. You're going to end up with an unflavered protein and unflavered protein is not lacking in flavor and has one. Ascle. You're going to give these companies a little bit of wiggle room to fit in their sweetener profile. Otherwise every time you move, you have to have that conversation with your wife about why you're not throwing away that unflavered protein that tastes like shit and you're never going to drink it, but fuck you. I'm not throwing it away. Now to the most important part, the actual ingredients, what that protein is made of and just like any nutrition label that first ingredient is critical because that's predominately what it's made of. So protein you're going to see one of three things. Why you concentrate, why isolate and why hydrosilate vegan proteins are going to either be a blend in isolate or fermented. And when it comes down to is quality and filtration, you have your Costco tier which is concentrate and you have your isolates and hydrosilates which people argue which ones more effective they're both fine. These ones not so much. Now they usually justify by putting in a blend and saying it's going to release slower, but why when I just get a better quality protein and slow down the absorption with fat. Now that doesn't mean these are perfect. You still have to flip them around and make sure they didn't add a bunch of extra calories for taste, but at least you're starting with more of a pure filtered protein. And instead of just adding more crap to what is already crap. Same thing applies to vegan protein. Find an isolate and if it tears up your stomach, fine one that's fermented. And just like always if you haven't checked out one of the 30 day programs, I'll leave a link below again 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple and if you have watched these yet, I watch those but most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after to get growing. Talk to you soon. I got nothing else to do today. I'm going to go hide these around town like Easter eggs.