So I was watching this video a day and about 10 minutes in, I was like, get to the f***ing point. So in the spirit of that, we're hitting lats. It's not about your grip. It's not even about the range of motion. It's about keeping a fix elbow and following the natural contraction of those lats, how they arc around your body. But here's the thing. There's a ton of exercise. You're probably doing that if you take this principle and apply it to, your results are going through the groove. So if you're ready, let's get out. Alright, we're starting with wide grip pull mounts. Now if you want overall back development, then pull and straighten down elbows to the side. We'll get the job done. But we're focusing on last day. We want to overload and make them the primary mover. So to do that, we got to pull those elbows in. And the next question is, why not just use a T-bar handle. More closely, follows the natural arc, your lats. Put them in a stronger position. You could overload them even more. And I absolutely do. But I also want to show you that these suck too. So if you ever use the old school lat pull over machine, then you know the really good ones actually put your hands a little bit wider than your comfortable doing. And that's just to put your lats in the disadvantage, make them work harder. And not only that, you'll notice that the bottom of the motion, you're actually pulling in a little bit with those lats. And that's all we're doing with a wide grip pull down here is we're making that exact motion because most gyms are too cheap to buy the good shit. Alright, so we're doing a variation of cable rows. Just to illustrate the point when you start thinking outside the box and you're not afraid to look goofy during exercise, you're never going to have a problem engaging those lats again. So the way you're going to do this is by moving your body with the movement, following that natural arc of your lats, but also increasing the range of motion, specifically during the negative portion of the movement, you actually lean forward and stretch that lat even more. Again, keeping that same fixed angle with your elbow. And as you come back, arch your back up and finish that contraction off by flexing this hard as possible. One really important thing I forgot to mention is during the negative part of the movement, really drive those elbows in. That's going to flare those lats even more and create a better overall contraction as you come back. Next we're going over my take on pull ups and ways you can enhance the contraction, but before we do, I got a lot of flack last time I made a pull up video. And I'll give it to you. There were some funny comments. Let's count as pull ups. Zero. Zero. Point five. To those negative commenters, he did what I meant to say was, if you're here to learn the textbook version of a pull up, not the video for you. Your dream of being at the gym and having men and women crowd around you as you're knocking out perfect pull up after perfect pull up. They're throwing under where at you. They laminate your face on the wall. They give you a can metal at the end of it. Is it worthy idea to pursue? But for me, I gave up on that dream years ago. All I want now is big ass lats. So when it comes to targeting lats with pull ups, I'll actually take the bottom of the movement out of it completely because to get in a fully stretched position, you actually have to disengage those lats and then re-engage them to start the contraction again. And if you're following the natural arc of those lats, they can only contract so high and then from there to get any further up, they actually have to use his biceps. And for me, there's no reason to get those involved. And to make sure I'm getting an incredible stretching contraction of those lats, I'm going to take that same movement I did on CD cable rows and bring them over here. So during the negative portion of movement, I stretch into those lats as I come up, lean back and contract. And don't be surprised when you're doing these if it looks like you're driving more back than up because to get the most engagement of those lats, that's the path you have to take. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell, got another question for you. So I've been window shopping like crazy as I'm looking for this space for the gym. And the course is going to be built upon with the spaces like. So do you want a garage style gym or do you want more of a traditional style gym? Because personally, I would like to have a Smith squat, maybe a Hacks squat in there, but that's just me. It's based upon what you want. So leave in the comment and again, get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.