All right, so today we're going to the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to quad training. Now, there could be a plethora of potential reasons why those things aren't growing. You could be moving the weight, not flexing through contraction. Maybe you're taking a minification at the top of each rep and not getting enough time on our tension, not turning down the muscle enough, among other things. And all reality, all those things can be minimized if not negated completely by doing one simple thing. And that's stop half has been laid day. I feel like a mom get ready to have the instant of man up speech with her son. All right, Timmy, so you're dead right away with the stripper name, cinnamon. So that makes you the man of the house now. No, I know the world's on fire and unemployment is to the roof, but I'm going to need your heart close to the sugar of those people that lemonade stand because we got bills to pay. But it really is a great equalizer because I have seen people with horrible ankle and flexibility, awful form, subparginetics, and phenomenal legs. A good question to ask yourself to see if your intense is on point is, did my body physically fail me? Did you push those legs to the limit? Do so much trauma on them that you went down for another rep and your body just went nope and either got stuck or you had to perform that rep in such awful form just to get to the top or did you mentally quit? And that when we know what that looks like, hacks go out of, it's a good example for this. See a lot of people go down, come back up, tough rep, they get ready for another rep, breathe twice and then lock it in because they know it's going to be an awful rep or they're just going to fail and they're not willing to go that far. Are you a trained this guy who personified insane training intensity? I mean, he was by far the craziest person I've ever trained, which is saying a lot because over the years I've had some crazy people. One time I had this girl, first time we trained triceps, had an orgasm in a gym, no fucking joe. I definitely pride myself without heart I can push in the gym but the other Ryan I'm talking about was just a different level of off. I mean, as a set got progressively harder, he'd start to laugh and not just like a, uh, more like an evil cackle. So I don't expect you to get to that level of training intensity where you lose all empathy because I think psychopaths are born, not made, but you do have to let go of any fear you have whether it's a fear of getting hurt or even getting stuck in a leg press, you have to get out, rack all the weights and look like an idiot. It's worth it. Or more than likely you just never push yourself beyond what you thought was possible because that's the way I figured it out. One time I was younger, having a bad day, thinking, okay, I'm going to do some iron therapy here, went in there and just destroyed myself. One particular set just pushed past the point of that internal voice telling you, stop this is not safe, this isn't good, you're not going to feel great after this. And then once I got past that point, I realized that your brain is one self sabotaging kind of a bitch. Now before we go into what I would do if engaging those quads or an issue, let me take a second and think Roman for sponsoring this video because I don't about you. Sometimes I wake up, look in the mirror and go, what the ff? I go in the other room and look at my girlfriend, try to figure out why she stays when I look like this in the morning, either she's at just a heavy drink and I don't know about it, or she's got horrible decision making skills. Whether you've got acne, redness, dark spots, wrinkles, or maybe you're just like me and you smash your face and your CPAP machine every night. And if you don't have good skin care, you walk around looking like root off the rest of the day, good news is you're in luck. They got skin care that actually performs. And Roman makes it convenient to get your customized prescription skin care. Just grab your phone, your computer, complete a free online consultation and you hear back from a US licensed physician 24 hours. So you might be thinking why not just go the store, two problems. One is not prescription grade and two, you walk into a section that you know nothing about. So you're going to be looking over shoulders and trying to cheat off their purchases. And everwhere you're going to have to have that conversation, sorry, I'm not creeping on you. I have something my face, there's something wrong with my face. Why not just avoid that potential scenario completely and get a consultation with the actual doctor. If appropriate, then prescribe your custom blended treatment based on your skin type and your priorities. You receive your skin care treatment with three, two days shipping and there's unlimited follow-up through their doctor. So if you need to change anything or have any questions, it's that easy. And then again, with Roman, there's no commitment. You can cancel anytime. Go to getRoman.com slash Ryan and try to three months apply of nightly defense for just five bucks. Ready to chat with a doctor and your first order is five freaking dollars. That's getRoman.com slash Ryan. I'm going to leave you the variations. You can do on a couple of different exercises. You can do leg press, hacksquat. I'm going to do it on Smith. But really what it does is connect you with those quads and retrain you had to drive through your heels during the concentric part of the movement. It's a simple concept, but it's highly effective. And all you're going to do is as you drive that weight up, you're going to lean back in your heels, lift those toes off the floor. Three quarters the way up and then back down. Now as you're going back down, you're going to fight the urge to put that foot flat on the floor. You still want those toes off the ground just to hair. So you're just shifting that weight back forward and then keeping that tension on those quads. But as you drive back up, then you're really just leaning back, kicking those toes up, even higher, flexing those quads even more. You'll notice, even if you only do a couple sets of these every exercise you do after this, you're going to be more aware driving through that heel and getting more engagement of that quad. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.