So since I'm late to the game making YouTube videos, sometimes I search in term, watch a few videos, and see if I can add to the conversation. After kicking my phone across the room a couple times yesterday I thought, better make this video. Let's get out to it. So the frustration came as I'm watching some of these videos. I realized about halfway through. I didn't think they knew what they believed. I'm not calling out anybody specifically because they all said the same thing. Just using his appointed reference because I try to put myself on the shoes of somebody who just started or me going back to when I first got to the gym was green. I just want a little bit of direction. Once you get me some direction, I got this. And all the videos ended with, it depends. Good luck. Thanks. D-C-D-C. When it comes to building muscle, there is no it depends. Lighter weight will always yield you better results. And I hate even use a term lighter weight because I think a lot of people will miss interpret that or even use it as an excuse to half-ass our workouts. If you're doing high reps that's correctly, those 15, 20, 30 reps should be excruciating. You should look back in the days when you did eight to 10 reps and be like, that was easy. And my thoughts on this got even more cemented during quarantine because for three or four weeks, I only had access to light dumbbells and bands. And I've had a few people comment and say, did you get bigger during quarantine? I think I did. And what I really think it is that the muscles that we're responding to heavier weight and lower reps just weren't. And it was actually me taking a mental break and going easy on myself because how much easier is it to get yourself amped up to do a heavy set of eight reps a squat compared to doing 20 or 30 reps? One of the main reasons I think everybody should train with lighter weight whether you're beginner or advanced. It's not only can you target the muscle you want to hit and where in that muscle you want to peak if you can traction out. But even more importantly, you can take out any supporting muscles you don't want it evolved. I love when I'm training somebody and watching just something like aerobic extensions. And you see them flex their traps and you ask them, you know, your traps ever get sore every time. But that was most supposed to happen. It's just necessary evil. No, in the pursuit of growth, you should always try to isolate and narrow down the focus to whatever muscle you're trying to hit. Even a compound lift like squat, you need to be very purposeful of how you set your feet. Angle of your toes, the tempo, the rhythm you take, depending on what part of the leg you're trying to hit. I know this isn't easy. I assume call it everybody did during quarantine. Reconnected with people I went to high school with. One guy actually trained years ago. And it's obvious that when we trained legs, he never recovered. His life went straight downhill from there. So risky had a take. So as always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video at next. Get after to get growing. Dr. Euse.