

=== FILE: #1 Reason Why You're NOT Building Muscle [GYnev1tEPpU].txt ===

Are you frustrated, discouraged, disheartened? Because you're not building muscle. This is the number one reason why that most people don't. Need a hint. It all comes back to your training intensity. Now before you say that's not the most important thing. It's my diet or the fact that G&C stopped carrying my super draw. Those are obvious basic ones that are right in your face that are easy to fix. The normal ones are off. You just go see a doctor. If you're diet screwed up, even if it's bad and you crap all the time as long as you get enough protein, you're going to build muscle. You're just be one of those very muscular, very chubby assholes. What I'd argue training intensity is even more of a prevalent problem because if you ask people that they train hard enough, they're going to say, of course I do. But if you look around the gym, you notice that very few people are even sweating. Let alone breathing hard. I think it's just because people don't know what that actually means. They think because it's difficult. That means they've done a good job. We have to go over exactly what that looks like to do that. We're going to head to the studio. But first, everybody always asked me what I ate in a day. This will give you a little insight of how boring that day actually is. This could be a commercial for antidepressants because that is fucking sad. So when I was a kid, my mom would always buy me the best Christmas presents. And then about a week later, she'd ponder on them off at some pawn shop. Now it's hated her for it until I go over and realize it's because I can't have nice things. This car already cracked the windshield and his tires about to go flat windshield, not a big deal. Tire, it's the reason I got this car because obviously they're fun to drive. But to me, the worst people in the world are at gas stations. You don't believe me? See you around a game show dropped anywhere in the world and they said, we'll give you a million dollars if you can buy some crack, where would you go? It's really a circle K unless you got desperate, 7-11. First let's make something clear. Nobody in Nathalie has the skill to just push themselves to that level of intensity. Unless you're a complete sociopath, I thought I was, but it took somebody shown me the actual intensity needed to push to work out. This is the level. This is different because you're going to be people watching this thing and you understand. I play high school football, I scored 4-10 stands a single game. I know how to push myself. That's different. There's a team, there's camaraderie of a coach, common goal. You could hurt yourself, but it's kind of the unknown with this, training to this level. It's a guarantee and it's basically just you versus you. So at any time, you could back out of it and say, you know what, I'm a little sorted day maybe I shouldn't push it or I should probably take the day off because rest equals growth, right? I remember Kai Green having a quote on this, it's something along the lines of that people going on push themselves to this level have to be a little demented. Now, we stuck with maybe because when most people talk about working out exercise, they always say you should do it because it gives you energy. I don't know what the fuck they're talking about. This training like this could absolutely ruin you and mess up your entire day and screw up your plans to go to bedbath and beyond. But that's okay because that's a known evil. That's kind of the price we paid to build that muscle. But also, I mean, for most of us, this is therapy because we are a little fucked up. So what does that even look like? Well, I made you this little diagram. It's not a diagram. What are the fuck this is? Say you got four sets of 20. First set, you get all the way there, all 20 reps. Second set, you get 18, you force that two more. They're not pretty. You find a way to get there. Third set, you get 15 plus three ugly ass reps, last set, you get 13, 2, 2, 1, quarter rep that has got off of you. I hope nobody saw because it was fucking embarrassing. How many steps did you do? Three. That first set does not count. I only count working sets. If I go and I push myself to failure. The other ones, that's a warm-up set. Doesn't count. I'd add another set or if it was me, I wouldn't stop at 20. I just keep going until my body fell. So what about a superset compound set or giant set? You should fail in all of them. What about abs? You push that to failure? Abs of fucking loot. But I'm sure somebody's gonna ask, wait a minute. You're telling me that all your working sets are to complete failure and then you just squeeze out whatever reps you have left. Yes. And you must be sore all the time. Also, yes. Very badly. So next question is, how do you get yourself to do that every single time because you will get complacent? You can get up tricks up your sleeve. Hey, Siri. Search for Evil Bitch, first love, broken heart, middle part. Works every time. That one was so awful that she broke me the day before Halloween and you know how women like to wear some scandalous stuff on Halloween night. Haven't a seared of party. Apparently, she bought the slutty as devil costume that she could find. She threw away the entire thing and just wore the tail. Still gets me. Feel like doing a century set right now. My last obvious question is, why? Why push yourself this hard, why go through it? Why? Obviously, answer is, it's the fastest way to build muscle. Push yourself to failure in every single working set. We'll get you to growth you want. But even deeper than that, when I see somebody who's built up, man, woman doesn't matter, I immediately know something about them. Now, I might talk to them and realize our dumb as a box of rocks. But at least I know that they're willing to push themselves harder than pretty much anybody else. And that separates them. And instantly, they have my respect. And if you want to know exactly what that's like, I'll leave a link to the programs in the description, the garage, in the 30 day full gym program. And I'm sure people in the comments that have taken it, will tell you it will change the way you look at working out. You realize, holy shit, I had no idea what I was actually capable of when I completely decided, you know what? I'm going to try to hurt myself and see what happens. Usually what happens in a growing a shitload. Again, in 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, each of them, pretty damn simple. And if you haven't checked out these two videos, I watch those next. But most importantly, subscribe, hit the notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 10 Min Workout - Bodyweight Only [smeyHJvv04I].txt ===

So it's plugging away doing research, seeing what video I want to do next. I realize a ton of people are searching for 10-minute workouts, 10-minute full body workouts, 10-minute bodyweight workouts. I had the same look on my face. Really, 10 minutes? That's probably not. Okay, let's try it. But I'm gonna get myself a fighting chance to do a full upper body workout. I'm gonna use a style watch, and actually see how much you can really get in. And I'm kind of at a disadvantage here because we're still in quarantine, right? Nobody's supposed to mean this gym. There's no AC in here. It is fucking hotter than balls. So here's my thought. To be able to get everything in, I'm gonna have to more some exercise together, compound sets, supersets, and even with that, I'm still not gonna hit everybody part the way I want. But I still think that's the best bet because our goal is growth. If I wanted to jazz her size, I'd pop it at Billy Banks' tape and get after it. That's not what this is. The way initial thought is, I have to hit last first, because that's the hardest body part to hit when you have no equipment. So I'm gonna do that pull over various, and we pop your shoes off, you slide on the floor back and forth, and really just mimic a pull over. And then from there, I'm gonna actually pull myself up high enough where I go into tricep push up. So I get tricep some balls, I get my lads involved, and get that taken care of first. Then I'm going into a wide grip push up. And my goal with these isn't just to hit chest. I wanna get the anterior delton involved, but even more so than that, I'm gonna turn that hand out to the side, and actually gonna shift my weight from side to side, pulling with that bicep, because other than lads, the biceps are the second hardest thing to hit with body weight only workouts. The plan is to hit at least two sets of everything, preferably three, but I'll know after the first couple rounds, whether I have enough time to throw three in, otherwise I might have to cut it short, do two sets of everything, just to be able to hit everybody part I want to. We almost have worked to save you. We broke our �athlete to the wall. We tried our way into the night, but I cut it right for a while. Chiled ... N הא� There's no fucking wire, So what's horrible is that was that definitely didn't feel like enough damage to cause response to those muscles But they're still gonna get hit again Just part of me thinks that some of those YouTubers that have said that they get this crazy 10-minute full body workout Maybe they're not 100% honest with their clickbait titles next up. We're gonna go into a variation for that mid back lower Lats where you lying flat on the ground using those elbows to lift you up I must feel like you're just flexing in as much as you possibly can and therefore We're gonna try to get those traps for your delts involved so we're new a nice high row Using those elbows to lift you off the ground again and then we'll go right into vups A couple of things to note so the reason I exaggerate the stretch on the first exercise is it makes me feel like as I come down I can start to engage those lats that starts to contraction a little bit better than just sitting there Otherwise it just tends my neck up too much if I can start to contract some of my lats And I can keep it in my back the entire time and then with vups I just did 10 reps each time because I'm not gonna waste two minutes doing those when I'm gonna do abs again at the very end This could be a huge mistake. I could blow up my back But I want to finish off my back so I can focus on other things get that done with so I'm gonna do superman's or I take my lace completely out of it Just that upper body moving and I'm gonna start to contraction off in my traps and try to run it all the way down my spinal rectus and just tear that back up And then from there going to a chest specific specific specific specific going to a chest specific pushup Where I'm going all the way down half way up and really just keeping that chest engaged dropping those elbows and just lighting up as much as I can Feeling on those for sure I definitely want to give those delts a little more love so I'm gonna do a side plank really hitting that lateral head And then my back's pretty well spent so I'm surprised how much I got done there and how good it feels and usually I don't engage my My workouts by this, but if it's by how much I sweat and how deep my voice is getting it's been a good workout So I probably have time for two more exercises so I'm gonna do one more for triceps and anterior delts while I go halfway down Shift my weight forward and back to really get that delton involved and then I'll just burn out my abs anyway I can Without making a mess up I was out of your workout so in the last ab exercises I went with just a little bit of a bleak so nice slow controlled Bicycles just really flex inside aside just get a little bleak involved there took the hip flexor side of it completely by opening those knees up Crunched up forward and then brought a mac game with a slight raise of those legs just to finish them off back and forth between those two sets of those Then I was over the limit so if this is interesting to you let me know I'll try to do the full body 10 minute workout Probably end up being a little bit of blood, but it's for good cause as always like subscribe with the notification bell again I'm gonna leave that link so if you want to put your email in there find out when the course comes out You'll be the first to know I promise I won't spam you. I might just send a couple Funny memes or gifts just make sure it works, but other than that you just get the important shit Yes, for as always get after you get growing I'll talk to you soon

=== FILE: 10lbs in 7 Days... [l6Zz6NUdj6k].txt ===

10 pounds in seven days. It's not clickbait. This overly husky man lost 10 pounds in seven days from this peptide. We're 245. Couple days. Yeah. Let's go. Yeah. Okay. It's called semi-glue time. And today we're going over everything you need to know about it and exactly how I take it because it's a little bit different. And this is huge. It could save your big fat life. Here's the deal at this point. I'd given up on Adam. I convinced him I was signing him up for fat camp. And for some reason, he didn't realize there is no fat camp for 31-year-old men. And this is the place. Oh, I forgot to back. And in reality, I was just leaving him in the desert to die. But later that week, I was listening to a podcast and heard somebody I really respect, say, This is the first thing I've seen in your life. Oh, shit. So I dug in deeper, started doing some research, then started taking it myself. And after about a week, I realized this could save Adam's big fat mess of life. Sorry, but it looks like the cancel that this year. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Is it a dirty sandcha? 100%. Who gave you a dirty sandcha? I don't know, dude. Got weird out here. Dude's myself. Now, I'm sure your first response is going to be similar to that of Adam's girlfriend. I don't know. I mean, I just feel like he can do it on his own. Here's the problem. This is Adam in high school. And here's Adam today. At no point in the past 13 years has he done anything but slowly eroded. He wrote his starting body fat percentage was 36%. That's the same amount of fat in heavy cream. So after agreeing with his girlfriend, then he was wrong. That was a dumb idea. He's definitely not going to take it. We found a clinic right by his house and he took his first shot of semi-glutite. So the question is, what is it? Structurally, it's 95% identical to GLP1, which is a 30 amino acid peptide that's naturally secreted by your intestines. And it's responsible for making you feel satiated as well as stimulating insulin secretion. It's your body's way of telling you the stop eating, a big fat. I need to do something visually to show what a game changer this is. So the 1961 diabetes with a BMI of 30 or greater will be represented by these gummy bears. This pile is the placebo group. The 655-sorry bastard to spend 68 weeks mostly just eating their own tears. In this pile, 1300 six participants given semi-glutite progressively worked up to a dose of 2.4 milligrams per week, which in my little experience is insane. If I took that, I would need for a month. The trial was ran for 68 weeks. Everyone involved was given a very strict diet and training protocol. And the percentage of people in the placebo group to lose at least 5% of their body mass was 33.1%. The percentage of people that lost at least 10% of their body mass was 11%. And those that lost at least 15% of their body mass, 5%. And those that lost a whopping 20% of their body mass, 2%. Now in the semi-glutite group, the percentage of people that lost at least 5% of their body mass was 92%. The percentage of people that lost at least 10% of their body mass was 74.8%. Those that lost at least 15% of their body mass was 54.8%. And those that lost at least 20% of their body mass, which just so we're clear, is a fuck ton. If the person was 400 pounds, that means they lost 80 pounds over the course of a year and three and a half months. Fucking insane. The percentage of people in this group that lost that, 34.8%. So why am I telling you this? Why am I going through the process of testing this on myself? I'm not ignorant to the fact that my childhood perfectly prepared me for this. Growing up around a bunch of alcoholics makes you know that the only way to not end up like that is to live a structured life. Some people just didn't have that luxury. They grew up with good parents and had a happy childhood. And that shit fucked you up. It doesn't prepare you for the fact that life's not fair. And we'll only give you as much as you're willing to sacrifice. So I don't expect people halfway through their lives to suddenly learn self-control. And we all have those people in our lives. I guarantee there's somebody close to you that's just slowly eating themselves to death. And let's be honest, for all those greedy bastards like myself, this could potentially unlock what you thought was previously possible based upon your genetics. I mean shit, I'd lost 10 pounds in two weeks. I've even heard Joe recently talk about semiglutas. Saying it's what turned Chloe Kardashian from a... Man, to a... All right. Now I had Adam do a dexascan about a week apart and there is bad news. He lost muscle mass, but I'll take the blame for that because I just assume that he knew he should be eating protein or even what protein is. And it turns out he just ate a shitload of chewy bars. But we'll know for sure if that's something we need to look out for in three weeks when I get another scan. Their good news is he lost just under three pounds of pure fat and of that almost a full pound of visceral fat. Even the guy taking the test had no idea how the fuck that happened. So why am I so excited about this? Why make an entire video? Because this is potentially for anyone. That's why I'm testing it, Adam's on it, and even my wife is taking it because the efficacy mix with the low risk profile means that it stretches across the board. It could be used in a competitive bodybuilding sense or your uncle who's won cheeseburger away from a heart attack. Now the way I take this is a little bit different because remember, this was originally designed for fat and lazy people. So they gave him one milligrams once a week. If you do that, you're gonna fill the side effect of being nauseous. So what I do is I split it up into a daily dose. I take 0.15 milligrams or 150 micrograms daily. Then ends up adding up to a little over a gram a week. How do you get it? Well, it's pretty damn easy to get. I recommend everybody just go to a TRT clinic. Most of them will have it nowadays. It's simple, but I'm not ignorant to the fact that you can order this stuff online because it's still kind of the wild wild west when it comes to peptides. And no, I'm not gonna recommend my favorite website that happens to be in the thumbnail of this video. At the end of the day, I don't know how long I'm gonna stay on this for, but I wanted to test it and share it with you because it could potentially save your big fat fucking life. Got to wear out here. Do the myself. All right.

=== FILE: 2 Workout Mistakes That KILL Muscle Growth! [MtTUc4H6Xqs].txt ===

So as at the gym today and I noticed what I would consider quite a few mistakes and I'm sure you've seen them too and naturally you're just maternal instinct kicks in and I want to go over these people and help them and just politely say hey hey stop no put it down put it down you go home and think about what you did let me start up by saying that we've all made these mistakes at some point in our lifting career and even if you've moved past them and now you're an advanced lifter don't be surprised if you still end up in one of these categories because bad habits have a way of creeping back in just do me a favor raise your hand self-identify that way we can get you into an after school program and get this taken care of nothing to be ashamed of so that learning centers literally save my life for wasn't for them my days would consist of shoplifting and whippets so the first mistake happens when people design their program are just choose to do exercises and don't factor in their own limitations for instance one of my old clients the first time he came in I said all right just run me through some of your favorite exercises let's just get engaged here form and write to an easy bar started doing close grip curls and they were awful specifically he was so bound up that it put more of a strain on him just to hold the bar in that position then it did do the exercise because to get in that position it'd flare those lats turn those shoulders in and he had such poor risk flexibility that it was just a two inch movement and it went from being a great exercise to really hit that long head too if you saw him behind at the gym you'd think that dude's talking it and that's the trap that most people fall into they choose a phenomenal exercise but there were series of unfortunate events whether it's bad genetics stress in their life or just bad form of a time that eventually catches up they end up dismissing the benefits of that exercise because they're fighting themselves the entire time so instead of be able to sit there and focus on the contraction get that muscle to fire they're trying not to screw it up and they make matters even worse their way of fixing it is just do the same exercise over and over and hope it gets better never does dead lives are good way to illustrate this because if you have great form but you have a small weakness somewhere in that posterior chain and then throughout that set it starts to deteriorate then yeah just doing dead lives repeatedly is going to fix that but that's not usually how bad form presents itself typically it's a bit more obvious because it's not just one issue it's a little bit more blatant in your face because there's 75 different things going wrong with their form and you can easily spot it at the gym because you'll see that glowing hue of the dumpster fire in the distance and as you get closer looks more like a car crash when you're dealing with a litany of issues it's better to break down your form and figure out exactly where your body's failing you then you're going to choose specific exercises that target those areas so you have a weak disappointment of an upper back and the moment you lift off it just crumbles then finding that perfect pin height for some racked-deads is a better option or maybe one of those common cases that the close you get to the ground the more you fall apart and then you have to figure out okay what's my issue is ankle mobility of hip influx ability to have a weak lower back because all of those things require a very different plan of attack so I'm not saying you shouldn't work on movements your bad at or you shouldn't attack your weaknesses but if your limitations are turning a great exercise into a bad one then you need a systematic approach to fix it because in my experience there are no bad exercises only shitty people which brings me the second mistake I wanted to cover today which is going to heavy and this has nothing to do with my own personal bias of valuing connection and volume versus just adding more weight because for some people that absolutely works this is for the people who haven't earned the right yet I need to come for your setup like three in the morning I'm the f***er a lot of people use the weight they can lift in a specific exercise as their way of keeping score it's their measurement of progress and this is where the problem is instead of only increasing the weight after they mastered the previous amount they ended up reaching too high because they're chasing a number and this is easy to spot the person that shouldn't go up and wait when they start to fail their form goes with it and it follows apart the person that should their form stays intact the entire time it's just the muscles involved in that lift can't get the job done pretty tired and think it just swallowed my tongue more of the story your body will humble you if you let it so if you like this video you're going to want to watch these two next and if you got the program happy to have you chest day comes out tomorrow and as always get after get growing doctor soon

=== FILE: 2.21x MORE Muscle [U_8-CRiR_ak].txt ===

Ever since I was a little girl I've been searching for the most efficient way to build muscle because we all know It's a slow and Defeating process. I mean you could do what I've always done which is just wear smaller and smaller shirts But that too has his drawbacks People start your- here's what we know so far Hi, Perchofy is a direct result of either mechanical tension metabolic stress or muscle damage Another thing we know is that as long as you're taking sets to near failure You're gonna get the same muscle fiber recruitment whether using light or heavy weight That was a dumb idea that took forever to do Also the method you used to stimulate the muscle does not matter whether you use free weight or machines and cables The amount of muscle you're gonna grow is virtually identical One thing there's not a consensus on is if we should train a muscle always at length If the answer is yes, then should we modify the range of motion because parts of that are actually at longer left Let's confuse let's get into it To help shed some light on this we're gonna need to look at some recent case studies in a 20-21 case study. They took a bunch of untrained adults And compare them doing a lying leg curl versus a seated leg curl after 12 weeks the seated hamstring curl was the clear winner It showed significant increases in hypertrophy across all three hamstring muscles if you look at the total volume of the muscles The seated hamstring curls caused them to increase by 14.1% compare that to the lying leg curls which was 9.3% which I know doesn't sound like a lot But that's a one and a half fold increase imagine if you just reached down grab your balls and one of them was one and a half times bigger That's that's a problem if you're wondering why I'm sweating so much currently it's It's a hundred and three but when you dig a little deeper you realize holy hell This is a lot more impactful than I thought it was because that was just looking at the percentage change across all three muscles when you look at the individual muscles You see that the semi tendinosis and semi member semi member how are the fuck you say it had smaller but still significant increases But the real change came from the girthier and larger muscle the biceps femoris the percentage change was 14.4 compared to 6.5 That's a 2.2 fold increase. I don't even need the ball example to explain to you why that's such a big deal If you pulled your pants down and your ball was 2.2 times bigger you might even have to put it in a little adorable sling now This studies not without us limitations it was done on untrained people and normally that's a huge negative for me But this study was so well designed that I think we can still apply it to our own training because they didn't just put the population into two And had one group do lying and one do seated and compare the results they had them dedicated a leg So one leg would be seated one would be lying the entire time that way there was no genetic differences And they would compare the results of the individual they also randomized which leg was gonna be chosen for each exercise That way somebody's dominant leg wouldn't be factored into the results and these results are attributed to the fact that hamstring muscles are more at length During the seated leg curl which makes sense and more you think about it because when you get done doing a lying leg curl You could just lay there and take a nap when you're done with the seated You want to get out there as quick as you possibly can so given the option Now as fast ending as that was and something I'm definitely gonna utilize on my training going forward That I do with hamstrings nobody really gets excited about hamstrings What we do get excited about triceps in this particular study They got a bunch of untrained women with one of their arms they had them do a neutral tricep extension on the cable Now neutral just means that their shoulder was at zero degrees They also made sure that their elbow was at 90 degrees and then went down to zero So just a very structured range of motion with the other arm They had them do an overhead cable extension where the shoulder was at a hundred and eighty degrees this time and again elbow went from 90 to zero I feel great so really the only difference is the shoulder is putting those tricep muscles at length And you could try this at home I'm sure you're sitting there watching this way you take a shit just put your elbow to your ear and you'll feel the stretch and I'm sure you can smell it too So how much of a difference does that make? Actually a lot the overhead version increased the long head by 28.5% while the neutral version increased it by 19.6% again that's a one and a half fold increase But it makes sense because the long head crossed the shoulder joint So again, it's in more of a length and position as you can track through the movement But what doesn't make as much sense is the medial and lateral head increased by 1.4 as well Because they don't cross at the shoulder joint So this shouldn't really stretch them any more or less But what I think it is is most people just suck at doing tricep extensions and they usually get their shoulders or their traps involved So by increasing the angle of their shoulder it just makes it so the tricep has to do the work Doesn't matter what's head they all have to work harder and keeps you from screwing it up So is it that simple case closed just look for ways to put a muscle at length and contract it? No, the outlier is the inclined dumbbell curl because when I tested this with the EMG device I was able to generate less force and turn that I was wasting years of my life Now there could be other reasons why you do it like passive tension or just having that weight on stretch could cause growth But I'm not the only one that figured out this is probably not the best exercise for your long head and in my own anecdotal experience This is the most growth and peak I've ever seen on my biceps since I stopped doing the inclined dumbbell curls and found ways to actively overstretch my short head and Contract my long head simply meaning I've put my shoulder in external rotation and did weird ass curls and the long head of the biceps The only muscle I found where this concept just doesn't seem to work as well But everything other muscle from calves to lads to triceps is more beneficial to train it length So do it now there's something else I wanted to talk about that's very closely related to this and it has to do with how you fail in an exercise You suck at failing most people end us at the same way they grind out that last rep force it to the very top slam the weight down And then sit there and scroll through their phone and hard a bunch of thick women until their next set The flaw in assuming that your muscle has been taken to complete failure just because you can't go through a full range of motion Assumes that the top half of that range of motion is just as critical as the bottom half It's not they did a study where again. They took a bunch of women. Why did they mostly get women? I'm just gonna assume these were really manly women. So I feel more confident about the results They sent them up on a preacher crew with one of their arms. They did the initial range of motion the other arm The other half of the range of motion the results they had greater increases in cross sectional area in the Distal lens so the end closest to your elbow from the curls that were strictly in that initial range of motion Moves to the point of belly button sweat, so what does that mean to you? It means that regional hypertrophy where the muscle grows is dependent upon the range of motion and or the initial range of motion is when the muscle is more at length So there's a greater mouse and acting interaction and increase mechanical tension So instead of trying to just hump up that last rep when you're unable to take it through a full range of motion Just cut the range down squeeze out a few three quarter reps and then half reps when you can't do those anymore And then quarter reps the ideas you're getting more time under tension and more mechanical tension And this is how you should fail every single set. He's your said than done on something like hacks wise So what did we learn here today when possible train every muscle at length except the long head of your biceps That leads to inefficient miles and acting coupling also change your definition of failure The point is not to complete a rep, but to create as much damage throughout that muscle as possible So do a bunch of shitty half reps at the end of every set as always programs are linked below all 30 days 20 videos 20 bucks and I'm working on another one based around progressive overload But not exactly how you think you'll see and good and luck

=== FILE: 21 Exercises YOU NEED In Your Program [KA4HxVGAlKg].txt ===

All right, today we're going over the exercises. You need to program if you're serious about building muscle, but not just what to do more importantly, how to do it. Let's get after it. So I saw a reason video on this. And my first thought was somebody by that man, a shirt. Then my second thought was, that's the opposite of what I think. So I definitely need to make a video on it because it was lacking context. I think the most important thing is how you do these specific exercises, not just what you should do. And people of the option of doing workouts at home, just in case you still live in their mom's basement. So let's break it down body part by body part. I'll start with quads because that's the one that people hate the most. Now for my money, if you have access to it, the absolute acid or all exercises is the hacksquad. Now there's two ways you can make it more intense. Well, there's a lot, but my favorite two ways are slowing it down to a complete crawl or doing drop sets. Well, make you throw up your juice box right over your nose. Now if your stuck with limited equipment, don't stress. You can still kick your ass at home with squats, but squats like everybody else does. Because I don't think you should ever program an exercise. It hits a general area. You always want to be specific with what you're training. So doing high bar squats, feet nice and close, and maybe you put your heels on something to really tear up those quads is the way to go. Next up, hamstrings. And my favorite way to tear them up and make it look like you have some sort of disgusting growth in the back of your leg is with lying leg curls. But done in a very specific way. First, pointing those toes away the entire time, planter flexion. And yeah, it's going to jump into those calves. But if you can stomach it, it's going to create a more painful contraction in those hamstrings. Second thing is, I like to lift myself off the pad. That just ensures those hips stay down. Those glutes can't take over. And the hands are the only thing to work in. But if you have the coordination of four-year-old grown, you can't handle both those things at once. At least curl the weight up and hold the top for five seconds. That'll tear them up as well. Now if you're stuck at home, I would still say lying like curl just do the dumbbell version. Only problem there is just a matter of time before you drop it and crush one of those oblong shaped nuts. Now whether you're at home or the gym, if you're not doing sumo's, it's just a matter of time before those farts start leaking out of your ass. Because they are the absolute best thing to build those glutes. But make sure you're not coming straight up. You actually rotate over top of your hips and you do them the fucking right way. Now shoulders are pretty complex. So if anybody tells you just to heavy presses, I need you to do your best to squeeze out a fart, cup in your hand, and feed it to them like an infant because they need to remember this. For anterior delts, you're always going to get a better result from doing raises than you are pressed. So if you have access to cable, squeezing across your body, you're really isolated that head. It's going to get the job done. If you're stuck at home and then grabbing a little bit lower and a plate and doing a front raise is a lot better than pressing something heavy and chewing down those farts. Never forget. For that lateral head to me, there's nothing better than machine side lateral. But hitting every various thing you could think of back to back to back, parts of the top, bottom, folds, just holding the weight. We'll give you that width, you're desperately lacking. For the girth, nothing I could do about that. Chode for life. Best home version is just wind up all your wife's colorful dumbbells and do drop set side ladders and tell them, think, row. We're a poster, adults, whether I'm at a regular gym or a hotel gym, they said was fully equipped, which is code for we have a treadmill that skips when you walk in a water fountain with paper cups. I still do these so they must be good. Specifically, what they are, just the rotations you would do in an oral press, you're doing here, but lying on a bench. Now you could do these with drop sets, but there are enough as is just two straight sets. You'll hate them. Now for chest, you're never limited by the equipment you have access to. I guarantee we all know somebody that went to jail came back out with really developed tits and then asked hold it whistles in the wind. But for me personally, I've always found the best results from just attacking that chest relentlessly, but something like giant sets. So doing a dumbbell press into a coffin press, into a fly, into a pushup and tell you, fall on smash your face. Now no one can argue with the effectiveness of dead lives to build that foundation and thickness of your back, but if you go to the gym and pull four reps and then look around for somebody to smack you on the ass and tell you good job, you're doing it wrong. You don't truly tap into the effectiveness of this exercise and take it those extreme rep ranges. Those 20, 30 reps sets? That's where the magic happens. IE, something's about to blow out of your back when you're driving home and you'll gladly shit out your spine and then you start yelling, who the fuck put this lumbar support in here? Now when it comes to growing those lats, the most important thing, even more important than the actual exercise itself, is finding things you can do where you keep the elbow and a fix position at home that could be a dumbbell pullover. I do drop sets there. At the gym, I grab a V-bar handle, hit the lap, pull down, same thing. Keep the elbow and fix position, rotate around that handle and make sure your lats are actually pulling the weight, not your fucking biceps. Now the most important thing for arms is having a great connection and pushing a ton of blood. For triceps at home, I'm doing the trifocent, which is a seated French press, a lying skull crusher, and a close grip press. If I have access to cables and I'm cutting it down and doing parses at the top, the bottom, full range of motion and then probably some push ups are attempting to do push ups. There's no fucking way though. Now when it comes to biceps, the best exercise you can do out of your home or out of a van down by the river is just grabbing some dumbbells, tuck them into your stomach and doing high rep drop sets and tell those damn things, Bob. If you're at the gym, I would grab an easy bar attachment, go reverse grip and then flip those hands over, close grip, wide grip, drag curls, good fucking lock. If I had to choose one machine for calves, it'd be the city calf race, because there's so many different variations you can do. You can go toes and toes out. You can do parses at the top, parses at the bottom. You can do drop sets. You can just sit there and hold the stretch for a while until you throw up. It's phenomenal. That's why I say you're best, if your stuck at home is mimicking this by squatting all the way down on top of those calves and flexing against those hamstrings and tell something crabs. Oh my god, traps, you forgot traps. If you need help with traps, you're a lost cause, because that's easy. Just grab a barbell, do a hundred shrugs and ice your balls afterwards. After all that, if you still need me to grab you by the foreskin that makes up the majority of your chode and drag you through these workouts, that's why I created programs that are linked to the description. They're only 20 bucks. It's for you bud. I made him for people with forcecat. That's basically what I just fucking said. Now, if you need help growing those legs, I'd watch this video next. If you are a diabetes, this is the next video you should watch, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 3 Back Exercises For THICK Lower Lats (You Need These!) [YckGZseaDnc].txt ===

All right, today we're in the gym. We're hitting back because a couple of people reached out and they said, you know, just not getting the results I want. And I think I know exactly what that is. Also, here me on this. There's a certain type of person that likes these videos, snarky humor, workout tips. I thought maybe as a whole can give that community a name. And the first thing that came to mind is the Meg's. Now, it sounds stupid, but once you know the reason why makes a lot of sense. Now, it's not the shark that horrible movie that they made. It's not a abbreviation for anything. Actually, it's my sister in law's name. Show you, I think, someone asshole. I just think this will piss her off even more. So that or the chodes, your choice. So I've talked about different ways to make sure and get in that back more than your biceps, specifically in certain exercises, keep in the album of fixed position. Or maybe heard the analogy before of having hooks for hands, which is incredibly awful on that selling, but if it works for you, keep doing that. But you can take that information, go on the world and still screw it up because that's not everything. So today we're going to go even more detail. How to really engage that back on certain lifts. So I realized the other day as I was doing my normal version of CD cable runs, they're pretty damn abnormal because I'm more than happy to shorten that range of motion to a point where it doesn't look like I'm doing much, but it ensures that it's just my back moving the way. So the way I do that is my sit nice and tall engaged in that lower back, but completely disengaged an upper back, letting those lats open up. And at the same time, I'm finding the urge to let those hands drift forward. I keep this close to my can to my body. And that really puts even more stress on those lats open up even further. And then from there, that stack only moves as much as I'm able to contract back. Now when it comes to T-bar rows, unless you're staying a little more straight up and down trying to hit those traps, or maybe you're just giving that other thing a break for a while, stroking your ego instead by moving some heavy weight, which is fun to do sometimes. I think you're better served by going lighter, especially when you're trying to hit those lower lats. Two things on these first, I always use 25 because if I shorten the range of motion, it's going to be on my terms, not because they got 45s on here, and I'm smashing against my chest. And the second thing is I'm trying to stay parallel in the floor, because some people reach out and they said, how do you get these weird overdeveloped lower lats? That simple. All you're going to do is do exercises that focus on putting stress on where they actually lats originate from less than that insertion point. And the cool thing about this exercise, I'm like most of the back exercises, is actually the contraction starts, more towards that origin, and finishes off where they insert. I know we're perfect, we're reaching out to you. Maybe you're a little bit more risked versus me. You don't want to do an exercise where at any moment you can make a wrong move or sneeze and potentially get your spine, but to me, it's worth the risk. The results are that good. Now, if that's not the case, let's put the training wheels back on and do a version on the bench that works pretty damn good as well. Now, I'm going to stick and see a lot of people make on these. They just arch that back the entire time and they just yank that way down. But to me, it's a little bit more multi-dimensional than that, because not only can you get a little flex and extension of that back, which is going to light up the spine of directors, but also, you can relax those shoulders, wrap that back around the bench, and then arch up, squeeze, and then pull everything around, wrap those shoulders back, and it's going to hit and light up your entire back. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 3 Barbell Squats YOU SHOULD BE DOING! [7dsH-__3mpI].txt ===

All right, today we're going in depth on three of the most common barbell squat variations in the techniques you can use to get even more growth out of them. Also out of warm up and prime those legs properly. They'll increase your flexibility. Make you feel more confident, but also a little size on because it sucks. Let's get after it. So, traditionally when you see people warm themselves up for squats and are in a constant balancing act between making sure their flexibility is on point range motion is there. They feel comfortable, confident in the movement, but also not over-exerting themselves because strength is the name of the game for them. So that would be very precise about working themselves up to the exact weight they want to hit. But when you train like us, that's not the case. All you have to do is to fix yourself up to the point that allows you to fix yourself up even more. So we can still from physical therapists and take an exercise. It's often used in a clinical setting for people with various knee issues and use it to not only ease into squatting with some serious depth, but also use it for exactly what it is. And exercise and kick our own asthma. And they actually name this exercise. It escapes me, but I know it was something Spanish and the last thing I want to do is be insensitive. So let's just play it safe and call it the dirty Sanchez. And there's two separate variations I want you to try because they both have their own unique benefits. The first one is you wrap that band around and put one foot into each loop. Nice part about this one is it feels a little more equal as far as the tension's concerned. A little bit more stable as you're doing the movement, but also it's a little better contraction is you're coming up and kicking those knees back. The second one is you're going to wrap that band around tight into a knot and then step into one giant loop. Benefit here is it's going to put pressure on those knees. So you have to actually drive those knees out, which is going to warm those ab vector muscles, those glutes. And anybody who has an issue as you squat, you feel like those knees are starting to cave in on you. This is a great warm up for you, but anyway, who doesn't have that issue, it's just a nice reminder of how you're supposed to be squatting. And here's three important tips no matter what various you use first before you even start. Make sure you get tension on that band. Second, make sure that back's nice and tall as you go down. So get those arms involved. And then as you come up, don't just stand straight up, actually drive those knees back and then flex those quads as hard as you can. And you should immediately get an aha moment because after that first wrap you realize, there's no pain in your knees. It's feel great. Few more reps in and you're warmed up. And then you know if you go any further, this is going to hurt like hell. And that's when the light bulb goes off and you realize why do three or four sets of these to failure? My life's going to suck. All the start with everybody's favorite, the high bar squat. And the question comes up is, are certain type of shoe I should wear should I go barefoot? And really it's just a matter of what kind of squat you're doing and how bad your fucking feet stay. Because for me, I like to do traditional squats where my feet are flat on the ground in nothing but socks because those toes gripping the floor act as a kinesthetic trigger to remind me to drive those knees out. But if you're going to do a variation like I'm about to show where your heels are on a plate, then you're going to own a worse shoes. And I've talked about elevating those heels as a way to instantly improve your range of motion while you simultaneously work on your ankle flexibility that way. You're not wasting any time and you're not limited with your ability to squat, but this is a little different. We're pushing it to the extreme because we're going to put those feet all the way together. We're going to drive those knees together. We're doing 15 reps with those feet nice and close. And we're going to open up those toes, bringing that vases media else a little bit. So we started by hitting that vases ladder out of the outside of your quad and we open them up. We hit that vases media else just tear the entire quad up for 30 reps total, but 15 and 15 each. All right. Next up we're going over a variation of low bar squats, which I'm sure some of you've done before, but for some reason I never had to one day I wanted to squat and one of those squats. We really glued dominant because the last thing I want to have to happen is to get old and my farts leak out of me because my little pancake ass can't trap him anymore. If I'm going to get old and I'm going to fart, it's going to be deliberate. I'm going to aim. So you're going to sit up exactly like a low bar squat, but instead of going straight up and down, you're going to hinge at the hips like a good morning. And as you drive up, you open those knees out even more and last, but certainly not least the front squat. Now the tip on these is to actually do them because we all avoid them. Nobody wants to get choked out and walk away looking like a battered husband, but they're a phenomenal exercise. Especially for somebody who doesn't have a traditional way where your feet are fairly close together. If you widen those feet out and sit up like a sumo squat, you might find you actually love this exercise. And you love being choked out. And one quick note, if you're somebody cross those those arms for your front squat and you hold it under your delts, but you find as you get tired that bar rolls forward becomes a completely different squat. What you should do is throw two fingers on the bar and set up by driving those elbows up. And obviously you're not going to be able to flex and fingers back right away. But if you do it 10, 15 times, you'll feel more comfortable. Then go into actually picking it up another 10, 15 times. And you'll find that it becomes a more comfortable position right away. And this is coming for somebody that hasn't touched your back in years. So it works. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days. It's 20 videos. It's 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you haven't watched these videos, I'd want these snacks, but most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. You soon.

=== FILE: 3 Bicep Exercises (YOU NEED FOR GROWTH!) ｜ Sets & Reps [GjsBOd8Iozs].txt ===

Our written by Saps now, you probably wouldn't train them by themselves. You pair them up with triceps back. However, you do it, I just like to keep these videos nice and short. And I still don't know what you got to access to. Some people would still are just stuck in their wives' pink dumbbells. So we're going to start off with the cables. We'll do a dumbbell variation, and they'll finish with a barbell exercise. So that's some reps in the description. Let's get after it. All right, so we're going to start off with easy bar cable curls. Because, like I said before, cables that the ultimate way to really develop that mind muscle connection makes you get a perfect contraction every time. And as long as you're doing correctly, there's no wasted effort whatsoever. So we're going to go through a couple different variations. So I like to do in the way I decide which one I'm going to do that day. It's all walking. And nothing is set in stone is I'll do a set of each. And whichever one hurts the most, that's what I'm going to do. I'd say about half the people going to walk up, put very little thought into it. Have a great connection to these. The other half, I'm going to fill those in here and down. So that's either from going too heavy or just a horrible, learned behavior of letting those elbows drift forward and back throughout the movement. Really just to kind of protect that bicep on the negative portion of it. And almost keep eating in static position. So what you can fix that is by isolating it down even further by tucking those elbows on your stomach and treating your stomach like a preacher curl and then curling up from there. Now some people shoulders are so interested that they're still going to jump in the last exercise. So what you can do, which I'm tempted not to show you because there's going to be some guy, possibly girl, but probably guys, you're going to walk too far forward and grind that cable against this junk or even worse back all the way up and floss his ass with it and say, it's okay, he told me I could do it. Not the case. The correct way to do it is just walk slightly forward, lean into a little bit and that's part of this. And instead of doing the other way, when you're pulling back towards you, which it's easy to see how your shoulders can pull up and jump into it with this. You're tucked forward and you're isolated all the way down to this bicep. You really have to mess up to get those shoulders to jump in. Now if you still feel your shoulders not last exercise, I would just lean into the fact that you are a messed up human being and do more drag curls. So face that same way, lean slightly forward and then drag curls straight up from there. I guarantee you, those you're going to connect with. Now when it comes to dumbbells, I've never been a big fan of traditional alternating curls because once I get to rest too much on top of that, as you pronate that weight down, feel like it jumps from the bicep into that breaky Allison. You lose that tension on that bicep. So unless I'm doing something hammer specific, I like to keep my wrists supinated the entire time and keep that constant tension. And one way you can do that, which I don't think I've gone over yet, is incline drag curls. Now the one thing you're going to watch out for here is letting those elbows drift too far forward and actually connecting that line between your hands and your forehead. In that case, you're just doing a regular incline curl. What you want to do is make sure you let those drift straight back and you're actually going to be pulling back into angle because you want to touch those hands to those shoulders and that's the curl. All right, so we're finishing up on the straight bar doing reverse grip curls. And I don't see a lot of people do these and I think it's because they're horrible and they suck, but they work really well. Now, one thing you'll notice is as I'm coming up, I don't go much above halfway because for me and I think most everybody, I mean, that's all your bicep can take at that point. Your flex and that wrist, that's the end of the contraction. Any further, you got to get that shoulder involved. I don't know what they're hell you're doing if you're getting it all the way up here. And the second thing you'll notice is I really get those wrists involved. So during the negative portion, I flex that wrist down and as I come up during the contraction, I'll flex that wrist back and up and that's going to really just enhance the contraction that breaky Allison even more. Again, as always, like, subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 3 Calf Exercises YOU NEED TO BE DOING (BODYWEIGHT!) [yxNCjiW24Gs].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting my three favorite bodyweight exercises for calves. And as you can see, I'm filming this after I got done. Good news. It sucked. Let's get after it. All right, so the first one you're going to need to do a deep squat. And not just kind of deep. I'm talking calfs to hamstrings. Now, if you can't get there because you have flexibility issues, knee problems, whatever maybe, put a foam roller behind there. If you're at the gym, if not, if you're stuck at home, roll up a towel. It really doesn't matter. You just want that tension between your calf and hamstring. If you can't, you can recreate it with a towel. You just want that pressure because you want something to flex against. And the idea is we're mimicking something like a CD hamstring curl, where you're sitting down, you have to flex against that pad. Makes a contraction that much worse. Same thing here, but now we're doing it with a hamstring. We're flexing your calf against that. And immediately, you're already going to be engaged to make the contraction that much harder. Now, the one thing you want to watch out for is even if you're flexible enough to sit nice and tall on your heels that you don't. You're going to shift your weight forward. You want more pressure in your toes. He's going to want to put more of a stretch on those calves. And the cool thing about this exercise other than blowing up your calves is that if you program it correctly, you're going to increase ankle flexibility. So, save it quad day. If you do these first by the time you get in your squatting movements, you'll notice that you have an easier time with that dorsy flexion. Get those toes of your shins. And you won't be shifting forward with your weight so much, putting in your toes. You can drive from those heels a lot easier. Also don't be afraid to get a little craved with your feet. Turn your toes in, turn them out. It's going to put tension on that calf in a different spot for more emphasis on one part of the calf. And if you're somebody that doesn't believe that it's possible and you should just do it the normal way, then you're wrong. You're going to get all the benefits of the last one. But we're going to get more ankle flexibility, more of a stretch on that calf because we're going to do it unilaterally. So the way you're going to do these is by exaggerating that knee even more. So chipping that knee over your toe and really then you're going to be sitting completely on that calf and hamstring. All that pressure should be there. Just building extreme stretching that calf. And a nice part about these, now you can use your hands to stabilize yourself a little bit. And instead of coming straight up with that contraction, want you to drive it forward and that's in a hand-sight contraction even more. And after the last one we're going to throw those shoes back on because we're going to get where we're with the book. Now in the game of life, this doesn't hold true and any woman will tell you this is mathicase, but you don't need a book. You just need a couple inches. So the way we're going to use this book is we're going to set up like a donkey calf raise and use all four sides of it. So the very top is going to be the anterior tibialis flexion that toe up. The sides are going to use to hit the opposite head of that gastroke and the back's going to be just a traditional donkey calf raise. I'd say the biggest key on this one is really putting on that pressure into that hip driving that knee back and really get as much of a stretch on that calf and that gastroke as possible. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Again, I'm going to leave that link so if you want to get notified when the course comes out, you'll be the first to know and get after it get grown. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 3 Foods That Are Making You A FAT MESS! [S10nUNdvLtU].txt ===

You may not know this, but if you're a chubby mess, it might not be your fault. Actually, it still winds up being your fault, but the problem could be that your progress is being completely halted by these three types of foods. Let's get after it. Now, obviously, there's more than three. Could easily pick a few people that watch this channel, went to their house and rated their fridge in a way to highlight more things you shouldn't be eating. But I didn't think anybody want to watch me force feed a grown man. His pepperoni hot pockets, until he cried and threw up, but now that I say it out loud, that's an amazing idea. Comment below if you want to be a part of that. But also because these are some of the most prevalent ones I see that slow or sometimes even stop progress altogether. So let's not waste any more time. Let's get into number one because it's a controversial one. It's fucking fruits and vegetables. And yeah, not all are bad. If you're purposeful the way you integrate some of them into your diet, there's some real benefits. I don't even think the impact that some of the ones are even higher and sugar have on your overall blood sugar is overstated because we're past age of eating orange slices and taking a nap. We're not six. We're going to pair with some sort of protein. That's not the problem. Problem I have is with people making statements like fruits and vegetables aren't the problem or fruits and veggies don't make you fat, bullshit. Watch me. I even had one person coming in a previous video saying, I dare you to try to get fat from bananas. You can't do it. So I dug a little deeper. I found that second grade teacher said that he always struggled in class and he was the reason that his parents got divorced because he was such a disappointment. So it turns out he actually meant it. Pretty sad. Fruit and vegetables can very much be the reason you're getting fat because when it comes down to it, if you're taking an excess amount of calories, how good your intentions are, that's the reason your face is a giant circle. My advice is just ask yourself, is this the best possible thing I could be eating right now? Am I making progress in my physique? And does it fit my overall calorie goals? Or am I just an asshole wants you to fruit salad every day? You might find that there's some better options. Food type number two is even a food. I just don't want to refilm that intro and stubborn. It's alcohol. I think this question a lot from people and it's phrase the same way, which is how do I continue to drink alcohol and still lose weight? And immediately, I don't think you're serious because not only is the extra calories or the fact that you're going to go sleep at 2 a.m. covered in a pile of Mexican food, it's even worse than that. One thing it does is it affects the quality of your sleep. It actually go to a big quicker, which is good and you know having a lower body temperature, which is also good, but eventually that heat's up and you get less REM sleep. On top of that it affects everything from your hypotherms, your testosterone, your thyroid, even those quarters and levels. Basically, fuck your entire immune system. And this doesn't happen after years of being alcoholic. You can start to see these effects after one crazy night but checking with your friends. And for anybody that says, that doesn't apply to me. I drink wine because there's antioxidants in there. Go fuck yourself. Reason number three, zero or low calorie foods. You know the ones. Crystal light, disgusting, golden forms, magic noodles, snack packs. One of the biggest problems is those low calorie ones add up quick. Crystal light says five calories, but that's in a fifth of a packet. What kind of sick person only drinks the fifth of a packet? It's not happening. And the ones that are actually no calorie are going to lead to some serious gas for a test of the stress. And while the scientific community can't come to a consensus on whether or not actually affects your gut health, I'm going to go out of limb and say the fact that you're pissing out of your ass is not a good sign. That's actually one of the reasons I started using this continuous glucose monitor just to see if some of the artificial sweeteners were having effect. And guess what? They fucking did. And yeah, that's purely anecdotal and you're going off my own personal experience, but if you want to test this out yourself, just find somebody in your family that's diabetic and make them a nice strong glass of crystal light. They die or hypothesis was correct. We'll throw a bonus one in there because I've had people say don't worry. I don't use Pam. That's bad for you. I cooked my food and extra virgin olive oil. What do you think you're not? Good job. There's your food tastes good because of it. That's because it's full of extra fat just like you. And if you're thinking what's my beef with vegetables, some are higher in calories and sugar, but I've also had just a bad experience. One time I was doubting for a show, I ate four bags of Costco vegetables. I thought you know what? That's a little high in calories. You know what? There's just too much. I'm going to cut them out completely. It's a bad idea. About seven days later, I realized, you know what? I don't think I've taken a shit in a while. Now that can't be the case. I must have. That's way too long. In that particular day, I locked myself out of my house. So I hopped my fence and right when I landed, I must have dislodged that shit. And it was code red. But not the kind of code red we have to run to the bathroom. Or time stands still. Everything slows down. You really start sweating. It's like the matrix of shits. If you move too fast, a bad thing is going to happen. And I timed it perfectly. You know, sometimes you go to take a shit and the time is passed. You don't have that violent pain shooting at the same time you sit down. I had this perfectly timed out. As I was sitting down, pants pulled down, violent pain nothing happened. Which is odd because I felt like something bad was about to happen. So I did what any man would do. I started inspecting. I grabbed a shitload of toilet paper made it into a makeshift glove. Reach up there and realize there was a wall of shit. Nothing was getting out. So I began to perform minor surgery on myself to release this leader of colonized shit. And the moment I got it to breach, it violently shot at me. And that's not the most embarrassing part that I turned my ass into a giant potato gun. No, it's the fact that I looked down and realized that that's unflushable. So as an adult man, I'm going to have to sit on the floor and karate chop my shit into pieces that are small enough to flush. Fuck you vegetables. I'm going to leave two links in the description. One to get notified when the full gym program comes out and the other one is for the 30 day program that's the garage style limited equipment that you can already kick your ass with now. And if you haven't watched this video and died, I've watched this next. Also another of my favorites, most poorly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after a get growing. Dr. Seed.

=== FILE: 3 Muscle Imbalances That SLOW GAINS & F Your Posture [IPqSjFZdWNo].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over three muscle and balance. It's not only going to limit the amount of muscle you can put on overall, but I'm also going to leave some pretty horrible posture, and you're going to end up looking like a creep. So let's fix that right away. Let's get after it. Let's start out by figuring out if this is something that even applies to you. First question is when you go into a nice deep squat or even a leg press, as you bring it down, do you have trouble keeping those heels down, you end up rolling on your toes or what about on shoulder day? Do you end up getting more sore on your traps than you do in your delts? Or what about back day? You get halfway through and think, I got a stop because if I go any further, I'm going to blow my lower back out of my ass. If you said no to all those, then you're a liar, which is a useful and admirable quality don't change. So when it comes to being unable to keep your heels down on something like the leg press, it all stems from ankle mobility issues, which in itself could be a litany of things. And it's complex, prom, defects, but just like most things in life, your best bet is to use Occam's razor. Scientific and philosophical rule that entities shouldn't be multiplied unnecessarily. Or in other words, the simplest explanation is probably the truth. Good example of this is the fact that your wife didn't leave you because of that one time you forgot her half birthday. She left you because you fucked her best friend. More than likely, it's because you spend 99% of your time training the muscles involved in the planar flexion of those feet and give zero attention to the antagonist and strongest dorsiflexor, the tibialis anterior. And it's tough to blame me because from the looks of it, it appears that most gyms don't have a piece of equipment that make it easy to train. And yeah, you could do the dumb-overs when you sit off the edge of a bench, but then you feel like you're six and you're at the doctor's office and your feet are dangling there. You can almost taste that dry as popsicle stick again. But there's actually great piece of equipment that almost every gyms going to have. It's a lying leg curl. The set it up, just adjust the heel pad to the shortest position, start with the light of sweat you can, sit on the backwards and contract that tibialis until you can't anymore. And yeah, it isn't lost on me that I'm asking you to stop doing one that makes you look like you're six. To one that makes you look like you're riding reverse calmer, but it works better. So there's that. All right, the next muscle imbalance is a pretty easy one to identify. Just grab a couple dumbbells, head over to the mirror, turn sideways, and do a side ladder or raise. If you have trouble looking at yourself as you do it, just look at the faces of the people around you. They look disgusted. It's probably because your head's jolting forward with every single wrap. And even if it doesn't, it's probably because you're so fucked up your head stays in that forward head posture, which means you're going to have a hard time connecting with the lateral head of that dealt because your horrible posture is actually putting in a perfect position to contract those traps, which to be clear is a bad thing. The reason that happens is because the deep flexure muscles in your neck have gotten weak. And you've also gotten soft. When you're younger, you just go the bar and have two, three, 12 drinks and bring home a thick girl and let her sit on your face while you're simultaneously having the time your life and fighting a breathe. You're also keeping that chin tucked and engaging those flexure muscles. But those days are long gone now. And you can't simply fix this by throwing on your favorite metal album hanging your head off a bench and thrashing up and down because there's a muscle on both sides called the sternal cladel mastoid, which originates to your clavicle and sternum and wraps around towards the back connects to the mastoid process. And even when you have your chin tucked, it's a bastard. It's still going to try to engage and take over. So we have to break it into two parts and do it lying on the floor. So to do this, you're going to need a 10 pound plate in a towel. Fold that towel up, put on your head and then set the plate on top. But obviously, don't hold it, just stabilize it. From there, we're going to do a chin tuck. So drive that chin into your neck. As it head tells for, we're going to feel a nice deep stretch on the backside of your neck. So it's going to feel like your head sliding up in a way from you. It'll make sense when you do it. But the biggest reason we do it on the ground is because you're able to duplicate perfect form every single time. Now that we have those deep neck flexures contracted, we're going to maintain a chin tuck, continue to tilt that head forward and lift it off the ground in an inch. Now what this going to do is make the contraction even worse. It's also going to bring in the SCM, which we're okay with. We already prioritized the weaker muscles. SCM can do it over the fucking wants from there. You can hold that for two seconds, back down and repeat the whole process all over again. Then the question becomes how often should you do this? Well, depends on how bad your forward head posture is. If it's disgustingly bad, start out at every workout with this. If it's only kind of bad, people don't get nauseous once a week. And for the last muscle imbalance, we're not even going to go over where to test it because even if you have fully developed direct responding muscles, make it always be better. The best way to train them is with a reverse hyper. But make sure you do these two things to get even more out of them. First, if you're doing them over top of something like a glute ham raise, don't just land it like an asshole and hug on for your life. Try to get extension that upper back as well and try to make the contraction meet in the middle. So as you bring those legs up, you drive the upper back up and it makes it a lot worse. Second, as you bring those legs up, and once you're pretending like your feet are glued together, there's a reason why power lifters love these as much as Instagram models. Because if you start to turn those toes out and get more engaged matter your glutes, which is fine if that's your goal. But if you want to tear up that back, feet together, toes together, they'll do the job. Well, what do we learn here today? We either because technology or own laziness, we're pretty screwed up. That's what I learned. If you want to get notified when the full gym program comes out, I'll leave a link below. Also, if you've been checked out the 30-day garage program, you can do with limited equipment and kick your ass right now. I'll link to that too. And make sure watch these two videos next if you haven't already, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell. I'm gonna get after you get growing. Now, what do you do soon?

=== FILE: 3 Sets You NEED To Build MUSCLE! (DON’T MISS THIS) [XAv1OJXgs_0].txt ===

Inspired by my Christmas tradition, a purposely giving horrible gifts to the people in my life. For instance, this year I'm going to people's old mice-based accounts and other tagged photos to find the ugliest picture of them ever captured in the wild, blow up some giant print, and send it to them with a thoughtful message like Merry Christmas Assel. So if you're wondering why I do something similar here, give you some of my favorite painfully grueling sets and exercises to help you put on muscle. That could potentially kill you because it's the least I can do. And I've been trying to come up with a catchy name, but so far I've got a set that make you shit, so that's going to have to work. Let's get after it. All right, for the first painful set that keeps on giving, we're starting over the bicep exercise, but you can just as easily use the same concept on triceps, and I'm using cables because I connect with them better, but if you don't have access to cables, you can do this with dumbbells as well, because what we're doing is sending and descending drop set. So you're going to start with a moderate weight, you can hit for 20 reps. Then you're going to go up and wait and you're going to try to hit 20 reps again. If you can, great, you just keep going up until you fail to hit 20 reps. Once you fail, you start dropping that weight back down to your original starting weight. At which point you should look down and notice there's a little herzhy's kiss on the ground. Hence the name sets the make you shit. All right, next up, we got a pretty horrible squat variation. But before we do, I've had people ask me, you know, what do I come up with these things? They may be hard to believe, but when I was younger, I was even more of an asshole than I am now. I used to invite friends to come train with me just to see if I can break them. And looking back, probably not the smartest move from a legal standpoint, because my buddies would show up with a small alcohol just radiating off of them, and they're covered in glitter from whatever dancers they're trying to put through college. Here, how many just sign this napkin? Just in case I put you too hard and you're hard to explode. You do something stupid, like hold your breath the whole time, you have a prolapse issue, and your ass falls out. All right, this is one of my favorite kind of sets because this design with no end in mind. It's only over when you tap out, tuck that thing between your legs and call it a day. Because what we're doing is a squat with the paws at the bottom, they get progressively longer. So you start out by squatting down, hold the bottom for a second, squat back up, squat back down, two seconds, three, you get the idea. You just keep pushing it till you get your breaking point. And the cool part about it is just like the 100-wet squat challenge, it's a great way to start your workout because you're going to be using a way you normally warm up with anyways. So it's first couple reps, you're going to be like, all right, I'm getting greased up, about halfway through, you're going to be like, just f***ing sucks. And by the end of it, can I go home? All right, next up, we're doing the lap pull down variation. But let me give you more specifics on it because I'm tweaking the way I'm doing it. And I'm talking more of the upper back, hitting those weird-outs and traps at the same time. So the first thing is I'm using two individual handles. That way I can pull them apart in the bottom of the contraction, makes it a little bit more dynamic, it really gets that upper back involved. Second thing is I'm flaring those elbows out and pulling nice and high, making the contraction of those traps stop the movement. So as I'm coming down, once those traps are fully flexed, I'm stuck. I'm trying to pull apart, get a little bit more engagement out of the upper back. But then I'm done. I'm not trying to pull it down any lower, just make those traps finish the movement, flex rear-delt, traps upper back, and then back up. And the key to making this a great one is picking the right weight. You want something that's going to kick your ass for 20 and then you're going to breathe a second and hit down 10, 5, 2, 2, 1 and take it to 50. So feel free to read GIFTHES or come up with your own and share our music and the hashtag set that make you shit because I'm sure Instagram will appreciate that. And if you're new to the channel or you haven't already, you're going to want to watch these next. And as always, most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after a gig growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 3 Upper Body Exercises YOU NEED TO START DOING! (Chest & Biceps) [oUGHMdxAGh0].txt ===

All right, today we're going to go over three of the most underrated upper body exercises that you need to start doing. If you already do them, do more. Also, we're in the hat today because I got PRP done and if you thought my head was distracting before, it looks like a damn bowl of mass potatoes. It's awful. Oh, one more thing. Since you guys seem to love the story where I almost died at the hands of my own shit, at the very end, I'll tell you about the time that I overdose to Milan and Tan. Let's just say when you hear the warning on an ED commercial that says if your erection lasts longer than four hours, I would have welcomed four hours. So the first exercise is a coffin press, which I would imagine you've done before. But we're going to go over three different variations because I would bet that one of them you haven't. And you're going to have a great connection. You're going to fall in love. It's going to get weird. We're also going to go over different ways to tweak your form to get even more out of them. So starting out with the classic dumbbell version, set yourself up on an incline, and there's really two ways to execute this. You can flare those elbows out to the side, push those dumbbells together, and feel like you're squeezing one of those disgusting but wonderful zip popping videos. You're going to pop those dumbbells or tuck those elbows in your side, drag them along your body in the way up and drive those elbows in together. There's no right way. Sometimes I walk in the gentleman thing, that sucks. Let me try the other one. It flips your body's fucking weird. One of the biggest things though is you don't want to go too heavy. If you do those anterior delts are going to jump in, so really focus on high reps sets, 20, 30 reps. Because it's one of the best things you do for that inner part of your chest is one of the few times you're going to really contract and squeeze it. Unless you're one of those guys that wear those wife beaters that show too much cleavage. You know what I'm talking about. So if you've ever watched Charles Glass train, he has a great coffin press variation. He does on the smith machine with all of his clients, which is phenomenal. If you have friends, if you don't, you're probably going to choke yourself and die. And that's not how I'm going out. I'm going to go to home town buffet and have six plates of dessert, ship myself and die happy. But we take that same concept and attach when over the cables and get just as much benefit. Two things, one you want to face away because you want that tension pulling down and towards you that way you can drive away. So cables are behind you. Second thing is you want to do the variation where you're dragging along your body. You have a better connection. If you try to just flare those elbows out, it's too much delt, it won't work. And look stupid. Now normally, we're a tank top or something. You can see the inner part of my chest working, so you know I'm not full of shit. But today I had a little bit of miscommunication with them, massage therapists. When she asked me, have you ever done cuffing before and I said, Yeah, like once or twice, it's neat. She must have heard I want you to turn me into a purple polka dot in bitch. Probably thinking, it's not too bad. Oh, well, kind of looks like shit. Holy hell. Remember Barney the big purple dinosaur? I imagine if you were gave you a venereal disease, this is how it would look. Change them back. And the last variation of cough and presses is the one you're going to do with the land mine. Now you get you to do the standing or seated, but seated is probably the way to go. Because it's a little bit easier to manipulate your body. You can lean forward, put more emphasis on the top of your chest, lean back, drive that contraction lower. Also, this is going to be one you want to drag that arm around your body, drive those elbows in, don't want to flare them out. So drive them in, you'll have more of a connection that way. If you haven't tried these, these are one of the best. I don't know how long I should have my nose. So the next exercise we're doing is for biceps. And we're actually doing on the cd cable row. I always surprise that more people don't do biceps on here to which I'm sure somebody's going to reply. It's because it's for back asshole. Point taken. But regardless, there's some great variations you can do on here. One of which mimics a preacher curl because very few people can grab that preacher bench, drag it over to the cables and do a preacher curl with a cable that way. So we can do the same thing with the cd cable row and use our legs as the preacher curl and it's wonderful. And the second variation might even be better because it's going to ask those biceps to do even more work because those elbows are away from your body. So what's more emphasis on the biceps to actually do the curl. And we're doing a drag curl. So you're going to lock those legs out and pull straight towards your body. So on a straight line, the reason it doesn't pull into your lats is because you're stopping that elbow short. It's one straight line. And you can really overload with this one which is nice. So you can move a significant amount of weight. It's also wonderful. I'm going to count that as three. Some people are going to say it's five. Dickheads will say it's two averages out. So if you're not familiar with how malanitan works, basically it binds to receptors and your body actually produces more melanin, which was a pretty inviting proposition for me. Considering my body's translucent, I thought, you know, it's not too many side effects I can see. Let's give it a go. Now there's a whole process to it. You have to mix it into all these things. And that particular day I was busy, which I'll get into the reason why later. But I didn't realize I was supposed to take five and it up taking 50, ten times the dose. And I didn't realize this right away. I was getting ready. All of a sudden I started yawning uncontrollably and then I had this really weird urge to stretch. And I started giggling like an asshole. Then it hit me. All of a sudden I remember seeing how much I took and realizing that's not. This is not going to be good. I immediately started looking up the side effects, which didn't really apply because nobody takes ten times the dose. Except me. Let me read him to you. Naja vomiting loss of appetite flushing of the face yawning involuntary stretching. Do you have any idea? It's actually the worst. You're basically walking my new year on business and your body stops you and you have to stretch your entire body and give a like a school girl. Oh, and spontaneous erections. That's the, that's the real fucked up one. I wasn't overly worried like I was going to die, but I didn't have an event to go to later that day when you have an erection that gives zero fucks about what your plans are. It's trouble. I remember calling my wife from a department store change room with three pairs of pants on trying to conceal it, which was not working. And she thought it was fucking whole areas. But this is where I started to get concerned because when I went home, I saw to look on my wife's face and she was visibly shaken. So much so that her first suggestion of what we should do to fix this is why don't we put something in it and try to deflate it. What the fuck? It's in a rogue volleyball to college football game. We're going to need this thing. So after four hours and nothing got better, I just said screw it. I'm going to throw my three pairs of pants and go to this event. What's this event you ask? Well, one of my last in-person clients and one of my great friends asked me, hey, can you please shoot my wedding? Take video, photography, can you do that for me? And I said, normally that's not something I don't even want to. But for you, I be honored. Until that day, I showed up with a raging boner, Giggling like crazy could barely walk, randomly stretching to the hunger games of all gay weddings. Needless to say, all the pictures were cock-eyed. Also, I'm going to start posting every Sunday and Tuesday at 9 a.m. Don't ask me why. That's just when you fucking people are online. Also, this Tuesday at 9 a.m. the full gym program is going to come out. If you haven't checked out the garage program yet, I'll link to that below as well. Most importantly, get fucking after it. Fuckin' after it.

=== FILE: 30lbs in 15 Months… [sAYiqEMJyu4].txt ===

Over the past 15 months, I put on 30 pounds of lean mass. And unless my tank got yo, then it's predominantly from new muscle that I've built. And that's not even the craziest part. It's that I only went up 0.1% body fat. And your first response should be what kind of trend below in the sandwiches is this guy eating. And that's the best part. None. I'll go over exactly what I've been taking over the last 15 months, but that's not it. And inevitably there's gonna be a guy who drinks muscle milk and master bates to anime porn. We'll see, yeah, but decks is or not as accurate as something like hydrostatic. So what I only gained 25 pounds of muscle, you're missing the point, I told. So let's go over what I've learned and implemented in the last 15 months to make this miracle possible. One thing I'm fairly certain on is that doesn't matter if you're using 85% of your one-rette max for six reps or 40% for 30. As long as those lighter sets are taken to complete failure, the results are going to be virtually identical. And what's interesting is while the results might be similar, the scientific community has no idea if the actual hypertrophy itself is. And I know that sounds confusing. Let me explain. The crudest definition of hypertrophy is when you pick shit up, put it down. And as long as the stimulus was great enough, and there's enough of needle acids available, those ribosomes in your muscle cells will synthesize more protein, some of which being myocininactive. You know those guys. They're then transported and integrated into myofibros or made into completely new ones. Now, if you don't know what myofibros are, this is the best I can do. Every muscle cell or muscle fiber, you can use those interchangeably, has hundreds to thousands of these. All they really are is a bunch of sarcomeres that contain the contractile proteins, myocininactive, and stacked on top of each other. I have no self-control. God, it's good. It's pretty well agreed upon. The most common form of hypertrophy happens by adding sarcomeres in parallel. Think of that diagram as your bicep. If you cut it in half, cheese is a surprise. And look directly down on it. What? In the hell? No, that's supposed to be in there. What they're saying is you're adding more myofibros within the muscle cell. The muscle cell then has to increase in size to maintain proper distribution and functioning of the organelles and the sarcomo plasal. But it's been proposed that high volume training, like what you do with the low percentage of your one rep max, might induce sarcomo plasmic high purtrophic. When the non-contractile elements, the sarcomo plasmic fluid, the glycogen storage, the density of the mitochondria, etc., etc., increase. And that makes sense the more you think about it, because as a muscle increases in size, it doesn't proportionally increase in strength. That's more depend on the load you lift with. Over the past 15 months, I've spent half the time with lighter weights, 15 to 30 reps, the other half 6 to 8. I've also found the results to be identical, but there are some caveats to that. One of those being that with the lighter weight sets, they have to be taken to true failure, and that's easier said than done on something like the hack squat. For example, say I was doing a set of 30 here in reality, I should be putting on a weight that causes me to start to fail around 20 reps. And then I have to pray to little baby Jesus to get those last 10 reps, but truthfully, I rather not get there. I rather fail at 25, 28, that's true failure. I mean, think about it this way. When's the last time you saw somebody at the gym using the hack squat, they got stuck underneath it, and they crawled out. It doesn't happen. People just tap out mentally. On the flip side of that, there's certain exercises and body parts. You're just not going to be able to train in that low rep range of 6 to 8 reps. Try to do 6 reps on the tricep extension, and see how bad your abs hurt the next day. That means you fucked up. Best case scenario, you do a hybrid of them ball. It also allows you to be a little bit more fluid with your training, because there are times you walk in and your knees feel like shit. And as always in that moment, you're reminded that you wanted to buy some of those knees sleeves, and you're wrong to see if that made any difference, but you did. So instead of just suffering through it and trying to lift heavy weight, where your knees sound like rice crisps, you just lift lighter weights that day and do higher rep sets. There are some other things with this past here that I found to be highly overrated, or the very least, the importance of these things have been overstated. For example, rest time between sets, or how long each individual rep takes does a 4 count negative actually work that much better than a 2 count? Probably not, but sometimes I like hurting myself, so I'll do a 4 count. But the biggest one I'm going to get the most pushback on is the frequency it would you train a muscle, the scientific community, and myself included. I made a video on it, it says that training 2 times a week is better than one time, but in practice, that's not really the case. I have programs like the PPLs where I train each body part 2 times a week, and other ones that have a bros split, and the results are identical. The only caveat to that is if you have a muscle that's incredibly resisted into growth. For me, it's my calves. If I don't train them three times a week, they get smaller. So if those things didn't really make that big of a difference, then what exactly did? One of the most impactful changes and biggest aha moments I've ever had happen after I started to dive into functional blood chemistry. When people normally look at their blood work, they scroll past everything just to get to the total and free test to make sure they got enough juice to pillage the village. But the more you learn, the more you realize that some of these biomarkers can change the way you train, sleep, and in my case, the way you eat. I used to be a huge advocate for low carb, ketogenic, even the carnivore style of diet. While there's nothing inherently wrong with those, when it comes to billing muscle, there's no way around it. You're putting yourself at a disadvantage. If we look at my blood work from early last year, you're going to see I have elevated levels of fasting insulin, which is exactly what it sounds like. And it's a good indication I might be dealing with some sort of insulin resistance. And if that's the case, that also means that I'm not efficiently utilizing glucose, which sucks. Fat, muscle, and liver cells, all rely on insulin binding to them to bring glucose in. So when this process is less efficient, muscle cells, it creates an obvious problem. The whole last video I made was all on glygogen, but specifically what happens is those glut-four transporters are less effectively transported to the surface of the cell to bring glucose while you train an effectively store glygogen post-training. So your performance is going to suffer down the rope. Does that make sense, Chuck? Insulin resistance also makes it harder for insulin to stop the breakdown of fats in the body, which it first sounds like a good thing. So I'm going to constantly be burning fat. But we have to remember that too much of a good thing ends up being bad. For example, I'm sure you've seen the commercials. If you've had an erection lasting longer than four hours, you're about to die. Now knowing that fact, we can look back in my blood work and verify whether or not I have insulin resistance by seeing if I have elevated levels of glycids and wouldn't you know it? I do. Although low carb is the most common diet prescribed for obese combos to combat insulin resistance for healthy-witting individuals, it's been shown to do the opposite. This recent case that he looked at the effects of low carb diets on non-fattys, and what it found is that actually increased insulin resistance. And again, I'm not saying they're bad, but in my case, my blood work was actually telling me that it was detrimental to my goals of not looking like a little piece of shit. So how did I fix it? When it comes to fixing insulin resistance caused by low carb dieting, it's actually a pretty easy fix. You just incrementally increase the carbs on your diet. Make sure they're high in fiber to help bring down those triglycerides as well. I started off with around 100 grams of carbs a day, now which is my month limit. Now I'm at 800 grams a day. It's delicious. So obviously, it's always a good idea to get your blood work checked. But a clear sign that I was actually dealing with it before and it didn't realize it is every time I would eat carbs, I looked worse. That's not normal. Also, this is what it's like to have 13 dogs. But that wasn't the only change I made. These right here were a huge eye opener. And I know, surface EMGs only rely on the electrical potential muscle fibers. Even when I see a case study with these things, I roll my eyes because I know how finicky and unreliable they can be. But what I did was different. I systematically tested every single exercise that I did to make sure that the muscle I was trying to target was actually getting hit and not being dominated by all the secondary muscle. I also manipulated my form and tested different ways to do each exercise to see if I can get even better results. The results of all that testing led me to completely change the exercises I do when I train. For example, I haven't used the machine-rear-delt fly since because I realized how much my mid-traps are jumping in and screwing it up. I now only do rear-delt exercises that allow me to keep my arm close to my body like this variation I do on the machine-side ladder. Another thing I never do anymore has to with anterior delts. When I'm pressing, I never press in the frontal plane. Most people pull the elbow out to the side and press that way. I found it to be a lot of lateral head. I only press in these saginal planes. Sadgit tall. Sadgit tall. Now anytime you have a weight in front of you like this, your traps have to get involved to counteract that weight. So what I do is I lean back so I set the bench up further back and that fixes that problem. The last example, oh my god. My b-o smells like bad weed. The last example I'll give you has to do a lap pull down. Anytime I do these now I go as wide as possible to limit bicep activation. The closer you go, the more your biceps can screw it up. God damn. Honestly, you don't need to device like a service EMG. The moment you start taking time, I'm going through every single exercise to see what you connect to most and what actually targets the muscle you're trying to hit, you're going to start to really grow. The last thing I can pinpoint is a real game changer that I started taking early last year was peptides. I'm already making a whole video on this. I'll link it at the top so I won't dive into it too much. But one that I did not talk about that I hadn't yet tried that ways to well, it says since prescribed me and I did it for 10 weeks and loved it was IGF1. It was glorious. If you want me to make a whole video on it, I absolutely will. So to summarize what led to these results, I fixed my insulin resistance, started eating a shitload more carbs and put myself into a slight surplus. I got rid of all the exercises that were getting dominated by all the secondary muscles that I didn't want involved at all and only did exercises that really isolated down to the muscle I was trying to hit. And finally got prescribed peptides. So no, you never need to force yourself to eat another tremble-ony sandwich again. Use peptides for the most part, they avoid that negative feedback loop. And if you haven't had a chance to check out the new App yet, I just built a whole garage program that's updated with all the exercises that I now know are better as well as updated the back by science program and there's a ppl in there and this week I'm working on a completely new program that'll make you pissed blood. Stop being a big fat disappointment. It's linked below.

=== FILE: 4 BEST Dumbbell Leg Exercises (YOU NEEDS TO TRY THESE!) [flIzRdDY8K4].txt ===

Alright, today we're going on my favorite dumbbell exercises for legs. Also throwing abs just for the hell of it. So if you're ready, untuck that bad boy and let's get after it. Alright, we're starting off with the quads. Now, no matter what my limitations are, the goal is always the same. I want to manipulate whatever exercise I'm doing, even if it's just slightly to put more of that tension on the quadriceps. So when it comes to dumbbells, your best best thing to either a split stance squat or this front squat variation, because just inherently how you have to hold those dumbbells, it's going to cause you to tilt forward and drive more of that pressure into those quads. And then for there, you should be trying to figure out how much you can push that form even further to get even more of the movement, meaning how close can you walk those feet together and still maintain driving from your heels. And just like any quad movement, it's best to take the top out of it, removing your ability to rest. And it's easy to find. Just go through that point where it's the most painful, stop for a second and go back down. You're on the right track when you're talking to people on camera. It looks like you're doing okay, but you're actually paying a little bit of blood. So recently for hamstrings, I've been doing a lot of high-wrap dumbbells stiff leg deadless, but there's a distinction we got to make because there's a huge difference between these and these. And that has to do with actually working against those dumbbells and how you shift your weight as you contract up. So instead of having those dumbbells follow a traditional path, which is straight down, you're going to drive them out in front of you on an arc. And what it's going to force you to do is drive those hip back, but most importantly, put more of an intense stretch on those hamstrings. This is what makes all the difference. Now, as you start to contract up, you're going to shift that weight into your toes, feel like you're falling forward, but you're going to use those toes to grip the floor and because you're standing up, it's going to keep your balance. And you're going to create a more intense contraction on those hamstrings. This good exercise is so tough that you don't even need a dumbbell. You can kick your own ass with just body weight alone, but because it's us and we're sick, we're going to use one. So what you're going to do is grab onto something and do a reverse lunge and keep that back foot off the ground the entire time. And your goal should be to make more of the movement happen in your hips. You can do that by leaning forward during the negative, put more stress on that glued. And as you come back, lean back, flex, engage and squeeze that glue down the way up. When you start talking about hitting calves with dumbbells, people get a little touchy. They think there's no way to hit them better than you came with machines, but here me out on this one. Now, if you're sitting there just bouncing a dumbbell off your knee, looking like you're getting ready to get interviewed by Chris Hanson, yeah, it's not going to work that well. But if you sink down and completely change as the movement, that calf is already in a stream stress position, that off leg is going to be off the ground. So there's more weight on that calf. Makes this 30 feet like a hundred. And on top of that, your hamstring is sitting around on top of that calf. So you have to contract against it. Makes the contraction that much worse. So you can pretty much throw a dumbbell into any ab exercise, and spice it up, make it that much harder. But since we hit legs today, I might show you one of my favorite knee raise variations, because it's also going to hit those hip flexures, which most people may neglect. So instead of just sitting there waiting for that lower body to come to me, I want as much activation of those abs as possible. So I'm going to crunch into the movement, but I also don't want it to feel like a static contraction. Any times like that with abs, I usually don't do them. So I want to get a little bit more movement and try to stretch those upper abs by tilting that upper body back during the negative, let them stretch, and then crunch back into it. If you haven't seen the upper body version of this, I'll link to it here. Also just another one of my favorites that's dumbbell only. But most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after a good growing. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 4 Bicep Exercises (THAT WILL SAVE YOUR LIFE!) [U13TYjWMStA].txt ===

How's that for a catchy title? All right, today we're going over four bicep exercises to finish your workout with that are definitely going to deliver some pain, but also help you make some progress. So let's get after it. So what I want to do is go over different ways. You can end your biceps and the reasons you choose those exercises because I could just easily say, hey, go grab a dumbbell and curl it till something bad happens and end the video right there. But that's not the most helpful to everybody. The first exercise is a seated drag curl. Now this is for somebody that finishes their bicep workout by going into God mode and just repenade it exercise as fast as possible. And yeah, they walk away with the great arm pump, but so as their shoulders and every other muscle on their upper body, which is not a good thing. So this allows you to take where their game, Jeannie and lock them into place so they can't cheat. They can't sway back and forth the jerk it up because they're back against the pad. There's no momentum involved because you have to stop on your legs each time and you can't bring those elbows forward because it's a drag curl. But by all means, if you do find a way to screw this up, message me because you're one talent in son of a person. This next exercise is really good for people, honestly, just like me because I have good size for them, but in comparison to the rest of my arm, they look ridiculous. It almost appears that when I was a baby, the doctor accidentally circumcised my forearms instead. Sometimes, simply the best way to finish your workout is by focusing on and trying to bring up lagging body parts because by that point, you're by a step-sure already blown up. So if you want to focus on those forearms, try to target that breaky-alice, you're going to have a lot easier time because those biceps aren't going to be able to jump in and take over. So the exercise we're doing is reverse grip, spider curl with the straight bar and crank up the intensity even more. In my case, make it more form intensive. So my friend step by making mouse watches for Christmas is during the duration of that exercise. We can hold that bar the entire time and not let it rest or even worse. Start rotating that bar in your hands to tear up those forearms even more. So I don't know about you, but sometimes my training brings out my OCD and I end up opting for an exercise to finish with, did make sure I hit that muscle from every single angle. My steps are no different. This simple is that it sounds, sometimes I opt to just grab a single handle thrown on the cable machine and start by doing curls with that shoulder turned in. And then once I fail, I line my body up straight up with the machine and keep squeezing that whatever reps I can. And then I finish by opening up that shoulder where I can use these squeeze out a few more. And this is all in a attempt to start at that long head. Work all the way around to that short head to ensure that every part of that bicep got the work it needs to grow. So sometimes choosing the best exercise to finish off with as simple as walking over the dumbbell rack, peeing on it to claim it as your own and just doing a ridiculously long drop set. It's not the most polite thing in the world, but we'll work on that later. One thing at a time. So if you're watching this channel, then you're probably going to do it. Probably just as messed up as me. So I want to pose a question to you because obviously I have to film videos that people are searching for like body parts specific workouts. But it'd be fun to everyone's while I go and craze this and buy one of those old school all in one workout machines and see how hard it is to get a workout on there or go on Amazon and buy the chances to fitness products and see how long it takes me to break them. Just throw into my ideas out there. Let me know. So if you like this video, you're going to watch these two next. But most importantly, as always, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it. Get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 4 Chest Exercises YOU SHOULD BE DOING! [xtUmMyHWphc].txt ===

I've had a few people last for it so today we're hitting chest. So if you're ready, let's get after those man boobs. Hand warmers, chesticles, bezooms? Is that, that sounds right. Bezooms. All right, so we're starting off with a barrel press, which is basically just a hybrid between a fly and a press, but thinking it's going to change this movement into one that you don't forget a week for now is we're going to hold the stretch at the bottom for three seconds. And what that allows us to do is not only get a nice deep stretch and tear those fibers up even more, but more importantly than that, it keeps us from doing what I'm sure you're guilty of as well as as to get heavy and pressing movement, I certainly check and that thing up and down. So it forces you really tilt that chest and the right position. Pitch so shoulder blades together, open those shoulders up to keep them out of the equation and then flex your chest through the movement. And it's called a barrel press for a reason. So you're going to be to get those elbows at 90 degrees, flexing straight up and that little bit of extra at the top is where you're going to bring them together, contract, and then back around. So back where we're all forced to quarantine, I didn't have all this that it was just me, my van and the river. I started doing a lot more of these decline press dips and they tore me up. So much so the first time I did these, it's all I did. And it'll work out planned. But then I started with these and about two sets in, I was like, holy. I got such a great pump and it had been a ridiculous amount of sets and just bearing up the width of my hands and the range of motion because unlike normal dips where you're just fighting your triceps taken over the entire time, those elbows are flared out and it's all chest. And the reason I'm using the bench on these is because it puts you at the perfect angle. Yeah, you can do dips just hanging out of the bar, but you're forced to contract your abs, you're legging and drifting front of you and those anterior delts are just going to jump in and eat up the entire movement. This way you can arts that back, get that chest, just push that in front, drive from your chest and then on top of that when you start to fail, you get a little more assistance and you can push beyond failure. I know I broke my golden rule. Don't take your shirt off, you're going to look like a douche, but it was so dark in that corner. I wanted to show you that as you're driving up, you're going to want to actually flex forward too, so you're going to put more pressure on that chest and less on that anterior delts. Alright, next up we got flies. Now I'm showing a few of these in the past, but in the spurred of just kicking our own ass today because I'm treating this just like a workout, we're going to do a ridiculous amount of volume. So we're doing high, medium and low. Now I count this as just one complete set. Obviously, it's three different exercises, but I'm counting it as one set, almost one exercise because I'm going back to back to back. There is no rest. And I can't emphasize this enough because I see it all the time. I get so pissed. I must have assured somebody one time. Make sure that shoulder doesn't dominate the movement. You catch your anterior delts coming past your chest. It's either too heavy or just mentally screwed up. A couple of physiological triggers you can use to make sure you don't screw this up. It's make sure those shoulders are back and down. You elongate that neck and tilt that head slightly forward. That'll make sure you can't flex those traps and bring those shoulders into it. But at that point, those shoulders are already so far behind your chest that you'd have to be talented to screw this up. The maintenance 20 reps of each. So in the spirit of that last video, we're going to fish with some dumbbell pullovers, but we're going to pre-exhaust that chest first to make you really connect with it. Also that last video was amazing. Not anything I said, but the stories of people who reached out just blew me away. People will beat drug addiction, cancer, fighting through depression. I mean, it's easy to go through life and everything goes right. But when you don't know if you're going to make it through the end of the day and you do, congratulations. You're the hero of your own story. On that note, if you're training by yourself like me, throw these under your feet. So the way we're going to pre-exhaust is with that single dumbbell, we're going to do cough and presses. Flare those elbows out, 20 reps there and then right into pullovers. And with the pullovers, make sure you don't bend that arm too much. If you do, it's going to jump into your lap. So keep a fairly straight arm, stretch back to the point. Really feel that chest stretch. And then contract that chest up and to get even more of the movement. Don't just pull it up. I want you to feel like you're pushing away from your body and contracting that chest, forcing that dumbbell away. Now I know everybody's not a fan of pullovers. Because you don't want to get that direct connection like you do with the fly or press, but I find if you drop those hips, you get an incredible stretch. And at the end of the workout, it's probably just as if not more important than doing some other exercise. It really connects with the chest. So if you didn't catch that last video, here's a link to it. See if it gets you motivated. Also another one of my favorite chest workouts. And as always, most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Dr. Lucian.

=== FILE: 4 Dumbbell Biceps Exercises (FOR SERIOUS GROWTH!!) [14jKxkUgPCs].txt ===

Oh, we got a big day today because the two most common messages I get from people are bro, your jokes are dark. Honestly, nothing I can do about that. I'm broken. The other one is how do I get bigger arms? That one I can fix. So today we're going to hit Biceps. We're going dumbbells only because even in Arizona where you can walk in the grocery store where you're junkin' one hand, a gun in the other and no one says shit, you still can't go to the gym. So if you're ready, let's get after it. It's safe to assume you don't have a full set of dumbbells just sitting around because why would you? Good news is, you don't need them. I'm going to use 20s, maybe 25s, that's it. So in the name of the game today, it's really cranky up the intensity of each exercise by slowing down that negative, doing a static hole, doing super sets, or completely changing the angle of the exercise itself. Good news with that is those intensifiers will lead to a lot better results than just upping the weight. So when I start with when I talk about before but we can make it even harder. So you're going to set up like a normal curl, palm supinated towards the ceiling, and as you start to go in that negative part of the movement, you're going to lean back and put more pressure from gravity. But the key here, don't let that arm extend all the way out. If you do, pressure goes right to the elbow, you lose none of the body set. So keep a slight bend, you're going to hold three seconds in the bottom of that movement. So static hole for three seconds, just keep that pressure and then I just start to contract up and you're going to lean into it, making it a harder contraction, and then hold three seconds at the top. So from there, it's just three seconds set. I get the bottom and at the top, trust me, this one sucks. All right, next up, we got a compound set, or you can even categorize this as a mechanical drop, because what we're going to do is an inclined curl, and on these like air in the side of being too far back, because when I open up those shoulders, I want to put that bicep on an island all by itself. The one thing I noticed, if you're too straight up and down, only slightly lean back, that shoulder can jump in and you can screw it up. So air in the side of being too far back, and what we're going to do is incline curls, and pushing that to failure, and then right from there, we're doing a drag curl. So nice part about this, there's no rep range. You do incline curls until you're just toast, and then from there, you do some ugly extraags. You guys know I love cables for biceps, but there's one exercise that you've got to commit to a whole new level of douchebaggery to do, because it's one thing to take up the cable cross over and do chest flies and take up two damn machines at once, but it's another thing to go walk in front of it and do bicep curl standing like this, staring in the mirror, even I throw them in the mouth a little bit as I'm doing them. But promise it work really well. What we can do with that though, to take that same concept here on biceps, put the bench up a little bit, open up those shoulders, and then just sit there and curl against it. Same type of feel, less douchebaggery. All right, let's finish up our beaten up that break balance. So what you're going to do is take a sliding on that bench, lean against it, but instead of doing just straight hammer curls, which bile means works pretty damn well. What you're going to do is get that wrist involved, and you'll see the contraction get that much better. So as you go down, you're going to pronate it, put that hand towards the bench, as you come up, supinated up, and you can see that a little bit of twist, as where you really get that break down to fire even more. I think grave is bad choice. As always, like subscribe at the notification bell. If you want to keep going on this dumbbell series, let me know. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 4 Dumbbell Shoulder Exercises For MASSIVE DELTS! [sUFK271Pblk].txt ===

Today we're hitting shoulders and we're going all dumb bells for those still stuck at home, but there's just a couple of things we want to go over as well. And because I'm feeling like last time I told today, we'll go set some reps in the description. Let's get down for it. Now we all know the drop sets are in credible way to crank up the intensity, but the cool thing about side laterals is they lend themselves to be a perfect candidate for a sending set. Because what you can do is start that lighter weight, keep that perfect form, fatigue the muscle, get it to fail, and then as you get heavier and heavier, get a little sloppy with that form. And you're still going to have a great connection that lateral head because it's by that point. You got so much blood that muscle, you're not going to lose anywhere else. If you do lose in your traps, that means that that lateral head is completely dead or your form is so awful that you need to look at your side laterals and just in general and see what's wrong with them. Now if a sending set's more bad enough, as you get through those heavier weights, we're going to slow down the negative. So three count negative, four count if you can handle it, and make sure you watch yourself in the mirror. Make sure you're catching that weight with your dealt and not letting those shoulders roll forward and that trap jump in. A small percentage of people can't do side laterals with a neutral grip. To start to flex it up, it's going to sound like a cheap a selector set and it's just not in the cards form. So what you can do is go thumb up, but make sure you don't just come up straight out to the side because at that point that shoulders opened up it's too much anterior down. So make sure you come back a little bit in angle and at that point worst case scenario, it's a little posterior down, but it's still a lot of lateral head. I'm a huge fan of wide grip upright rose, because if done correctly, that's more like a side lateral than anything else, but couple stipulations. First being no matter what form you take, the elbow should always be the highest point. And the second thing is, always modify the exercise just to hair to where that finishing part of the contraction ends in that posterior dealt. And the nice part about dumbbells is you're able to add another dimension to the movement by bringing those hands in at the bottom. And the way we're going to do this particular variation is by starting those hands with a lack position. And then as you bring those arms out to the side to come up in that wide grip upright row, and so just coming straight up, we're going to do this come up in an arching motion. And as you get towards the top, you're going to pull back and then finish that contraction off in those rear doubts. If you've got a body part that's lagging behind, the best thing you can do is go unilateral, lighten up the way a little bit, and find the best ways to really stretch it, can track that muscle. And tear doubts are no different. I know a lot of people like to press it a little weight, but usually their form is just got off. It's a very short shallow movement, unless you're pretty disposed of that, then you're going to have to do that. And then you're going to have to do that. And then you're going to have to do that. And then you're going to have to do that. And then you're going to have to do that. Shallow movement, unless you're pretty disposed of having great interior doubts, that's not going to do much for you. So with these, I want you to get your body involved. Rock, back and forth, they increase the range of motion, but also the difficulty. So at the bottom of movement, you're going to lean back, really increase that stretch on the doubt. And as you drive it up, you're going to lean forward and make that dot work through a more difficult path. How we're gonna finish those delts off and blow them up with a super set now because I think everybody needs better rear delts. The first exercise is gonna be bent over rear flies but once you try three different positions with those hands and see what's best for you. One thumbs up, the other one neutral grip and the last one pronated. This because you're only using dumbbells doesn't mean you can't do my favorite exercise which is bus drivers, it's just a smaller shidier wheel. Make sure you like, subscribe, and notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get growing. Talk you soon.

=== FILE: 4 Exercises YOU SHOULD BE DOING To BUILD MUSCLE! [LzmFEajYW8k].txt ===

All right, today we're going to have a more than most unrated exercises because let's face it, life's full of overrated experiences. I mean, think back to when you're a young man and your whole goal in life was centered around the fact that you were just hoping a woman would touch your penis. And then the day finally came to get you first H.J. and you quickly realized after she smashed your junk into what resembled a sin of un, probably not what you thought it was going to be. In fact, you couldn't have done a better job yourself. So in the spirit of that, let's go over some exercises that X-E-R is good as advertised. Let's get after it. So if you were done any standing hyper extensions or the ones where you put your butt up against the wall of talking about in the previous video, you've been humble. You got about five reps in before you cramped up, a tear came to your eye and you said, screw it up and done. You quickly realized why you can only pick up a few of your kids toys before you feel like you're going to shit out of disk. That's because the primary way we train those structural muscles in our back is by holding a static contraction and moving a shit load of weight in a good deadlift. But I feel like that misses out a really important aspect of training those muscles. And then it's being able to safely and efficiently disengage and re-engage those muscles that will. And this exercise is the most horrible way to do that. So the way you're going to set this up is by having the slight bend in those knees and pushing your butt back, which is ultimately going to shift the way to your heels. And the name of the game on this is flexion and extension. Now, one important note at no point during this movement are we actually rolling the weight up. We are going to engage those round boards up or back at the top, but you only need to slight bend and you're able to do that. So don't screw it up by trying to rose away. And the bottom of this movement is really center-run exaggerated in the stretch. So make sure you flare those lats at that back naturally roll forward. And when you start the contraction, think about flexing from the bottom all the way up. So engage that lower back first, move into those lower part of your lats, into those lower and mid traps. And then finish up by hitting those rhomboids and then even into those rear delts. Also keep in mind this is really a light movement. If you haven't done this before, I would simply just use the bar and hold two kind of the top and the bottom. That way you can ensure you can safely go through it. But also because it's harder to go slower. All right, next up we got one of the most underrated exercises for biceps and it's actually for your break-yallus. And before you say, I don't want to do a stupid break-yallus exercise, you're wrong. You absolutely do. Let me just see if I can relate it back to something that hits home a little bit more. Think about the last time you went on a hot date. You knew before you went on that date, there's a specific pair of pants you're going to wear because it really accentuated your bulge. And let's be honest, 50% of that thing is balls. They really probably are a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of some сам dessa thing. Wow. OK. Well, like I said, I took about four pounds. Eight kilograms to four centimeters. Oops, Jeff. So we didn't talk about others and that either, but I knew I was interested in a thousand of, that little thing andthink that you know, right? This would help as much muscles as the bigger calf Yeah. So I got about five times. That way it would be the most positive part because you're going to ask you to do those wrists on the way up because why the hell not? And as you go into the negative, make sure you lock it all the way out because you're going to feel just as much tension at the top. As you do at the bottom, and I guarantee this can be the most pain you've ever felt in the balls of your biceps in your life. So I wanted to go over this next underrated exercise because in terms of chest training, I feel like most people will get complacent. And if you ever see one of my favorite dumbbell chest exercises, where you press those dumbbells together, and so much like a scoop flies you come up and you drive that elbow in at the top, it's largely derived from the fact that I'm too much of an asshole to have friends and I didn't have YouTube growing up. So I had to make up shit, but also from this exercise. And what differentiates this from a simple low cable flies, one we're going to do immune laterally. It's the only way to ensure you get an equal contraction on both sides. You focus on one side at a time, you take the off hand, you grab your boob, and you make sure you get equal engagement. Now the second thing is just like that dumbbell movement, we're going to flare the elbow out and as you come up. So at the bottom you flare it out, as you come up you drive the arm along your body and try to drive the elbow towards your sternum at the top. It's going to engage more of the inner and lower part of your chest. So there's quite a few exercises that by themselves are decent, but when you start to use your body to work against it and actually make it harder in yourself, it goes from being decent to wholly hell it's underrated exercise. And this shoulder example is one of my favorites. And that's taking a traditional front raise and add in a few modifications. The first one is before we even start the movement, when we press those dumbbells together. And you're going to notice right away there's a different level engagement out of those shoulders. Now we're going to widen those knees out because as we come down, we're going to lean back and increase the stretch on those delts and what really screws us is as we contract up, we're going to lean forward and make it that much harder. Now we've turned this decent exercise into one hell of an exercise, into a f*** my life exercise, into a f*** f*** whole f*** ball is f*** exercise. And if you have an ongoing list of underrated things, I add to that baked goods, parks at a Utah and anytime you have the opportunity to take off lottery clothes before you take a shit and feel free to add to the list in the comments below. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, it's a dollar a day. Also, if you like to California this weekend to buy some more equipment, so we can do a full equipment version of that program. It's going to suck too. And if you haven't got a chance to check out these videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly, subscribe and hit the notification bell. You can get out through and get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 4 Exercises You're Doing Wrong! [o6YFMoH3lis].txt ===

All right, today we're going through four exercises that everybody does wrong. So if you're sitting at home frustrated because your body looks less like it's been chisel without stone and more like it came out of a shitty easy big oven, this is probably why. Let's get after it. All right, exercise number one, the seated cable row. Now typically people do this by putting the entire stack on there and lean it back and just tug it away. Sometimes even get a little legs involved, which is commendable because if you're going to completely screw up an exercise towards unrecognizable, why not turn into a full body workout? Good job. And there's a lot we can try to focus on in fix, but the most important thing is just using less of your biceps because when you're yanking that weight with a blind rage because your dad never told you you loved you, a lot of that movement's being wasted on your biceps because you have to restart the contraction every time and you're getting less in your back. But it's actually an easy fix because as you're going in the negative, if you stop three cores the way down and don't let that arm fully extend, it's going to force those lads to flare out, stretch more, which is going to lead to a better contraction. Downside though is you might not get as toned as you would with that fucked up full body workout you were done before. Alright, let's stick with back for exercise number two and talk about hyper extensions because you can still get great results if you do these consistently incorrectly. But nowhere near as good as if you did in the moist sweet little baby Jesus intended. And the way that most people do this is they hold a static contraction, usually a shit little weight and try to arch their back and drive their head up their own ass. Probably the worst I've seen is somebody who had 225 on a bar and I often don't root against people. It's a rarity that I do but this guy, I caught myself rewatching the same video hoping that this time he would break in half. I think you're always better served using little to no weight and exaggerating the flexion and extension of that back. That's why reverse hypers are such an amazing exercise because whether people know it or not, that's exactly what they're doing. But we can do the same thing here by holding that trunk in place and flexing forward by contracting those abs and then extending up and hitting those director spiny muscles. And if you don't feel comfortable doing this, just do the cat and camel on the ground before you do. And if you do that, you're a creep and you can do this. Exercise number three, let's talk about crunches because the same exact principles apply. More often than not, you'll see people hold that static contraction and get very little movement and maybe they just have big dreams that I don't know about. And they think if they stay in that position, eventually one day they'll be able to blow themselves and I'm not here showing them their dreams. But if you're more activation of those abs, you gotta get some extension to really stretch those abs and you can even do this at home. Just tilt back and then extend back your abs will actually force you to contract forward and you can easily ruin your day sitting and sharing your house. I exercise number four, let's talk about stiff legs or Romanian des because this is one that everybody gets right, but they end up taking it way too far. I like this kid a new growing up was a phenomenal guy, great to hang out with, but eventually he get way too drunk and I'm shooting in somebody's house. But not in a hallway or a sink because even that's acceptable, being a random spot. Like you know, the ceramic jars that every mom has to say cookies on it with cute little pictures of cookies, he would shit in there. But nobody will know about it so we have to stop the party set up a search team because last thing we want to do is explain your friend's mom why they're shit in our cookie jar. The problem is the initial part of the contraction is all hamstrings, but as you progress with the movement, you're upshifting more emphasis on your glutes and if you're really screw up it'll go in your lower back. But this is a quick and easy fix. Just take inventory as you're going through the movement and see where that sweet spot is for you. My sweet spot I mean that point where you hamstring say shit and you gotta go back down. That's your sweet spot. Because it's nice to have an exercise that has that poster chain from your glutes down. But I find the best results come when you get really hyper targeted. This can definitely be that for hamstrings when you stop coming up too high and shooting in the cookie jar. If you haven't got a chance to check out the new 30 day full gym program, I'll leave that link below or maybe if you're stuck at home and you need the garage program that also be linked below. Same thing. 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. If you need bigger biceps I'd watch this one because who doesn't want bigger biceps. If you need help with your diet, my box that one. But most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Doctor you soon.

=== FILE: 4 Glute Exercises To Fix Your PANCAKE A＊＊!! [4c1CYsnObAI].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting glutes and as much as you don't want to hear another man tell you at a flexure butt cheeks, you need help. So let's get after it. I can't overstate how important it is to develop those glutes. They're involved in everything from dead lifts to squads to walk and lunges. Even lifts you don't think about like men over rows. Anytime you hinge those hips, those glutes are involved. If they're underdeveloped, you're going to pay the price, which usually means your form is going to go to sh** it. Now, a good test is throw 45 pound bar in your back squat down. And if that's not your happy place, and you can't sit there and make your kids sack lunches, then they're not a strength. They're a weakness. I'm not saying your eventual goal should be to travel the world and use those cheeks to crack wall on some stage, but they definitely should be a priority. I know from me personally, everyone's in a while thrown an entire day that's just exclusively glutes. Yeah, screws at my whole training routine, but I know the long run, it's worth it. Think about it this way. Say your mind in your own business, just taking a stroll through an alley and out of nowhere, a bunch of dudes jump you. Wouldn't it be nice to know that you don't have to stress? You can just look at them and say, good luck. I can hold this flex all day. We're starting out with a dumbbell variation because when people say, you know, I can't do that lift because after a while, it jumps into my back. Usually isn't a lower back issue. Usually what it is, this is glutes aren't strong enough to maintain that form throughout the entire lift. It starts to break down, goes into that lower back. So we're going to tack that head on by doing a hybrid between a good morning and a squat. So the way you're going to set this up is have that dumbbell nice and high back straight feet set up like a sumo squat and your entire body's going to work in conjunction. So as you start to tilt forward, you're going to drive back in a 45 degree angle with those glutes. Those knees are going to drive out. And then once you get to the bottom, you don't just sit there and try to lean back. You're going to use those glutes, engage them and flex and that's what's going to bring you up. So if you're able to make your own makeshift land mindset up at home, you've got a ton of options. You can do single legs, stiffs, you've got kneeling, donkey kicks, which I'm not going to show you the kneeling version because I can already see the complaints in the comments. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, I will gladly let my wife stick a finger up my ass, but I will not kneel for an exercise. So instead, I'll show you the standing version. And as long as you have something to help stabilize you, it works even better. So the way you're going to set this up is center of bench perpendicular to that land line about a foot away. And then from there, it's just about bending that knee, putting that bar right above that calf and leaning slightly forward to stabilize yourself in the bench. I'll be surprised if that glute on the off leg hurts just as bad as the one you're working. Because that stabilizing leg is going to hurt like a b-m. So it seemed like a lot of people like that were first lines variation. I showed a couple of videos ago where you have a single dumbbell, you're holding on the rack, you haven't seen a link to it above. But if you weren't born with the most gifted coordination, probably not the exercise for you. On the other hand, this land-line version is a better option because you can use that land line to help you balance. That way you can focus on actually putting pressure on that glute instead of just trying not to fall in your ass. The other benefit is the landline itself is going to promote good form. So as you're going to that negative, it's going to drive all that pressure under your working side. As you're coming up, it's going to force you to rotate over top of that glute. And if all else fails, take it back to basics. Throw some weight on that squat bar and set it for low bar squats and hold the bottom for three, five seconds, whatever you can take. You know you're on the right track when you're sitting at the bottom and it feels like it doesn't hold leg press. You could just kick somebody across a room. A couple of quick things. I've had people last about the ring I wear, so I'll link that below also if you're crazy enough to take the 30-day challenge. Good luck. I'll also link that below. And most importantly, if you haven't seen it yet, here's another video on glutes. Also just another one of my favorites. Make sure to subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 4 Sets That Will Build SERIOUS MUSCLE [N0L602n1M9w].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to have a four sets that will help you build some serious muscle. Let's get after it. What the hell you doing? So I saw a video recently on junk volume and I was taken back because that's the opposite of what I believe. I think those ridiculously high rep sets are the key to building muscle because they teach you how to train. And before you say you can only train like this if you're on TRT or taking PDs or you pay the hooker to blow, create a team up your ass. That's false. It should always be your goal to push yourself as hard as you can possibly. Then it's up to you to listen to your body. If you have to use a rascal to get around the grocery store, maybe take a day off. So let me go with the four sets that transform the way I left and hopefully it does the same for you. The first one is a drop set on Hacksquat. This one taught me what it really means to fail. Now I've done drops sets in the Hacksquat before, but this particular day, my body and I decided we're going to hurt ourselves. And the rule was that if you lock out your knees, you can punch in the dick fairly reasonable punishment. Even when we forced out that last rep before we dropped the weight, we couldn't lock it out. We had to sit there and flex as hard as we could. But what I didn't know and soon realized is when you push yourself to complete failure, your legs don't work anymore. That sled slowly starts to crush you and only when weight stripped off, can you force out a few more reps? That day I learned there's different degrees of failure. Level one is, oh my muscle doesn't work anymore. Maybe I should stop and take a rest. That day was level baby deer. And if I didn't pay attention when I stepped off a curb, it would take my life. Next, aha moment I had from extreme set was actually born on a frustration. I was training biceps like everybody else grabbing the straight bar, doing sets of 10 after that first set, I went up and weight and I kept going up. But I couldn't figure out why every set after just didn't feel good. It was less and less connected. Finally I was so frustrated. I said I'm going to go to the cable machine and grab that fucking easy bar attachment and do curls until my arms fall off. I got to about 30 reps and then my biceps lit on fire, but I didn't set the weight down. I just took a couple deep breaths and I kept going. 15 and then 10 and then 5 and then I prayed a little baby Jesus and then forced out 5 more until I got all the way to 100. I woke at the next morning and I couldn't even straighten my arms and I realized most muscle fitness magazines are full of shit. The secret to bigger arms is not four sets of 10. It's finally exercise. You really connect with and pushing yourself to complete failure. Remember when I first found out about rest-possets? It was a joyous day. The only thing I got equated to was 7th grade when I found out that there was naked women online and all I had to do was search form. And I felt like they were there just for me and if I didn't find them all, they'd feel bad about themselves. I felt the exact same way about rest-possets that I had to try them on every single exercise. But one day I realized I'd never done what deadless and that was a shitty day because I quickly learned up to that point, I'd been half-ass in my back workouts because the moment my back started to tighten up, my brain would jump in and say, this isn't safe. Let's finish this rep and go to some McDonald's franchise. And for those of you who are from the other rest-possets, you're going to pick a weight you can do for a certain number of reps. In this case, I was shooting for 15 but you don't stop when you get to 15. You go to a complete failure. If you pick too light and you got 24, that sucks. If you pick too heavy and you got 9, that also sucks. Once you fail, you take a few deep breaths, you go again, you do that one more time and that entire thing is one set. And when you do that with something like deadlips, you learn that your body's capable of a lot more. If you can shut the bullshit off in your mind. In the last set, I want you to attempt this for legs again and it sounds simple but for anybody who's taking one of the programs, they know it sticks out and sucks the most. It's 180 walking lunges. I know that sounds simple but the caveat is, there's no rest. You can't step those feet together, you're going to walk through every single lunge, no stopping until you get to 180 awful reps. The lesson here is your body quickly adapts to anything you throw at it because I guarantee the first time you try it, you'll get around 70, your meat out so it will blow up and you'll take a dirt nap. Next, two, three times, you'll get stuck at around 90 and four degrees in that fifth time, something clicks and you can carry your husky ass through all 180 reps. So what are these sets of two for you in terms of belly muscle? Not much. In the short term, what they really do is reset your body's tolerance for pain. So the next time you feel like you're really pushing yourself, pull one of these sets out and you'll realize you got a lot more to give. And if you didn't check out the last video or one of the science of how you should be training your legs, I'll link that here and if you need somebody to hold your hand and kick your ass with some of the e-sets, I'll link the programs below but most importantly, like subscribe, hit the notification bell and get after you get grown. Dr. You soon.

=== FILE: 5 BEST Rear Delt Exercises (FAILPROOF!) [kmbzQJoRMUU].txt ===

Well, since nobody asked me to do this, I felt obligated to make this list. And you shouldn't have taken wide-rudells. This is because half the world is walking around with half their shoulder. It's a bit of an epidemic. So I'm going to say it's turning into a goddamn pants. So the real title of this list should be the top five exercises for rear delts that you can't screw up, even if you train like an asshole. Because let's face it. Training rudellts is difficult. And I'm sure you're just like me and every time you do, takes you right back to losing your virginity because it's the same thing. Just like you had to find a woman that felt sorry enough for you. You have to find exercise that your lack mobility and dysfunctional bio mechanics can't screw up. And when you were ready to get after it, you had to make sure you were actually ready to get after it. Because the last thing you wanted to be known for is trying to shove your marshmallow into the keyhole for ten minutes. Same thing with rudellts. I have to make sure that your shoulders are back and down. Your traps are out of it. Your lap doesn't engage and your rudellts is actually the thing that's firing. And even when you're in the process of losing your virginity, you learn some things that you didn't think you were going to learn. Like I really should watch what I eat before I do this because my stomach is torn up. I don't know if I'm going to finish or violently shit everywhere, but either way it's going to feel great. And just like rudellts, things can go off the rails really quick. You can have a great connection. Next thing you know, feel like you had a stroke. All that to say, you're guaranteed to get a great connection from these exercises. But either way, you should always keep that bottle tight. Alright, the first unfuckable exercise is the one that I don't even know the name of it. It's the one we put the barbell behind you. You bend over and flex straight back. Now the reason this one's so great is because even if you go too heavy, you're still going to have a great connection. Now preferably you'd be able to go lighter, flex straight up right above your ass. But either way, still going to work. Now the other benefit is hand placement is really a place. It's really a preference more than anything else. Some people are going to connect better with that pronated overhand grip. Other people like myself, supinated because it already opens up that shoulder. Flexes the rudellt from the start and from there it just goes from bad to worse. Alright, next up we have angline rudellt focused around the world. And these are the same benefit as the last one because even when you take that lightweight out to the side, squeeze and gauge that rudellt and then pull the weight around, that's rivaled pretty equally by what looks like those arm circles. You didn't six grade P class to warm up your shoulders before. Your chubby ass head to go run a mile. Same thing, both of them work, both are going to tear up those posterior delts. Alright, next up, let's go over one for the person of the gym that gets just as distracted by the leggings they see. As they do looking at themselves because with this one, don't think if you're not screwed up is tuck your chin and put your head on the pad. From there, take a supinated grip and just flex those dumbbells from your side straight back. I don't care if you can't help yourself when you start looking the pad doesn't matter. You're not going to mess this up. But the next exercise we can take that same concept over to cables and what's crazy to me is I've never seen anybody do this variation. But if I asked you right now to flex your reared l, you probably would just go, try to squeeze it back. That's what this exercise is. What the fuck, right? And the way you set this up is put that cable at i level and contract down at a 45 degree angle. And yeah, you're going to get some engagement of that tricep, but not as much because it arm is in a fixed position. So that tricep is going to be an aesthetic contracts in the entire time. And that's nowhere near as painful as the fiery death that's going on your reared out because the true beauty of this exercise is the only thing that can happen at the end of the contraction is a fully flexed reared out. So this last one technically isn't exercise. You can do for sets, reps and get results, but that's not the way I like to think about it or use it. I used it either pre exhaust or unfuck an exercise I don't connect with. And that's by taking a band like this, doing 30 reps and then going right in that exercise. And I don't care how bad your mind muscle connection was before. You will instantly screw yourself in a good way by pushing someone's blood in that reared out that no matter what exercise you do after you're going to have a connection, whether you like it or not. There you have it five exercises that you can't screw up if you wanted to. Now normally ask people to like subscribe and do all that this one. I'm sure you know at least one person with little to no word doubts. No need to say anything. Just send it to them. Don't figure it out. And if you haven't got a chance kick your ass with a full gym or garage program, I'll leave a link in description. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. You need more help with your shoulders. I'll leave two videos here, but most importantly subscribe because apparently there's a million other assholes just like you, which is fucking awesome.

=== FILE: 5 Dumbbell Shoulder Exercises (THAT WILL BLOW UP THOSE DELTS!!) [rVkI0GSSVMg].txt ===

All right, we're back with dumbbells only and today we're hitting shoulders, which is a pretty damn important day. So if you don't want your wife to leave you or your kids to get hooked on basalts, I'd pay attention. So over the years, I'm going to notice one of the hardest muscles for people to connect with is that lateral head, which is incredibly important. Gushing that nice roundness that fullness really caps that dealt off. And I'm no different. I can't just walk up to a dumbbell rack and do side ladders and expect my traps not to jump in or if I slip like shit the night before my neck not to stroke out. So the best thing I found is really to prime that side dealt by doing partial reps and then get in the full range of motion. I like through this two separate ways. First way is with parcels at the bottom of the movement. Now this should be perfectly fine for anybody with shoulder issues because we're going to open up that wrist, supinate that palm forward, which is going to open up that shoulder. And then instead of going directly out to the side, which could get that anterior dealt to jump in, we're going to go back in a 45 degree angle. So at the very worst, you're going to get that posterior dealt involved. Anybody that says they have overdeveloped rear delts is full of shit. It must be above a giant gap with rear delts should be. And this is a very slow controlled movement with the static hold of the top. So you're coming out to the side, three second hold, and then back down. Make sure you try to disengage that deli second, let it relax, and then re-engage to start the contraction. The other way is by doing partial reps at the top of the movement. And these sucks so bad that I'm going to be going to use 10 pounds and it's going to look fake. But the struggle is real. Also, I'm a honey badger. So I'm going to go beyond what most people will feel is a safe range of motion, pushing beyond parallel, keeping my palm down the entire time. And if you're not okay with that, you're not comfortable, completely understand. Turn that thumb up, shorten the range of motion, stay below parallel, the choice is yours. You just get some weird flashback and ledges of the hidden table. May do. If your side deli's are blown up by now, you're also broken. Welcome to the club. I love about you. My four-month side ladder was always changes. I don't know if it's just because I'm bored, but what it feels like is I'm trying to hit a moving target because what I connect with the best always changes. So recently, I've been getting a lot of stupid extra wasted movement involved, but it really has helped. Because what I'm doing is I'm rotating those wrists in a way up, feels like a machine side ladder. It looks like it's a waste of time, but really what it does is it leads those elbows, to start the contraction, and make sure that those are the highest point as I can track up. By listening to the interior delts next, because we're having nothing left after the disgusting sets we're doing for rear delts. As simple as it sounds, one of the best ways I found really hit those front delts is by doing a front raise with a lightweight 15 pounds, but making a couple modifications. The first one being is instead of coming directly to your side, you're going to bring that weight between your legs, which is going to help keep it out of your trap, but also put a little more stress on that front delt, and as you start to get into that stretch, you're going to lean back to the point where you see that front delt relax, that way when you re-engage it, you're going to lean forward to making contraction even harder. Our finishing up with rear delts, doing a tricep going back to back to back, later on the exercises based upon difficulty, so there's no need to rest in between just suffer through the entire set. Starting that with rotation, so elbows tucked to your side, rotating those shoulders, facing contraction out from those rear delts, right into a straight arm rear delt fly. Now this is where you have to decide what the best range of motion is for you. For me, I felt fine doing a full range. If it jumps into your traps, try parcels at the top of the bottom, and then go right into parcels at the top, palms down, real short range of motion, just peeking out that contraction. So as always, like, subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next, and remember, that's all it's for bad. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 5 INNER Tricep Exercises For THICKER Arms (DON'T SKIP THESE!) [zj9r0I5Ter4].txt ===

Alright, today we're in the inner part of your triceps, the long head. Which makes up a majority of that arm. Really, it's the difference between having a nice horseshoe, but your arms 13 inches and having big, girthy arms that really roused the geriatric ladies up. So if you're ready, let's get after. Now, obviously with close grip bench, you can feel that longening gauge as you initiate the movement. But as you start to drive through and face that contraction off, you can feel that tension shift over in the lateral head. Now, if you're risking handling it and you're willing to risk your life a little bit, making a reverse grip, doing a reverse grip press will keep all that focus in the long head. So to avoid any exphyxiation, I didn't pay somebody for, I'll sit the opposite way in the bench. That way when I'm dead tired, I'm racking the weight. I'm not racking it towards my neck, with just my fingertips holding the bar. I can rack it away from me. Also, this is something I keep light 20, but usually 30 reps, and I'm just blowing those inner triceps out. That's a little too risky for you. You've got a wife, kids, just not about that life. You could use dumbbells, but you're going to need some heavy dumbbells. Also you're going to be fighting your wrists the entire time because you're going to naturally want to rotate back in to more of a neutral grip. So you're going to deal with that. A better option is just drop that bar down and do a reverse grip pushups on the bar. And I like these even better than the dumbbell version because you're a little high off the ground. You can kind of adjust it and find that perfect spot for you. So as you drive up, you're almost into more of a dip position. And if you keep your hips nice and low and just work that upper body, you can put even more pressure than the dumbbell version because you can drive up higher and back more. Let me take a second to thank Roman for sponsoring this video because right now is an awful time to get help for any sort of common men's health condition. And if you're dealing with something as serious, it feels like a life and death like a rectal dysfunction, you want treatment ASAP. And honestly, you've been stuck at home for so long. Even though if the damn thing works anymore, if I was single, that'd be my biggest fear. So I've been right on somebody having a great connection, starting at hot and heavy, dropped my pants and then having to plea with my junk to cooperate. Why you even deal with that when you got a company like Roman? Now you can show up to the date with a raging boner. That'll leave an impression. My friends at Roman spent years building a digital platform that can connect you and a doctor licensed your state all from the company your own home. Just grab your phone or a computer and complete a free online visit and you'll hear back from a US license physician within 24 hours. And maybe it's the times we're living in or I'm just a sucker for an nostalgia, but I missed a day's money didn't even need alarm clock. Every morning I was woken up by painful painful erections. If a doctor decides treatment's right for you, Roman's pharmacy can ship your medication to you with free two-day shipping and you also get free unlimited files for your doctor. Any time you have questions or you want to adjust your treatment plan. So stop trying to ship a marshmallow keyhole because with Roman, there's no commitments and you can't sell any time. So if you're struggling with ED, go to get Roman.com slash Ryan for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. So in a perfect world, we would just grab a straight bar, supinate those hands and flex it all the way down. But problem is that most people, myself and clear don't have the shoulder and wrist flexibility. I haven't been able to do that since I was a 14-year-old girl. So this bar is going to be your new best friend. And there's definitely a right way to use this handle because if you grab in two close as you flex down, you'll notice that shoulder is going to rotate on you and just get more of that lateral head. So what you can do is tuck those elbows in as much as possible and grab as wide as possible so no matter what happens, as you flex down, there's no way for that shoulder rotate. It just stays open the entire time and it targets that inner tricep more. And there's two ways to use this handle. The first is by lightning the weight and leaning back because if you try to stay straight up and down, problem is as you can track down to finish that rep off, you actually feel like you have to press away from your body and you never want that on cables. If you're doing a press, that's great. But on cables, you always want to feel like you're pulling back towards your body to hit those triceps. So by leaning back, you change the angle of the cable and you're able to finish that rep off by pulling towards you the entire time. And the other one's a little bit more dynamic. Because when I take two movements and fuse it into one, so we're going to start by leaning forward and then we're going to make that long hand engaged. So we're going to pull the elbow to your body and then flex it down. Now I would start out doing this like a robot. So I'll cut it into two chunks and as you get more comfortable, then you can kind of speed it up throw some way around and make it a little bit more of a fluid movement. So I've said this before, but I low with dumbbell kickbacks. Because no matter how thorough your instructions are, you leave somebody alone for five minutes you come back. Are you fucking curling? What are you doing? I can't tell at this point now you're not even bent over. It just turns into a shit show. And if I'm not paying attention, I'm just as bad. I'm just a guy who's done it all night for a test and then still cheat off somebody else's paper just to be certain. So we get out of both of our ways by using a bench to limit how much that dumbbell comes back. So you can't swing and then get that perfect angle so you're not dipping that shoulder or standing up too high and really losing the actual connection to the tricep. So you're going to start out by finding the perfect angle for your elbow. Then you're going to drive that shoulder into the bench so every rep you do will be a complete pause and then right back up. Here's a link to a dumbbell-only tricep video. Also another one of my favorites and make sure most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and as always get after it get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 5 Reasons Why Your Body Transformation FAILED! [n09Mgd1NBls].txt ===

All right, today we're going over the top five reasons where your body transformation keeps failing. Know the mentees? AKA your ability to post inspirational before and afterpics once a week that nobody wants to see. Let me start up by saying I'm not ignorant to the fact that our heart is actually making transformation nowadays. Especially if you haven't made any serious progress up to this point in your life can be summed up by a series of days where you get progressively chubby. You got supplement companies trying to sell you something that inherently in the name or supposed to supplement your overall training and nutrition program, but they're so goddamn good at marketing. They'll make you believe you're one magic pill away from reaching your goal. Now I mentioned this before, but it blows my mind so it bears repeating the ES was the first company to figure out the infamous before and after transformation picked that every supplement company uses. They took a guy who looked awful. Like he'd been free-based and glazed on it for the last 10 years and they took his afterpics, where he looked incredible. Now they never say this, but it's kind of implied that he might have taken the supplement in the morning and then shit out his double chin before the photo shoot. Now even if you're smart enough to realize that transformation didn't happen overnight and that guy probably didn't even take the damn supplement, you're probably still sitting there thinking, well, if this guy represents the company, can't be that bad. Until someone like me comes along and tells you the truth, that those dickheads took a guy that was already in really good shape and then got him fat and then reversed the transformation picks. It's pretty fucked up. Now if that's not enough to get you frustrated, you got things like Instagram that in-between you double tap and every woman you see, the algorithm will give you the middle finger and make you think you're the only person on the planet that doesn't have a six pack. Thank you, I get it. She's bigger than later than me. Why are you showing me this dude? Do I really need to see somebody's paraplegicogram with it as a vein in their obliques? So yeah, it probably feels like your fate is sealed in your life destined to be a plot of a lifetime movie but don't worry, you just gotta fix these five things. Number one, you lack structure. One of my favorite quotes ever is an undisciplined life isn't insane one. If you don't have a detailed plan to follow, you're gonna fail. If you think you're gonna go off intuition and just make good decisions, good luck. You're the same asshole that got yourself into this situation. The second one is fear and I love this one because you get both ends of the spectrum. You get men who are freaked out but even if they do everything right, they still won't get results and you have women that think that they're gonna get too big. Good fucking luck. That's everyone's way of protecting themselves. That way if they do fail, they don't get embarrassed. But truthfully, if you put your entire self into this, you're gonna get the results you want. Number three is you start comparing yourself and we result to other people and then you get frustrated and then you say, okay, I get it. Sometimes I walk in the gym and I'll start giving out middle fingers like their valentines. One for you, one for you. We're about the same size, you can stay. What the fact of the matter is, comparison is the enemy of progress and the only way that works is if you turn it inward and start comparing yourself today to who you were yesterday. So long as you're better, who gives it shit? And number four, you're not being honest. This one's tricky because you don't wanna kick somebody when they're down, especially when it's yourself. But if you're pretending you're happy with what you look and you're not, you're f***ing. And I know everybody gets a trophy nowadays but I think we might be better served in admitting that we're not happy with where we are. I think that's an incredibly empowering thing to admit. We should throw parties for people like this. Everybody should get their friends around. All right, Carl, congratulations. You admitted your big fat mess. Now everybody stay on his ass until he gets to shit done. And number five, you hide behind your responsibilities and never make it a priority. You got a wife, you got kids, you got a job that you work too much at, whatever bullshit excuse you got. And this one's insane to me because you're basically saying, I'm the last one the list. I'm the least important thing in my own life. And we've all been around these people and they are f***ing miserable. Do everyone a favor and be selfish. Make yourself your number one priority and everything in your life will be better because of it. And honestly, I can make this longer but it's as simple as course correcting on those five things and you will never fail yourself again. And here we've got a chance to check out the program. I'll leave a link in the description. It's 20 videos, it's 20 bucks and people complain because it hurts. And if you haven't got a chance to check out these two videos next but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Don't you soon.

=== FILE: 5 Tips That GUARANTEE Your FAT LOSS & MUSCLE BUILDING Resolution STICKS! [9miPuU5n75k].txt ===

It may be hard to believe, but I care. A new uses right around the corner, so I want to make sure you achieve whatever diet and training goals you have and that the transformation sticks. Because 80% of people fall off in the first two weeks. Obviously, you're not in that category, because you've already figured out consistency. You're just a greedy human. You want to be bigger, leaner, or both, which is perfectly acceptable. And come to think of it. 80% is probably a lowball number, because if you've been to the mall recently, you realize you stand up like a sore thumb. You look around and notice that you're the only one that doesn't have a wet-sense pretzel stuffed in their face. So if you've been in the business of how many people long enough, you know there's a common story that comes from people that haven't quite figured it out yet. And usually go something like, for whatever reason, I missed the gym one day, and then I missed it the next, and haven't been back since. And then I got diabetes, and I lost part of my foot. So if you're somebody who's got results in the past, and for what a reason you're on this horrible, yo-yo cycle of looking phenomenal for a while, and then looking like a character of yourself, the best advice I can give you is for the first 30 days, show up every single day. Even if you don't have something to train, some days I'll show up with a gym and realize, oh great, it's anterior tibialis day. Second important tip, which I think is an underrated quality that everybody should have, and that's be more selfish. A lot of times people feel to reach their goals, not because they don't have a perfect plan, not because they're not falling into a T, but because somebody comes in their life and f**k it up. I can't tell you how many times someone's told me, I was doing great until, and the stories usually about their friend, who go to them into eating or drinking something, and this is something you gotta come in terms with, your friends are a natally evil. They'll purposely try to get you fat, to feel better about themselves. And it's not even against them, it's just human nature. So the best remedy I've found is brutal honesty. Just sit them down and tell them that either we're gonna go do something that's activity based, like bowling, you like bowling, or we can't hang out, because I don't wanna end up like you. Tip number three has to do with avoiding becoming a victim of that window of time where everybody's diet falls apart. Because it's easiest to clean in the morning, like I'm really hungry. Mid day you're busy, distracted, but at night, completely falls apart. And you can try to use willpower, but before you know it, we'll put this pizza in my mouth. It's critical you replace that wonderful feeling of having an entire pizza in your stomach, cutting off circulation to your other internal organs, with another positive one. Either you use as an excuse to buy your kids at PS5 and hog it all yourself, or sit down with your wife and say, hey, I really wanna get my diet and check. I don't wanna die young. What do you say every night instead of me gorging myself? Why don't we sit down, put on some porn hub, can't a girl who both like, and do something with both of her friends. Tip number four, trick yourself. It sounds goofy, but I can't tell you how excited how good my workouts are. When I hit the gym with new shoes, straps, not sure if this is still my first grade edition. The point being is as you get older, you look around and realize that we're all just basically 10 year old, just trying to look like we know what the hell we're doing. And you can easily incentivize yourself with chancy things. I know for me personally, when I'm gonna slump, I just find a new gym and that reinvigorates me now. Obviously, that's not the most practical advice right now, but hopefully this channel can do the same thing for you, give us new exercises, and new things to get excited about. Tip number five, keep it simple stupid. If your diet is so extensive, there's three different things on it. Take you three hours to cook a day's worth of meals, or you need a log book to track all your weights, and if you lose it, you're gonna jump off a bridge. It's not gonna work. In my opinion, you gotta earn the right to enjoy your food and both in more advanced training plan for yourself. If you're consistently hitting the gym, you're not missing a meal, you're making progress, then you can look at it and go, all right, let's crank it up and notch. Last thing, if you're already on the other side of this problem, you look through what you wanna look and you're just watching this channel for the dirty jokes, then I feel you have a responsibility to help people out that are just brand new to the gym. So on the first, when you see that hoard of people coming in, just tell them good job or hum out with something small because you'll be surprised how much that helps them come back and be consistent. Because for us, it's like a second home. Basically, they kick us out at the end of the night, but for them, it's kind of a scary place. So help them unf*** their lives. I don't wanna wish everyone a Merry Christmas, even if you don't celebrate it, I think it's a special time, and I appreciate every single one of you, even you fit lab, even though my wife hates you, I don't mind you. If I could, I'd send each and every one of you a present, I think this one I got for my wife and I. Get after and get grown. I'm gonna go get hit by a car.

=== FILE: 5 Triceps Exercises For GUARANTEED Growth (YOU NEED THESE!) [mVZfzZBzV9U].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to my favorite tricep finisher that are guaranteed to put some size on. But just so you know, this was not the original video idea. I actually came in last night to film a video how to bring up your week glutes and about 40 minutes into taking butt picks, I thought this is not okay. I was about two seconds from shoving the selfie stick up my, before I decide, you know what? I'm going to take a loss in this one. Go home, regroup, come back tomorrow. So I'm going to post on my Instagram story, asking people what they wanted to see. And here we are. So next time your wife gets pissed because you find 17, only fans, subscriptions on your joint bank account, just turn to her and say, how dare you? Let's go. Let's work hard. Alright, let's start off by going over a cup of my favorite barbell and then dumbbell finisher's just in case you're limited on equipment and then we'll finish with cables. And oddly enough, the barbell ones could actually be the hardest because you're making your own body weight work against you. Now, the key to this first one is getting that bar set up perfectly because you don't want to make it too hard to start because you can always change your body position and make it harder or easier after the fact. So I would start off by putting that bar right about junk height. And then from there, you're trying to mimic a French press. So drop that head underneath, flex it back up. And like I said before, if it's too easy, just walk those feedback further, flatten that back. And yep, that sucks. Alright, next up, drop that bar down and roll it up against something so it doesn't move and do what I call a vertical crushers. Cool part about these is just like with regular-scale crushers, you can dictate what you're going to put in the moment, it gets more emphasis. But with these, that's everything to do with where you put your hands. So if you're going to focus on the topic of contraction, just line those hands up with your forehead, if you want that deep, painful, disgusting stretch and focus on the initial part of contraction, just bring those hands a lower and lower. And I wouldn't plan on doing these in a plank position. If you're going to do a couple and feel good about yourself, go for it. But after you get two whole reps, then do them on your knees like everybody else. When it comes to finishing off those tries with dumbbells, pretty much any drop set will get the job done. Because all you're trying to do is push a ton of blood and make sure there's nothing left in the tank. But since a pair of asymmetrical triceps is enough to make you go play in traffic, might be a good idea to finish with some unilateral drop sets just to make sure they get hit equally. I don't know about you, but I always have one side that I easily connect with the other side. Yeah, so I have to lock myself into place so I don't screw it up. When it comes to cables, there's quite a few I can think of, but let me just give you two, and the handle doesn't matter. So that's going to do with the handle. That's just more preference what you connect with the most. It's more about how you kick your f***s. One of my go-to finishes are the 30s. That's the one we do 30 partial reps at the top, 30 at the bottom, and then 30 full. Do a couple sets of those. You don't have a choice. You're done. Or I'll put on a way that I know I can get 30 reps with, but I know I'm going to struggle. And once I get there, I don't set it down because the goal is actually 100. And I know what to get there. I'm going to have to take 75 breaks. I'm going to make a bunch of weird noises and the form is going to be crap, but it's going to get the job done. So if you like this video, let's meet. Make sure you watch these two next, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.***s.***s.

=== FILE: 5 “Horseshoe” Tricep Exercises  (YOU’RE MISSING THESE!) [uxZJWm8aRgU].txt ===

Alright, today we're hitting try steps, tearing up that lateral head getting you that horse shoe. Now for anybody that says that you can't put more stress on one head compared to another, it's gotta be frustrating. Wake up 15 minutes early, get your lunchbox all packed, walk all the way to school, only realize that that same what you got in there, it's made a bullshit. You can't isolate it completely, but you can absolutely put more stress on that lateral head. Let me show you how, let's get after it. Places a complete mess, but this thing's gonna be gorgeous. I'll do that. Alright, so we're starting off with the cables because it's the most versatile way to hit that lateral head. I'm gonna go with three of my favorite variations, so no matter how screwed up your shoulders are, how bad your at-fall directions, you're definitely gonna connect with one of these. But the premise is pretty much the same. We're looking at ways to rotate that wrist, pruning that palm down, and make that lateral head dominate the movement. So we're starting off with parcels at the bottom of the movement, really focusing on that rotation and keeping this light. So we don't want those traps to jump in, 20, 30 reps, but this isn't a limited exercise. You can use this in primer, you can use it as a finisher, either way, it's gonna ruin your life. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. The next two movements are unilateral, because we'll have a dominant side. We connect two more. This is due to the fact that no matter how much your mom swears she didn't drink, she's pregnant with you. She's full of shit. You wanna know how you can tell? I just tell her she's just morning. I make bunny ears. It's a dead giveaway. The first one you're gonna start up by making a poor man's preacher girl. Just making a fist, locking her, and you're gonna fist, locking her, and you're gonna need that tricep. And this is gonna allow you to flex that tricep the way I think you're supposed to, which is not a way, but actually pull towards your body. And more importantly, you're gonna be fighting that rotation already. So it's a lot easier to rotate that wrist, and then rotate that shoulder, and drive all that force into the outer head. Now if you had trouble connecting with the last two, that's all right. I mean, you're a little screwed up, but we'll get through this. All we have to do is put that shoulder in the position. We want it to end up in, and then all we have to do from there is flex straight down. So standing perpendicular to the machine, flare that elbow out, and then from there it's just a straight flex down. If you wanna a little bit more emphasis, just pronate that hand a little bit more at the top. Going up, après, this the hands we have. In my opinion, King is a little roll, just turn and stretch your elbow down. Another movement that left really build up those horseshoe triceps. It's school crushers. Now it's a little countering to it. If you think any movement that stretches that tricep is gonna put more emphasis on that long head based how engineers were especially, in the lateral head on top of that. We're going to do a static hole and we're going to make that lateral head work at the peak of the contraction. So if you've ever seen somebody grab the easy bar cable attachment, flare those elbows out and they just do press downs, they're trying to hit that out of her head. Problem always had with that though is you can use the entire stack, your fighting gravity, which contracting your abs, it just fills an awful movement. Especially when you can set up a floor press the same way and get even more out of it. So grab a closed grip, flare those elbows out and go down as low as you comfortably can, and then wrap it out. Here's the link to the Tricep video on the long head. Also another one of my favorite Tricep videos. Subscribe, hit that notification bell and as always, get after you get grown.

=== FILE: 6 ABSOLUTE BEST Dumbbell Exercises (Upper Body) [6Wm8t-1pFTM].txt ===

All right, today we're going on my favorite dumbbell exercises for each body part, but we're going to cut it in half and start with upper body because I don't want to film the ten minute video, just as much as you don't want to watch one. But just so we're perfectly clear, these exercises aren't made because somebody has no access to a jam or limited equipment, even though it's probably the circumstance that the person has to make this video. These are just better. So you can feel the endless amount of machines to choose from. You're still going to do these because they're that disgustingly good. So if you're ready, let's get after it. All right, start enough with delts. This has won a lot recently because obviously it's a great finisher, but it's also a great way to start the workout because it primes it, pushes a ton of blood and even though I categorized as a rear-belt movement, you have to get that entire shoulder involved. So before you even get into your workout, your one set in, you're already screwed. Now this is the one where you flex that rear-belt out to the side and then bring your entire shoulder into it by wrapping around and then repeating. Now, I made a couple of tweaks to it. First thing is I bring that seat up even higher. I found that 75-80 degrees is a sweet spot because too far, four, you're going to pull those straps. You just want to feel like you're tilting a little bit forward so you can flex that rear-belt. The second thing is I go with an lighter. I know. They ask hold it already, trains too light, find a way to train even lighter, but it's because I have a better connection to it. We're able to hold that flex with your rear-belt a little bit longer, two, three seconds. And then flex around. It's just a better movement overall. My favorite dumbbell exercise for back is easy. It's a high elbow roll with that chest off the bench because it hits the entire back. And you're going to want to put the bench on the slight incline. But not only can you hit the entire back, you can destroy it because it's one of the few exercises where the upper back's going to fail first. And then you can continue crank on and terrorize that mid and lower back until you can't take that pump anymore or you finally shit yourself. Why steps are tough on? I've been literally standing here for 10 minutes trying to figure out which one to show because there's so many good ones. It's really all you need. You get rid of your friends, divorce your wife, tell your family to piss off and just take that dumbbell and go have a good life. I said a little bit about what's my go-to dumbbell exercise when I'm training biceps. And usually what it is, I'll grab two dumbbells, tuck those elbows into my stomach, treat like a preacher curl, and then make that bicep work even harder. So I'll lean back during the negative, put more stress on to it. And then lean forward during the contraction, just to force that flex even harder, do a tonne of reps and every time, which is a noxious amount of blood in there. When it comes to triceps, I think we're all fighting the same battle. We got one side that looks great and the other side looks like we picked it up at a dollar store. That's why I didn't pick an exercise like a single dumbbell French press because even I love those, you just never know how much one side's working over the other. That's what I think the best dumbbell exercise for triceps is a skull pressure because one side can't take over the movement. And the way I would do them is push that elbow back as far as you comfortably came with that shoulder and also get that wrist involved. And I know, forearms not connected that way. And actually I had some guy message me a while back and explained to me exactly why because it does make that tricep contract harder again that wrist involved. And he said it in a very eloquent way, but it's long drawn out. So I'll just bring back the trust me. Now, for chest, I'm going with one's a little bit different because I think the biggest problem that most people have no matter what exercise they're doing is being able to contract that chest. So this will help you develop a better mind muscle connection on top of that if you have one side that's underdeveloped, this will fix that too. And you can do these anytime during your workout, but I usually start or finish with them. And what you're going to do is take a dumbbell, we're going to do these unilaterally and you're going to flex that dumbbell across your body, palms in a supinated position, and you're going to drive it past the midpoint of your body, focusing on flexing that chest from the bottom, all the way up. If you've got a moderate amount of weight, the best dumbbell exercise for traps is a shrug variation where you're going to slightly forward. That way you can put more restretched on those traps, but also you're not just pulling straight up. You're actually going to be able to wrap those traps around your neck because you're tilted slightly forward. And then you can dictate what part of the traps you want to hit. You tilt more forward, you're going to get lower into those traps. You stay a little bit taller. It's going to be more of a shrug movement, but you're still able to get a better contraction because you're wrapping those traps around your neck. It looks like I'm doing abs on leg day because this is already going to be a long ass video. Here's a link to a dumbbell chest day. Also, another one of my favorites at dumbbell leg day. Most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 6 Chest Exercises (YOU'LL REGRET NOT DOING!!) [fAU2DueNmYA].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting chess and we're going back to what I've been calling the IBS series because either you're going to walk out with a little throw up in your mouth or solid shark and this one's going to be a tough one. So my put a little hair on your balls. So when I say this workouts, it's going to be a rough one. First thing, probably pops your head as we're going to throw some weight around which we'll get to. But for me to crank up the intensity, especially on chess, when the best things you can do is really slow down the movement, make sure that front and out doesn't get involved too much. Really open up that chest as much as possible. So you're getting a nice clean stretch of wrapping around your body and then you can flex through the movement. And the way you can do this with the movement I've been doing a lot recently, which is kind of a high movement of flying and press and there's a lot going on. So the first thing you're going to do is actually going to lean forward during the negative portion of the movement, which normally would jump in those anterior delts, but because we're going to supinate that wrist, it's actually going to open up that shoulder and strictly just stretch that chest. Now as you start to contract, you're going to lean back, say nice and tall and then flex across your body, donate that wrist down. And if you do it correctly, you should feel that chest lighter from the outside all the way in. This is a slow movement. You're actually trying to open up that chest, stretch as much as possible, and then flex through the movement. Don't just move the weight, flex it up. And then one little tip that will probably help you get even more out of this is as you're contracting up, make sure that chest is the tallest point. Now it's just going to keep those delts out of it and keep that connection to the chest the entire time. I love when people comment on my videos and say, you're so vulgar, your language is just it's too much. I go a little test for you. When you travel out of town by yourself and go to a hotel, what's the first thing you do? Welcome to the club creep. Because I think these are great way to simultaneously hit your upper chest along with those inner pecs, we're going to do a drop set of coffin presses. And because we're really kicking our ass today, we're going to do three drops. And then make sure on these, you're really open up those elbows at the bottom and then drive them in flex those pecs together at the top. It's just going to really make sure you engage that chest all the way to the inner part of that pack and just get more of the contraction. I've talked about this a little bit in previous video, but most of my chest days have been set around decalime movements. And really just want to thickness and the outer part of my chest. But what I've noticed is my overall chest has gotten better, wider. It's just a better movement for me in which I would argue most people because you get a nice stretch. You can really open up that chest even more, a better contraction. And it's really hard for those anterior delts jump in. You might get through triceps to jump in a little bit more, but I rather have that than my anterior delts just rolling forward and eating the movement. So that's been a plus. But also what I've noticed is getting the outer chest even thicker. For me when I drop weight, last place to lose is my lower back and my chest. So the first place to hold water is my lower back and my chest. So getting that nice and thick round chest and that outer part of my chest a little bit bigger is really just fixed that problem altogether. So now it's just my big fat lower back to go. So what we're going to do is a dumbbell fly which is a slight decline by throwing a plant or a neat bench. Just to elevate that chest it's a little bit more. Then we're going to superset it with dips, but really slow motion dips. So really opening up that chest flexing up as slow as possible. Trying to get like six reps. If you get more than that, you're going too fast. And then there's no rest on any of these. You're just bouncing back and forth until you throw up, or just you're done with your sets. All right. So we're finished now for the little triceet. Death by pushups. Just for anybody who's still locked up in stuck at home. Also leave that in the comments, whatever city, state, country you're at, what the hell's going on there? Is your gym open or do they burn them down? All right. So we're starting over the decline style pushup. So arts that back chest tall really focusing on that stretch and driving it up 15 reps there. Then kick those to the side. Fly style pushups that turn those palms out. Chest nice and tall. Again, 15 there. And then you go right into regular pushups, still. Little bit of arts for that back. You keep those shoulders out of it. And then you're pushing that to failure. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: 6 Lat Pulldown Exercises To Build The BEST BACK WORKOUT! [J1ldBhooepw].txt ===

Alright, today we're setting up a shop on the lap pull down machine going over different handles, angles, and you can do it with elbows, range of motion because you can build a phenomenal back on this machine alone. And whether or not you want to admit it, measure your lat's engine, it's a serious f***ing issue. There's a guy's cross-country phone over dying because you probably can only hold that make believe luggage for so long before it gives out and you die. So if you're ready, let's get after it. By the start with a couple of my favorite single arm movements and the benefit of these is you can put that lat in a stream stretch that you can't get with other pull down very variations. The first one you can do by sitting on the side of the machine and then actively drive yourself away from it, putting more of a stretch on that lat, and then as you pull down, don't just pull straight down, you're going to wrap around your body and keep the elbow in a fixed position. Don't be afraid to play around with your grip. I'm going to take a neutral grip on both, but if you feel in discomfort, try to supinate that wrist and see if you get more of a connection that lat, unless on the F-year shoulders giving you. The next one you're going to set up by sitting on the machine like an older human being, and your goal is to flare that lat as much as possible. And you can do that during the negative portion movement. So as you start to come up, instead of just keeping the shoulders square the entire time, you're going to actually turn into the lat you're trying to flare out. And you'll know you're doing it right when you feel that lower lat starts to pop out a little bit. And as you can track back down, you're going to square the shoulders back. And just that little bit of movement is going to connect you more with that lat and more engagement. It's going to tear them out. The thing I want to cover on the straight bar, other than the fact I don't think people utilize or appreciate how much of hand placement, completely changes in this movement, because most people would just grab on that kink grip and rip it, which there's a place for that. But when you're going close with those hands, lock those elbows out, you hit more rhomboids. We're going to extremely wide changes in the way the movement actually feels instead of a pull down, those are your point in your body, which is extremely beneficial. What I want to go over today is the fact that your elbows will dramatically change this movement. If you're trying to talk your entire upper back, I'm talking mid-traffes after those were adults. You're going to start with those elbows in line with your body. And as you start to pull down, once you get a hair below parallel, you're going to change the goal. If you're going to pull down, now you're going to try to pinch those shoulder blades together and flex that back. And if you're looking from the side, you're going to see there's a natural slope to those elbows. And when I'm really trying to target lats with the straight bar, what I'll do is I'll exaggerate my elbows and really drive them forward. And you'll notice this is going to make this an extremely difficult movement. But if there's anything you take away from that, anytime you tweak an exercise, then becomes that much harder, it's probably going to get you better results. So you guys know this handles pretty much my only friend. Anytime I can incorporate it on a back day, I do and I've talked it nausea about my fear where to do these on a lot of pull down, which is working against it during that negative portion, coming back, keeping the elbow fixed position, but the other way I like to use it is on a movement, I'm just going to call it cleavage because basically you're pushing it together and you look thirsty, but it works. So as you sort of come up and drive those elbows in as much as possible. Try to touch them together if you can, if you can't, I can't either don't worry about it. And you're trying to keep those arms touching you the entire time. So as you start to contract back, you're wrapping those shoulders around your body and you'll notice this engages lats more than anything we probably done today because there's so much movement with them as you stretch and wrap around and contract back, you're going to feel a great connection to these. And because I've seen a lot of people use this handle and try to flare those elbows out and hit that upper back, I'm going to throw this in because I think there's a better way. I think you're always better off using the rope, that way you can feel like you're pulling it apart, you get more of a contraction, you get more movement, you're not in pins by the short range of motion because of those hand things so close, you can pull them apart and get more engagement. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video next, get after Gick Rowan.kc.

=== FILE: 6 Muscle Building Supplements YOU NEED! [3JsyoHNt7EE].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to over six supplements that you need if you're serious about building muscle. One of these has been shown to put on pounds muscle of the course of the year, but you've got to take it in a very specific way. You can't just go all-wall for wall streets and start banging your chest. Are you sure about this? Oh, God, I told you if you're serious about building muscle, you have to load your creed team for six days. Trust the science. Yep, that's me. You're probably wondering how I ended up in this situation. Now, are these going to move the needle as much as waking up at the morning and drinking half a glass of steroids? Or some of the pro-homeones that used to sell in the 90s that made you piss rainbow colors? No, but most of these fall in the category of things you should be taking because you're most likely lacking based upon how you live your dumpster life and that can seriously hold you back. Like supplement number one, creating. One of the most extensively studied supplements of all time, Monohydrate, the rest of crap. What people feel to realize is it's simply just an amino acid you get from the food you be. You store it in your muscles and it's one of your body's natural sources of energy for muscle contractions, but there's a threshold. Meaning that for those that have reached peak concentration in their muscle cells, creatine is about as useful as if you supplemented Cialis when you're 14. But for those that are below that threshold, which is most likely you, it makes perfect sense to take. But I wouldn't take it the way that most people recommend, which is with 50 grams of sugar because then you're just going to end up gobbling down Swedish fish after every workout and slowly turn into a fat mess. The way I would do it is load creatine for the first six to seven days, taking 20 grams you split into four separate doses. Then it would take five grams from then on out. Next up, vitamin D3. And this one's fascinating because it plays a role in everything from muscle protein synthesis. It can lead to increases in strength and overall testosterone levels and it's unlike any other vitamin because it isn't a fucking vitamin. Structurally, it's actually closer to the super draw you see like tick tax when you were 17 years old. And just like creatine, those that are deficient will see the most benefit, which is good news because that's pretty much everyone. And if you think you can walk around your back yard, but ask naked to get your daily dose, you're going to have to walk around a midday sun for an hour. And if you have darker skin, forget about it. You have to turn your ass into an easy bake oven. The answer gets your balls well before you get enough vitamin D. Your best bet is just get your levels checked and see how bad they are. But if you're too lazy to do that, there really is no serious risk in taking the upper limits of what they recommend, which is around 4 to 5,000 I use. Look what I found. Or scripture and grade vitamin D. This is how you know it could kill you. Serving size 50,000 I use. Take in once a week. Next up, blue to me. Just kidding, it's actually crap. Most of it gets absorbed in your intestines, which is good for overall good health, but that's not what we're doing here. Now these last three or ones that if you don't take them, I don't know what you're doing with your life. So I'll go through them quick. Caffeine. I've tried to kick this one a few times, but it has a detrimental effect on the intensity of my workouts. If there's one thing that separates big people from not something people, it's their ability to almost kill themselves during their workouts. Caffeine helps with that. They're just eventzines. Now your body creates these, but if you're serious about belly muscle, then you're taking in more protein than your body comfortably wants to take in. So you need to supplement to make sure you can break down and utilize as much protein as possible. Now you may think this was not really the ability muscle, but one of the selling points is it slows down the absorption of nutrients, which helps maintain blood glucose, homeostasis, which is important because the last thing I'm going to do is be one of those guys that the gym that thinks are really muscular, but they're actually fat. Also your colon's a muscle and fiber helps it contract. So good luck getting that image out of your head. Programmes are linked below.

=== FILE: 6 PACK ABS ｜ MAKE EVERY CRUNCH COUNT! [c4uMP8nbPso].txt ===

We're turning up those abs going over different techniques you can use whether you're at home or in the gym to make your abs training more intense because we've talked about it before. The six back comes the day you decide to stop screwing up on your diet and you know who you are. It's the person that says, I don't know. I can't figure out why I'm not losing. I'm doing everything correctly. And then you say, okay, someone would have tablespoon of peanut butter looks like and they pull it out. It looks like a f***ing ice cream cone. But at the end of the day, you still got to train them. So I'm going to show you how to be more efficient. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So we're not using any equipment today. Everything we're doing is on the floor. So it doesn't matter how limited you are, even if your wife locks you out of the house and to explain to you how you got covered in glitter, doesn't matter. You can do this in the front yard. And we're starting with breathing. Because it's one of the biggest mistakes I see people make. They bear down like they're blowing out that 3 AM Mexican food bender they had the night before. And that's not how you want to do a crunch. You're not trying to understand and lean forward. Here actually want to breathe your way through it. So think of it as you're taking that belly button, trying to drive it through the floor, and you're breathing out to cause a contraction. So even if you're standing there, you can breathe out now. And notice how you get to the end of your breath, you'll naturally start to tilt forward. And that's when you should crunch up. And I know it sounds simple, but so many people get this wrong. And I think it's critical if you want to get the most out of every crunch. Because just breathing out makes you contract your abs. Now you're crunching on top of it. Just makes it that much worse. So now that you got your breathing down, it's going to make every single rep that much better or worse. Depending on how you look at it. But that's not all we can do. Because even though you haven't seen your abs in a while, they responded the same things that every other body part does. And one of my favorite ways to help somebody build a mind muscle connection is by slowing it down. Because I can easily say, hey, go do 20 v-ups. They run over there. They jerk up 20 reps, pat themselves on the back and wait for their ribbon. But the goal is never to get there. When you're building muscle or body building, what do you want to call it? Failures to the game. So you want to find a way to make the exercise hard enough that you don't have a shot. So think about those same 20 v-ups. And now going as slow as possible. And making sure that muscle gives out long before you get there. So a static holder contraction is painful in a matter of what body part you're training. So you're hitting biceps, you do a curl, you hold it for a four, maybe a five count. That's going to dramatically decrease the number of reps you're going to get. But with abs, it's a totally different ball game. It's going to be one of the few times here. Don't lie if you're going to try to actually poop your way out of something. So let's layer all those painful things together. You start out with the breathing out, start the contraction. You're going to go slow as you possibly can. And at the top, you're going to hold that static contraction crunch as hard as you can. And then back down nice and slow. Another thing I like to do that I rarely see is exaggerating the flexion and extension of a crunch. And you can do this easy by throwing some dumbbells on your feet. Or if you're stuck at home, shove your feet underneath the couch. Or you ask your dancer friend who covered you in glitter and got you locked out. To use those classic clear heels and step on your feet. And if you've never done these before, I'd air on the side of barely angling back because this is a true core exercise. Because you actually hyper extending back to really stretch those abs. And then breathing out to contract yourself forward. I put the over under it 10. So at the end of the day, yeah, abs are made in the kitchen, but that's not an excuse. Now to kick your own ass every time you train them. So next time you're on the floor, doing crunches. If you can't integrate some of the things we talked about today, just do something simple. Like open up those knees to pull your hip flexures out of it or hold those feet off the ground. So you're already in a static hole before you even start the crunch. Or even just bringing elbows to knees to make it that much harder. But at the end of the day, you can always make it worse. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program. It's 20 videos, 20 bucks and good fucking luck. And if you haven't seen either of these two videos, you're going to watch those next. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. One of the hardest things to do is make a video that applies to everybody. If want to make one, I'll limit it equipment, just to Benson dumbbells. Somebody will surely comment, say, hey, I would love to do that. But my wife will only have a bench. So you make one of just dumbbells. And somebody else would comment, say, hey, my wife will only use her pink dumbbells. So you make one, hey, just air squat and place. I don't care what you do, just squat and place. Somebody else would comment, I can't, it hurts too bad. My wife makes me tuck my junk until she gets home. So that's what we did everything on the floor today. But I'm sure somebody's going to comment and say, I can't do it. I sat on my balls and hurt myself.

=== FILE: 7 BEST Dumbbell Bicep Exercises (YOU NEED!!) [a6j5xBNg58Y].txt ===

All right today we're grabbing some dumbbells and going over some bicep curls that you probably've never done before and then a few that you definitely have but we're gonna make them even worse So if you're ready, let's get after it All right, let's first go over traditional curls to make sure not making the big mistake I see most people make which is no matter what the cost they're gonna get it up which is admirable I'm sure tenor dates really appreciate that about you, but in terms of growing that bicep it's not gonna do much because inevitably what happens is as that bicep gets tired And you're trying to force it all the way up. There's no way to get there. So you have to get that shoulder involved and unless that was your horrible plan from the start Let's try to avoid it, but we don't have to focus on the shoulder All we have to do is simply focus on where that elbow is so if you're doing a curl wear your arms right by your side As long as you keep the elbow tucked into place and there's no movement It's gonna be all your bicep. So then the question is what should arrange a motion beam and my argument is you should push as much blood as you possibly can those biceps That as you go through the exercise it actually shortens for example I start out with three quarter reps because I don't see a benefit in pushing the extreme ends of the range of motion I like the very bottom where you almost have to actually push to stretch or the very top Where there's really not much of a difference in the contraction. So they start out three quarters But my goal is to push so much blood there by the second set that they turn into half reps and that same stretch that you got before You actually can't get because you can't stretch any further and you definitely can't contract up any higher because your bicep won't let you And yeah, you might have a hard time washing your hair tonight or wiping your ass But it'll just be a lesson how versatile your garden hose is You All right next up we got drag curls and in my mind you got some options because anytime you put a dumbbell on a string and pull back in a straight line That's a drag curl So you've got the traditional arm to your side pulling straight up, which is a phenomenal exercise But for most people their shoulders are so bound up that it turns into something else entirely They end up looking like a creep in the corner of the gym run the risk of getting kicked out So instead you can put that dumbbell right to your knee and pull back on a straight line and get a phenomenal contraction Went in doubt take it to the extreme hopping in the inclined and pull straight it from there I have no doubt you have a great connection to these, but yeah, you're gonna look at an asshole So if you didn't grow up wearing janko jeans and drawn stuces all over everything You're not ready for this So you guys know me. I'm basically a giant 10 year old So any exercise that resembles a right at Disneyland I'm all about it. I don't know what these are called, but I'm assuming it's something great because anything that makes you look You're having a nervous breakdown has to be named something epic and I've talked about these before But I'm also gonna show you another variation in day that I think's even worse And the ideas you're actually gonna leave that dumbbell in place and mostly work around it So as you go in that negative you lean back, put all that pressure on your bicep to hold and stabilize that weight And as you can track up you barely move that dumbbell, but you lean into it Maybe that contraction even worse and this sock and another way to utilize this movement is with hammer curls I like to do them standing, but also like to lock those elbows into my stomach So it's just that bicep working no shoulders involved and it's also a great way to make people feel uncomfortable Just find the closest corner at your gym go stand in it and make sure when you're doing them you look back Really up to creep factor In just in case you didn't feel like that long head's getting enough love We're gonna finish with pinwheels now go what to think about these is just categorize I'm like a drag curl that'll help you get your form right, but the ideas you're pulling that dumbbell straight up Flaring that elbow out to the sides of that shoulders turned in So it's mostly that long head and as you finish off that contraction You're gonna really drive and cock that wrist out and it's gonna really f*** up that long head So if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program I'll link that below It's 30 days 20 videos 20 workouts it's 20 bucks and you're gonna get your ass kicked And if you like this bicep video I'll link to another one here also another one of my favorite triceps But most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after it get growing Dr. Soon

=== FILE: 7 MINUTE ABS Workout To Get You A 6 Pack (No not 6, I said 7!) [lDDVl-tadso].txt ===

are today we're hitting abs because even though there are set of muscles that really don't give you how hard you train them and whether or not you see results is dependent on what you're shoving in your face we still got to hit them so one undo does efficiently as possible let's get after it. V-ups are a great exercise but not for everybody for some that violent jolting back and forth puts a good stress on those abs and they can really have a great connection to them for others it's just a matter of time before they blow a disc right out of their ass so we can shorten the range of motion to make it a little bit safe for an allow those hips to tilt back and forth during the movement but still make it just as effective by adding a weight to our hands and feet and I want to make sure breathing correctly on all the exercises we're doing today because I see a lot of people try to use the same technique they used to brace themselves for a squat or a heavy deadlift and try to apply that to abs this is not that you're not clenching down after never-ending possum breaststicks and olive garden you got to breathe through the movement I start breathing out before even start the contraction and try to time it perfectly to have most of the air out of my lungs before those abs are fully flexed it's going to keep you safer it's going to keep you're from full and over to whatever distension you just created but it's also going to create more of an intense contraction let me take a quick second thanks Skillshare for sponsoring this video there obviously notice that I still wear the same shirts that I didn't sixth grade thought this guy could use the deal appreciate that if you're sitting there saying I don't think there's anything for me to learn on there you're wrong Skillshare's class is a design for real life problems let me ask you this how many times you've almost cut off your finger prepping your own food yeah me too that's what they have an entire course on knife skills so people like us don't end up with a nickname stubby or like the guy from yesterday they couldn't use their course on body language to tell that I wasn't really interested in making new friends what was in the gym bathroom peeing I'm currently taking one on drone photography by wall rabbit productions because the first time I got this thing I just turned it on see if I get it to hover and then I proceeded to smash it right into the wall because of the course I'm getting better but I still can't believe they let you fly these things I feel like at any moment I'm the loose control of it it's going to follow this guy and just take out some poor unexpected old lady Skillshare's an online learning community with thousands of classes for curious and creative people there's no ads they're always launched new premium classes and it's less than 10 bucks a month with an annual subscription the first thousand people to click the link in my description get a free trial of Skillshare's premium membership all right we're hitting the floor because sitting on your ass is one of the hardest things you can do for abs and you got some options you can bring the stopwatch and death into it time yourself and make it a static contraction by tilting back and just holding those feet up or you can make an active movement by bringing those knees in and out or you can bring those a bleaks into it kicking them side to side like a bicycle all equally as horrible just have to choose what you're trying to target this is probably how I'm in a trick kids out of their candy this year I bet you you're a bag of candy for my bowl that you can't sit on the ground hold your feet up for a minute oh I feel bad you know what you're going to ahead and keep those smarties in a little. One thing I do all the time because one it's just easy to set up but two it's one of the best ways to do controlled movements in that transverse plane really get more activation out of those abs and no bleaks is just set up a single handle on a high cable pulley I either set up square it off to the machine or to 45 degree angle but the contraction still the same it's down in a slight twist and make sure as you do these you're not driving forward take a step back and I want you to feel like you're pulling that handle towards your body. All right last but not least you're going to hate me for these ones so the idea here is you're going to have your legs elevated the entire time you have to burn your hands and at the same time you're a slightly drop your legs until that bar back but not too far because you don't want that lower back to lift off the ground from there you're going to crunch and bring them both together and try to lift those shoulders off the ground and pretend like you're touching your toes you're not going to be able to but you can dream. If you liked that video here's another one done on abs also just another one of my favorites most importantly make sure you subscribe hit that notification bell and get after get growing talk you soon.

=== FILE: 7 UNDERRATED Back Exercises YOU NEED! [5EY_MYES5G0].txt ===

All right, today we're going to over seven of the most underrated back exercises that you should be doing. I want a little back then. All we're starting off by throwing the rope on the lap pull down now. Now, I see like an obvious thing to do for some people when you're at the gym. You realize the most people will use the V bar handle and the straight bar and that's it, which I get. I mean, I'm playing super Mario Brothers once again past that. Dunn and level. I'm done. And the rope attachment comes with a couple different advantages. One being you get a nice deep stretch on those lats without pissing off your shoulders because unless you live the boring life and you have no shoulder issues whatsoever. You know that a straight bar, even a V bar handle can be a little crunchy on the way up. And that's because you can only move those elbows out and then to kind of work around any impingement you might have but with the rope. You could separate those hands more bring them closer together, flare those elbows out and really let your shoulders guide you in a nice deep stretch with those lats. And the other thing allows you to do a stay nice and tall and contract those elbows around your body and pull right into your lats. Which is rare. There's a couple specialty pieces equipment I've seen that do this, but this is still better because when you're paired with that nice deep stretch. There's nothing like you'll wake up in the next morning and no exactly where your insertions are. And if you want to hit the upper back as well as those traps just lean slightly back, pull those elbows nice and high. And it works a hell of a lot better than standing version that just awful looking you know the one where your fumbling back and forth you get one foot in front. Kind of awkward. That one don't do that one. Now some people might see the next exercise and think it's a different exercise you're just slowing down the tempo which is true, but we still can't be friends because that's not how I think when I think about rows. Think about yanking stuff up and down which is wonderful, but when I think about slow rows, I think about contracting that back in a totally different way. For instance with regular rows, I'm homeless static contraction and just rolling it up and down until I kill that back with volume. Now with the slow row, I'm trying to contract that back in section. So it gives that low middle back. I really exaggerate that upper back and then I start the rowing movement so it goes from the bottom all the way up. All right, the next exercise is definitely one of the most underrated the reverse hyper. Now one of the benefits I have is constantly filming myself is I get to see which exercises have the greatest potential to be completely screwed up. And sometimes I film myself on a regular hyper extension. I'm like what the completely sideways. Now sometimes there's just a simple as how you put those hips on the pad, but I've also noticed there's somebody that stands most of the day. Then you probably shift your weight to one side and what you fill is an equal contraction. Usually isn't. It's part of the reverse hyper is this kind of a self-correcting exercise. As long as you keep those feet together, you have a pretty easy time contracting that back the way you're supposed to. Unless you have horrible scoliosis which you should have figured out in elementary school when at random adult rubbed your spine. It's a f*** up test. And to answer the future question, if you don't have that piece of equipment, you can absolutely do these out of bench. Either just keep those legs straight and do them as partial reps or bend those knees, get the full range of motion. Or get the exact same movement but putting that bench on an incline and laying over top of it. And to the inevitable of person that says, I don't have that piece of equipment or a bench. What do you do in my sense video? Should be learned how to make money. Go watch the movie waiting. Learn how to fold your junk into a cheeseburger and start at only fans. I don't want to tell you. So we all kind of agree that pullovers are amazing. They rank right up there with your wife and kids, but most people don't have the rhythm to do them correctly. So what we have to do is put your training wheels on and lock you into place. So over the first one, you're going to set that bench up on a 45 degree incline, lay back and really focus on the bottom of the contraction. Nice part about this is you can kind of shift those hips and drive them up if you need to to keep it out of your traps. And then we're flipping over. We're going to feel more of the emphasis on the initial part of the contraction. Now, good idea here is do them like a compound set. Start with this one once you fail, flip over and keep going. And make sure you try out different handles and grips. Everything from a straight bar with an overhand grip to an easy bar with a reverse grip, even throw on the rope because you never know what you're going to connect with the most. No shit, it's still Easter. You never know what sweet little baby Jesus has planned for you. And lastly, a good reminder that even though we have a full gym to use, sometimes it's just the simplest things are the best. Like finishing off with a bodyweight high elbow row where you can kind of set it up like a mechanical drop where you start with those hands nice and close, push it to failure, and then slowly work your way out. If you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link below. It's 30 days, it's 20 videos, it's 20 bucks. Not a lot of money, especially if you learn how to smush your junk into the form of a cheeseburger and post it on only fans, you can afford it. And if you haven't had a chance to watch these two videos, I'll watch these next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after a gig grow on Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: ABSOLUTE BEST Bodyweight Leg Workout ｜ At Home Exercises (With No Equipment!!) [BCJGNhmJNxA].txt ===

Art it's Saturday, let's get a little creative, tear up those legs, cause it's not like we're going anywhere anyways. So in terms of legs, hamstrings have to be the hardest to hit when you're stuck at home, lit it by equipment. Really, I mean, you can hit quasi-dust, as he squat, you can do glutes with reverse lines, even calves, you can do them, you can literally put more pressure on one calf, and really, you know, you're waiting to it and you can still effectively hit it. But other than a stiff leg where you're just stretching out and kind of getting a good contract, but not a great, you know, shortening of the muscle where you're just pushing it on a blood, unless you're like me and you just sit around all day thinking about all the shit you have in your house and how you can use it to hurt yourself, and in terms of that, your couch is incredible for hamstrings. So the first thing you're going to need to do is wait on your couch. Now you don't need actual weight like I used, you can just call your dogs up there, have your partner sit up there, it doesn't matter. Then I took off my shoes because that way I can really flex my feet a little bit more, engage those calves, and then for me, any time I engage my calves, it really helps contract that hamstring even that much more. And then from there, you're going to slightly lean forward, but at the knee, the rest of body says perfectly straight, and till you get to a point where you feel like your hamstrings are fully contracted, they're going to stop, keep that same angle with your body, and then rotate over top of your hips. If you had a guess, play the thing you haven't here. So before I started making these YouTube videos, I thought everybody did leg extensions for quads. Turns out, most people don't. In fact, most people think if you look in that direction, you're needing to explore. And then I think somewhere along the way you got demonized, and that just became the new norm of nobody should do those. But I think it's a great exercise, as long as you have the right range of motion for your biomechanics, but it's for a whole other video. But if you're somebody that does these regularly at the gym, they're going to find the at-home version, is it a credible tool over quarantine here? So a couple of things you're going to want to watch out for. One, put a tally underneath, just make a little bit easier on you, flatten those feet out, and then instead of driving straight up like most people do, once you stop at a 45 degree angle, that's going to put more pressure on those quads, hold it for three seconds, and then go back down. So for good, so we're going to do something a little bit different, because I get tired of doing the same stuff over and over again. I did this, it felt horrible in a good way. So like a shit wedding present, I'm going to read gift it to you. All right, so we're doing unilateral hip thrust, but we're going to completely change a form and make it something that probably you've never done before, because this home was new to me too. So we're going to open up that knee to the side, all the pressure is going to come from the side of your foot, because it's going to be completely on the floor, and really because of this of how your knees open up, it's going to be a really short range of motion at the very top of the movement. I'll let's hit calves, but let's put a little bit more stress and emphasis on each head of the gas truck by supinating or pronating our foot during the calf raise. Now a lot of people argue with this, there's no added benefit to this, or it puts more stress on your knee among the other team. Here's a good exercise to illustrate my point. Try this. All right, so what I want you to do is do a calf raise straight up and down, nothing fancy. And just feel how much your actual calf is contracted. Now from there, I want you to supinate that foot to hit more of the medial head, which is, I'm just using this terminology, it's closer to your junk. So what you're going to do is supinate that foot, which means you're going to roll on the outside of that foot on the way up. So start as a regular calf raise, then roll out, and feel that calf and see if it's not in contract even more than before. And the same thing goes for the other side, is you can track up and pronate in, basically just roll in that big toe. You should feel that lateral head contract even harder. If you don't, you're probably, all that to say, we're doing donkey calf raise. We're doing 20 reps for the medial head. You're going to supinate on the way up, and then 20 reps for the lateral head, pronate on the way up. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell. I'm going to leave that link so if you do want to get notified for when the course drops which probably won't be for another two weeks, because everybody got pushed back to at least then, but we'll get through this either way. Get after get growing. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: ABSOLUTE BEST CHEST WORKOUT (Sets & Reps!) [2hY6i0tsqbg].txt ===

Alright, today we're going through another chess workout because the last thing I want is for you to one day look back on your life with regret. Sit there and think, I wonder how much better my life would have been if I want to have bigger d***. I don't want that for you. Let's get after it. Alright, we're starting off with cables because the one thing I found that's just as important is warming up those shoulders, getting those rotator cuffs all greased up, is start with the exercise that really primes the chest because yeah, you can sit there between each rep and think, okay, I got to pull those shoulders back. Chest has to be nice and tall, but I don't go to the gym to think and go there to kick my own head so instead, you can start with the exercise, it really pushes a ton of blood and then we don't have to think about it. Those hand warmers are leading away the entire time. I wonder not your access to cables doesn't matter. You can use bands because I'm not stressing a specific exercise, more so I use structure sets because most people walk up the cable machine with their favorite exercise in mind. Do three, maybe four sets and then go to the drinking fountain, try to scout that machine fly that's right next to the ad dr machine. Your creeps know what I'm talking about. Missing out on one of the biggest benefits of the cables or even bands has to offer a beautiful pinpoint what part of that chest you engage the most. So instead of doing your favorite three sets of nonsense, instead, why not change the exercise with each set. You can do it with the handles, just drop the handles each time or if you're doing a seated bands like this, you can actually change the angle of the bench and change the movement completely. So you might start with an incline press, but as an angle goes down, it turns into more of a decline press. Another mistake I see people make on here is they treat it like every other exercise. It's not. You're not trying to hit PRs, you're trying to push a ton of blood and take very little rest in between. You see this all the time. Some of you hop on the machine do a really tough set, but then take three minutes to reminisce on the time when they moved in their ex-girlfriend, went to go put their clothes way in the drawer and then found out she had a deal, a little bigger than their leg. This is not a time for deal, though, thoughts. You should be able to double most people's output when they're doing three or four sets. You should be able to get in seven or eight because all you're doing is hitting a set, change the angle and getting right back after it. And if you're sitting there thinking that won't work, I got a training partner. You're probably young. Don't worry, one day you'll grow up into the asshole you were born to be and then say something to piss them off and be back to training by yourself. All right, the next exercise is also going to answer the question I've been getting a lot recently, which is how do you keep those anterior delts from screwing everything up? And for me, it's just about modifying the exercise until I get that result I want. And one of the things I found that not only pulls those shoulders back, so that just is nice and tall, but actively works and muscles involved is by laying on the ground and jamming a foam roll on your back. So preferably you have a lot softer foam roll within this piece of shit, where even use a bocible works great, but the key is to contract those rhomboids and traps the entire time you're on here. And yeah, it's going to limit your range of motion, but that's exactly what we want because it's going to keep those shoulders back and down the entire time. And the only way you screw it up and jumps in those anterior delts is if you lose that contraction with your back. So not only can you pull out this exercise and use it as much as you want, you're going to find you have a great connection to that chest. You can even do these on a bench to get even more of a stretch, but also you're going to find that those stabilizing muscles are going to build up over time and naturally those shoulders are going to go back and down and you'll start driving through your chest. And then you won't have to message another man online asking for help with your anterior delts. Thanks again, Roman for sponsoring this video. They reached out and they said, hey, you got to add a res left and you just not use terms like marshmallow. It at least stopped doing push ups, but in my defense, there are missing out a huge demographic of people. People like myself, they're more than happy throwing some old school message gym shorts, pops and media medication and walk around the mall with a raging boner just to ruin everybody else's day. Because Roman makes it easy for men to get help with common men's health conditions. And when you're doing something serious as ED, you won't help ASAP or if like me, you want to pop on before business meeting just to assert your dominance. You'll find it's a pretty quick process. Just grab your phone or hop on your computer and complete a free online visit and you'll hear back from US licensed physician within 24 hours. And if a doctor decides treatments right for you, hint, I would tell him you got a sword fight scheduled for later that day. You want to be able to appear some beer came with it before you shot on it. Your part of the make-away program and it's been your lifelong dream to see what it's like to be like one of those people in ED commercials. They have a reaction longer than four hours. Roman's pharmacy can ship your medication to you with free two day shipping. You don't get free unlimited fall ups any time you have questions or you want to just your treatment plan. No commitment. So if you're struggling with ED or you just want to pitch a tent 24 seven, go to get Roman.com slash Ryan for a free online visit and free two day shipping. Again, that's get Roman.com slash Ryan for a free online visit and free two day shipping. If you want to, I'm so sweaty. It's a good carried away. I'm supposed to be filming a video. I start working out. Shit happens. So if you've ever used hoist machines before, you know, they're phenomenal. There's just enough movement to make you really connect with that muscle, but not too much words of noxious question. Am I the only one that before they go on roller coaster figures out exactly where the camera is so they know the moment they can take that look off their face, the look of, I must have shit as pants. So then you can look like a hard ass, but you go way too far. And when the picture pops up on the screen, everybody looks at you like your serial killer every time. So in the spirit of that, we're doing the poor men's version with flies letting that lower back and butt hang off the bench. And as you go into that stretch, you're going to really force it by driving those hips down. And as you contract up, you lean back and drive those hips up. It's going to only feel like a little bit of movement, but it's going to really increase the intensity of that stretch. All right, now that you got that dry helmet out of your system, we're going to finish off with really wide grip pushups, but make two adjustments. First, those hands will be slightly supinated. That's going to naturally bring those shoulders back and down. And the second is, we're going to go all the way down and hold the bottom for a five count. And should ruin your life. If you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll link to that below. It's 30 days. It's 20 videos. It's 20 bucks. There's a Facebook group. You don't have to be a part of it. But it is nice to know that you have a community of people and you're sharing in the fact that you're all getting your ass kicked. And if you're limited on equipment, I've watched this chess video next or it's just another one of my favorites. But as always, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: ABSOLUTE BEST Dumbbell Back Workout Ever (YOU NEED THESE EXERCISES!) [umBna1_qI8A].txt ===

Best fucking dumbbell back video ever. So if you're a gym lover like myself, then you gotta membership to four or five different gyms and one of those, you just keep because there's a piece of equipment that you love. Could be a pullover machine, could be a hack squat, whatever it is, you have to justify it to me. I get it. But it's nice everyone's wanted to get back to the reason you fell in love with the workout in the first place and then it's throwing some dead weight around. But the one thing that's hard to replace is how many phenomenal exercises there are for lats. Everything from the standing cable pullover to the 75 different handles you can use on a lat pull down machine. And the typical go-to for people is want to have a love-hate relationship and that's the dumbbell pullover. Yes, they're a great exercise. But I don't love how I spend half the time thinking about how much my triceps are f***ing blowing up during it. But we can mitigate that a little bit. I put in the bench on a slight decline, changing instead of doing one dumbbell, we're gonna go to that'll just change the position of those elbows and then we're gonna keep an extreme bend of those elbows and keep that in a fixed position the entire time to keep more emphasis on the lats. So one way I found it take somebody who's either brand new or just has horrible hamstring and flexibility and get them really good at standing dumbbell rows is having make friends with the wall. So usually what happens is because of that inflexibility then up overcomposating with those legs. So squatting down to the point where they're actually laying on top of those quads and yeah, you don't have to worry about shooting at your spine at that point because your back so bold. But then you end up missing out on the way I think is the biggest benefit of this exercise is the flexion and extension you get from those spine or vectors from that mid back up. So by sitting on the wall and then walking those feet out to the point where they can start the movement with the flat back, then you take the legs out of the equation but you also take that lower back out of the equation as well because they don't have to think about it. They don't have to worry about it Boeing. It's just locked into place and then from there it's just deciding how much flexion and extension you want that mid back. And let me just make this perfectly clear. This is not just for inflexible or new people. I pull this thing out of the time. I'll go with the gym and walk in the corner, sit on the wall because very few exercises will light up those lower lats and those spinal vectors like this one will. So one of the actual benefits of dumbbells is that they're pretty damn limiting. There's not much you can really do with them. So you have to be a little bit more creative and how you actually complete the movement. So instead of a typical high row where you're just cranking it up and down, we can break it into two moments. We can start by flexing those rhomboids first and then going to the movement or flexing those traps and the rest of that upper back. And if you're limited on the matter what you have, this is the way you want to do because I'm only using 15s here but still sucks. So the reverse hyper extensions are phenomenal piece of equipment. It's one of the few that lets you hit those pair of spinals from the bottom up but most people don't have it. And there's a very interesting issue in the glute ham raise but most people don't have that either. So last resort, we're going to kick your ass the five pound dumbbell. And truthfully you probably don't need to dumbbell. The way your legs are going to be enough because we're just trying to recreate that reverse hyper extension movement and start that contraction in your lower back. Here's a link to one of my favorite back videos with no equipment limitations. Also another one of my favorite dumbbell videos. And as always make you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. Yous.

=== FILE: ABSOLUTE BEST Science-Based BICEPS Workout [Bo_AxIlOhRk].txt ===

All right, today we're going to have one of the most science-driven bicep workouts you've ever seen. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So here's the thing. When you're younger and your goal is to get this biggest, humanly possible, you will spend hours sifting through different case studies, sitting on forms because you just want that slight edge. I just think they remember being in college, sitting in a kinesiology class, just salivating, waiting for my teacher explaining exactly how miles in and act in cistered together, because I knew if I figured that out, I was golden. I was going to grow like a weed. But as you get older, you realize the how and the why are no more nearest practice goes to what the hell you should be doing. And eventually I got kicked out of said class, because my teacher was adamant about the fact that I purchased me only lives in that seven eight rep range and that there's really no benefit of training your chest and on different angles, so just do flat bench. So I tried to physically assault him. For instance, if you lined up the three biggest guys from every single gym, I doubt you end up with the most analytical and thought provoking humans this world has to offer. More than likely, there's still going to be right in their name in crann and still I'm figured out why the cistering so important the gym tan boundaries of the world, because it's not about that. Only thing that matters is what you do day in and day out. But since I'm a man of my word, get ready for fucking science class. I'll be sure to leave the sets and reps in the description, so you know where to find him, but we're going to start out with one of my favorite cable exercises for biceps. You set that bench up on a slight inkline. You put on the easy bar attachment and the nice part about these, you know, have to think about it. The range of motion is pretty much set because you go down to those legs and then you curl as high as you want because basically you got that constant tension to work against and you put yourself to failure. 20, maybe 30 reps, but we're also going to turn this into a compound set. So once you fail, you sit up and then you rep out some partial reps. And the scientific research back proof of why you should implement this in your training is because across the world there's a little over 100 man who have a condition called diefallus, which means are born with two penises. Alright, next up, we're heading over the Dumbbell Rack to insets the ten with alternating curls, which not something I would normally do, but I can't argue with the science. But the caveat is we're doing a sending and descending drop set. So I'm going to start with a lighter weight, 20 pounds and do 10 reps on each side. Then I'm going to start going up and weight. I'm going to continue to go up and wait until I fail to get to 10 reps. Once I fail, I back it all the way down until I get to where I started. Now, the reason why this is so important is because every year over 600 men are admitted to the emergency room because of injuries from sex toys. So maybe think twice before you go home with that flesh light. We're wrapping it up with one of my favorite finishes for biceps because ensures that every fass of that bicep gets hit. So you're start with a reverse grip curl. Once you fail, you drop it, supinate those wrists, go into a regular curl and then at the top of all off. Once you fail on those, go right into a drag curl. Also another important thing to note. Over 700 million years ago, our ancestors had a spine in their penis, which obviously natural selection wasn't too kind to because back then if you broke your dick, you died. So if you want more science-based training, just let me know in the comments below. Also, if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, it's basically what I did today. Fast pace a few jokes. It's 20 videos, 20 bucks. It's a 30-day program that will just kick your ass. I'll leave a link in the description. But most importantly, if you haven't watched these two videos, you're going to want to watch those next and like, subscribe, hit that notification bell so you can comment first and get after it get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: ABSOLUTE BEST Science-Based TRICEPS Workout [OViqLBLYPZM].txt ===

All right, today we're going over the scientific way to train those triceps. So get your note pads out and get your fingers out of your head because we got some work to do. We're starting off with cables because they're easily one of the best ways to hit those triceps. Now most people will just sort of stack on there, grab the handles and start throwing it down, but they're missing the true beauty of using cables. And that's being able to dictate what part of the tricep you hit because we know if you're printing that wrist on the way down, it's going to target more that lateral head. But if you try to grab the rope with both hands, you're kind of limited by how much you can rotate those wrists. So you're going to commit to losing the ego and doing them single arm. And if you suggest this to your training partner and he's immediately against it, it might not be a zego. Might want to sit them down, grab a drink and ask him how he's doing. I was life's going and help Venice penises because he might actually have a condition called payroll needs disease, which is when scar tissue causes a severe curvature in one's penis. And this exercise is just too much of a painful reminder of how curved his dick is. And the way I like to set this up is by standing perpendicular to the cable machine because even just to grab the rope, I've got to close that shoulder off, which is going to neatly target that lateral head. Now I can exaggerate it even more, but don't we talked about which is pronating on the way down. And if you're frustrated because you don't feel like your triceps are growing fast enough, it's because you're training too heavy. Just lighten the weight, focus on the connection and realize that, yeah, you can put more emphasis on a certain head of that tricep by making a small tweak. And if you're the training partner in your frustrated, don't be. They can inject an enzyme into your penis and fix that broken deck. So if you've ever seen in my videos before, you know, I really focus on time under tension to which a lot of people jump in the comments and say that's bullshit, progressive overloads the way to go. But when you take a step back and you realize that you're going to spend six months of your life waiting for a red light to turn greener, that a female kangaroo has three vaginas, you realize just how fleeting life is. And you really want to sit there for two, three minutes between each set. When you could just focus on doing more reps, getting more time under tension, and getting better results. And when you're training like this, there are several things you can do to make yourself more efficient. Like we talked about before, just simply take less rest in between each set, which means you're going to be using the same weight or possibly even have to go down and weight, which isn't a problem because that's not the goal. Or set up a mechanical drop, where as you start to fail, you change your form that way you can force out even more reps. Or program something like we're going to do here. Set up a series of exercises to get progressively easier, easier, like this bodyweight French press into this straight bar dip. And then right into a floor press, close grip, of course. And even though you're going to push yourself to failure in each exercise, you're able to take less rest for some more reps because you're very selective with how you chose your exercises. And ultimately get more time under tension. And I saw some comments from the last science-based bicep video, which I'll link to above. But some people are pissed because they think I'm making light of the science behind weight training, which isn't the case. I'm just jaded. I've seen enough things in my life to know that the scientific method can't be used to explain away everything. For instance, when I was younger, I used to work as a transporter at the hospital. Now, my only job is to put somebody wheelchair, take them to a place, drop them off. Well, one particular guy refused to get in the wheelchair. He said, I'll walk. Now you look like a dick. So I just said, all right, I'll walk with you. I dropped them off to get an X-ray. When I came back to pick them up, the X-ray tech grabbed me and said, hey, you got to see this. Apparently, the guy had a football of his ass, not like a miniature football, an official NFL license football. Now, I never thought about it before that point, but I would just assume that that would be scientifically impossible. But that man proved us all wrong. The only thing that he broke my understanding of how mathematics work as well, because when he tried to explain what happened to the X-ray tech, it was statistical anomaly. Basically, he said he was painting the inside of his garage on a ladder and he happened to have a football sitting on a T next to him. When he fell off the ladder, he perfectly landed to where that football lodged itself up his ass. Forever damaging my trust in the scientific method. And maybe use that as a little inspiration. When you're doing a century set and you're like, there's no way I can get there. Just think about that guy. Because if you can fit an NFL football, if you're asked, you can do anything. All right, after this video, I'll go back to my traditional helpful videos because this series is getting a little out of hand. But if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link below. It's 20 videos. It's 20 bucks. It's a 30-day program that will definitely kick your ass. And if you can't justify that, there's no hope for you. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the science-based BICEF video, I'll leave a link for that. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: ABSOLUTE BEST Way To Improve Your Squat (Quad Growth Hack!) [5_n9wvmXnA0].txt ===

Alright, today we're gonna get you some big esclauds by increasing the depth of all your squat movements. Give you the ability to ship more that weight into your quads and most importantly, still maintain driving through this hills. You're actually engaged with the muscles that you want to engage and it's simple as it sounds. It just comes down to ankle mobility. And before you say this video is not for me, I go hard in the pain of my squats and trust me two years ago. If I want to solve this video, my feet started watching it and realizes about ankle mobility. I would have been in my pockets looking around and I put that. But you're gonna quickly realize that the name of the game isn't just depth because it's one thing to get down there. It's holding a thing to be able to actually control and shift that weight and engage those quads at the very bottom of the lift, that's gonna lead to some real gross. Let's get after it. Alright, so I'm gonna give you three things to do that. If you do it over the next seven days, it'll dramatically change your squat. Really not only your squat, I need to stress this even more that think about something like the leg press where you can walk your feet all the way to the bottom, but still maintain driving through this hills. So you can see how it's gonna put more of a stretch and stress on those quads. So first thing we're gonna do though is figure out how FWR. So you're gonna put the ball of your foot on the wall, heel in the floor and your knees can tell us everything we need to know. If you can't touch or need to the wall, you're a little bit screwed up. So, sort of drive it forward and there's gonna be a stretch, but if you can't get anywhere near, then we've got a lot of work to do. What's the leads into the first exercise or stretch? How everyone can categorize it? And it simply is that putting that foot on the wall and driving that knee forward repeatedly. Now, if you can get there, great, you're in the special class, just increase the angle and then keep at it. And you have to simple concept, but I often find the simple concepts are the most effective. I mean, it's a simple concept to wipe your ass, but if you don't, you have a shitty day. All right, next up, we're gonna abuse that Achilles in calf. Now, I'm using this giant dumbbell, you can use a kettlebell. It doesn't matter. I just like this thing because it looks ridiculous. You're gonna start it with your Achilles and work up the calf. Now, you're gonna rotate clockwise, counterclockwise, up and down, and to put more pressure on it, I'll you just lift yourself up or even just cross your leg. It depends on how screwed up you are. Now, keep in mind, we're just going to have an influx ability issues. If you have weak ankle problems, then we'll go over your whopping another video. All right, I saved the most dangerous one for last. Now, this is not when you want your buddy to help out with because the worst possible time to figure out that he's a jerk is when you got a resistance band pointing at your asshole. So attach it to a heavy dumbbell, a rack, doesn't matter. And I prefer it like a higher bench than this because I want that band to pull more of a downward angle, but it's getting the job done. It's keeping that heel down. So from there, it's just about leaning forward and cranking on that stretch. Last little bonus tip that'll make a big difference is a couple times a day sitting the squat you want. Now, it's not going to be comfortable at first, but after doing these stretches for seven days and then sitting in the position for six seconds at a time, you'll notice that things change. Not only can you actually sit here in your comfortable, but now you can actually control and shift your weight and move your hips and dictate how you drive from those clots and it's going to change everything for you. Now, if you're somebody who wants to see these stretches done for a longer period of time or maybe you got other issues, I'm going to link to my buddy who's just a phenomenal chiropractor and his channel's even more no bullshit than mine that I don't even think he speaks on his videos. He just stretches for a long period of time. You can watch him do it and it really helps out. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get growing. Talk you soon.

=== FILE: ADVANCED Barbell Back Workout (GOOD LUCK!) [-jbciuWL3YY].txt ===

All right, today we're taking this barbell alone and building radicous looking back. Now, first, let me say if you're brand new, probably isn't for you. There's some advanced lifts that aren't easy to do. Also, if you're training just for strength, this video isn't for you either. Let's not my goal. I train for the superficial benefits. I want somebody to be able to judge me from a distance and say, I think I look like an asshole. That way, when they're forced interact with me, I don't disappoint. So if that's you too, let's get after it. All right, today we're training that entire back, and I'm gonna do it in the worst order possible. We're starting out with a very stiff deadlift. It really puts the owner's on you to engage and contract that back to the movement. Because with regular deadlift, there's so many variables and things that can go wrong. And when you're deadlifting for hypertrophy, it's very easy to lose sight of the fact that your goal should be to put as much good stress on that back as possible. And instead, you just end up moving the weight. You're gonna start out like a normal deadlift, but three cores the weight down, you're gonna stop and hold it for three seconds. He there is make sure all that stress is on your back. Doesn't drift on your hamstrings. Doesn't go anywhere else. That back is nice and safe. It's nice and flat. From there, instead of just standing it up and finishing it off like a normal deadlift, what I want you to do is start the contraction off in your lats. You're starting by engaging those lats, pulling that bar towards you, that entire upper back is gonna contract. And the entire movement is gonna feel like more of an active movement. Instead of just a static contraction, we're just holding the weight and just trying to put as much heavy as we're on your back. And you're gonna be able to contract through the movement and get more engaged in that entire back. All right, for this next one, you're gonna have to go even lighter than you did for the last one. Because it's one of the few cases where we're gonna purposely disengage that mid and upper back. So if you do this wrong, you're probably gonna die. It's critical that that lower back stays engaged the entire time. If you lose it, it's gonna be interesting. If you lose it, it's gonna be great. It's going to be great. If you lose it, it's going to be great. If you lose it, it's going to be great. You're gonna be great. You're gonna be great. You're gonna be great. You're gonna be great. lose it, your turn's over, you're done. Because all we want is movement that upper back, so then we can drive that contraction right in that mid back, build thickness in those lower lats. Some people don't like me saying lower lats. Coincidentally, those are all sorts of people that don't like any thickness in that lower part of the lats where they originate. So we're also trying to make that upper back work as much as possible too. So make sure you flare those lats out as you go down and then contract them back as you come up. So I'm going to do me a favor and comment the true story below, because I have no idea of this is. But when I was younger, someone told me that during tours by step, by doing reverse grip roles. And it scared this shit out of me. I mean, obviously, I think we all have some underlying fear of tearing a muscle, but the idea of that by step popping off and rolling up into your shoulder, kind of like one of those things you just to slap on your wrists is just doing the same thing. So I got a little bit more inventive with my training. I brought him back in with a couple of tweaks. First thing is I do them a lot lighter. But more importantly than that, I take that same concept I have when I'm trying to target lats on the seated row and bring it over here. So the elbows on the fixed position, therefore I got to get movement in that entire back to keep that same angle of the elbow and follow the natural arc of those lats. And like I said, I have a lot of fun here. I'll tell you how I put it in the corner. That's veryrespinational, All right, we're gonna finish off by tearing up that upper back. So what we're gonna do is a nice controlled row with their back parallel to the floor, elbows nice and high, and because we don't want to miss any part of that upper back, all the way from those rear delts back into those traps, we're gonna go hands fairly close to start, working our way out, getting wider and wider every set. I like to think Home Depot, not for sponsored this video, but when you're tired, it's pretty comfy bucket. Well done. And if you need more tips on back training, here's a link to another video, also just another one of my favorites. Most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and as always, get after a good grown talk to you soon.

=== FILE: AMAZING SHOULDER WORKOUT (..NOT WHAT YOU THINK!) [zr2JXvKv5uE].txt ===

So the day started out like normal, woke up, got up, made some coffee, drank said coffee, immediately had to shit, went to go wipe my ass and realized, this is a source my shoulders have been in a long time and it was from the dumbest workout. But it had two things going for it. There were movements that my body wasn't used to and I had an incredible connection. So today we're going to go over that exact shoulder workout and I have to take those two principles and turn any shoulder workout into a winner. Let's get after it. So no one's ever proud of or wants to admit when they have a half-ass workout but let's face it. Life happens. And this particular case, I was up all night the night before filming so I got no sleep, busy with the dogs the entire next day. So by the time we got the gym, it was late the next night and I tried everything. Try to snort a few lines of pre-workout. No effect. I even tried that trick when you're on a road trip and you're nodding off so you start pulling out leg hairs, try to snap out of it, nothing. But my ego was too strong to go home. So I told my wife, you know what? Even more than ever we're going to focus on using different angles and really just trying to get that connection. And unlike that time in a Mexico bar where I tried to arm wrestle everybody, chanting USA and then trying to turn around to get my friends involved and realized I was by myself. This is one of those cases that haven't ego really worked out because I added a few exercises to my list of favorites and I didn't end up in a jail in Mexico with nothing but a jar of mayonnaise. So it was a big win. So if you've seen any of my videos in the past, you know that for poster redelts, I'm a huge fan of rotations. Either done in a 45 degree angle to work against gravity or sit nice and tall, work against no gravity and and spite what some people think. And that's still a phenomenal exercise for your rear delts. You don't believe me. If you're sitting at home watching this while you're taking a shit, just tuck your elbows into your side and rotate those hands back and flex as hard as you can. You'll find that the thing that contracts the most are those rear delts. But on this particular workout, I didn't trust myself wielding two dumbbells. So instead, I said about bench on a steeping climb. Used at hand closest to it to support myself and then lean against it. What that allowed me to do is do rotations where I'm parallel to the floor. But as I get closer to the top, I can lean against that bench and rotate even more open up that shoulder creates a more intense contraction. And as good as that one was, this one was even better because I set up like a normal T with a palm supinated and you come right out to the side. But instead of doing that, you follow the contraction of your rear delts, which will bring you a little bit more back and down. And this one lights you up. Music So next, I went over to cables because when you're chasing a connection, these are going to be your best friend. And you're only going to benefit from slowing down and flexing each rep. So what I did is I broke down cable side ladders into three sections. The top, the middle, and the very bottom. And the cool part about that is you get to progressively easier as you go. We know that those parcels at the top are a horrible experience. You can do 15 reps there, but because you get easier, you're able to do 15 reps in the middle and parses at the bottom. But I figured why not throw a little salt on it and do 15 full reps at the very end. And if you're sitting or thinking, that's a lot of reps. What else are you doing with your life? So I went over to hit bus drivers, but then I noticed a little lady next to me who was just happier than hell to be there, working through a York acid buildup. And then envision myself starting bus drivers slowly fading and eventually passing out and dumping that plate right on that sweet little lady's velcro shoe and ending her life. So instead, I opted for a single arm press. And normally I'd opt for something other than an impressed, but this one's a little bit different because we're going to really isolate the anterior dealt by holding the elbow in a fixed position. So as you go down, really four-step stretch by leaning back. As you can track up, lean forward and only contract his highs that anterior dealt will let you. And you're going to find that you can use a lot less weight. You have a better connection. And even people with jacked up shoulders are going to love this one. Lastly, we're going to finish it up by hitting more rear delts because most people need it on cables and really focusing on hitting different angles and paths. So starting out with a bent over right up to the side, then walking a little bit forward squeezing up and out and then lastly back and down. Now just as if not more important, we're going to focus on getting an extreme stretch, which is a little counter intuitive, but we're using such lightweight, we're doing 20 reps, that starting in that extreme stretch position is going to really give you a better connection that rear dealt because you're already going to be engaged because you're forcing that stretch. And then from there, you just have to not lose the connection as you come down. If you haven't got the garage program yet because of financial reasons, that sucks because it's $20. I'm legally not allowed to give financial advice, but if I were, I would say get some ping pong balls or harmonica and start only fan spage. Good after.

=== FILE: ARM WORKOUT For BIGGER Biceps + Triceps (Bodyweight + Dumbbell) [R1oGlOv-vjE].txt ===

Alright, so today we're hitting armists. We're still using light weight because that's the most people are stuck with right now, but we can still blow those arms up with super set. So let's get after it. Alright, so today's really about connecting to the muscle maximized every contraction because anybody can walk in, grab 40-50 pounds, try to curl it, hope to get results, but unless you have great arm genetics, nothing's going to happen. And today I'm going to limit myself to 15 pounds and put stress on the muscle in different ways through different tempo, angle, static holds. And really that's all you're doing when you're adding weight to exercise anyways. And usually when you do that, you get so many secondary muscles involved that you really lose the connection you have of the muscle you're trying to work. So instead of taking the easy route, let's take a connected that muscle, get some growth, and it's going to serve you in the long run. Alright, so I'm going to start with drag curls, super set it with a reverse grip, school, pressure variation. And to get the most of these drag curls, I'm going to do a three second hold the top. And then really to put more stress on the muscle and hit it from a different angle, we're going to hit it from two different variations, but we're going to go back to back. So the first one's going to mimic an incline drag curl. So leaning back slightly, keep on that straight line, three second hold the top, shoot it for 10 reps from there, lean slightly forward, and I'm okay on these if you get a little explosive because at this point you should get a little blunt your arms. You should be hard to even curl up at all. So drive it up the concentric part of the movement, three second hold the top, and then slow that negative. And then from there we're going to go on the lying school crusher. And the way we do that is by pushing those dumbbells together the entire time, make sure that forms stays tight, those elbow state tucked in, and then we're going to push the angle back even further. So further than 45 degrees, almost feel like you're doing a seated French press, it's so far back as you flex over top of your head, and then make sure you slow down the movement. Five second negative, five second positive, really control, and just feel like you're just flexing it up. All right, next up we got a curl that really works against gravity, making these 15 pounds feel nearly impossible. So I just called these row curls basically in their lean back, slightly elevate those dumbbells the entire time, and roll back into you. Now the part of this moment you really want to slow down and get more stress on that bicep isn't the top of the movement like most exercises. It says you extend forward, so make sure as you're extending out, really slow down the movement, put more stress on that bicep, do a static hold for a second, and then squeeze it back in. All right, from there we're going to go into reverse grip push-up where I'm only going to slightly turn that wrist where I'm comfortable. I'm going to go not go on the ground. Most people can grab a dumbbell feel a little bit better on their wrist. It's just whatever you feel more comfortable with. If you can't do either, then just do a neutral grip. Now I just like to turn that wrist because you get more engagement on the long head. All right, so we're finishing up with a very some hammer curls. Show them those dumbbells together the entire time. Elbows tucked in front of you, leaning back on the way down, leaning forward on the way up, and then stop that contraction about halfway. Flex those wrist stops, really, and it gets that breaky, I'll see even more. And at this point, the arms are already still blown up. I just want to exercise that I can jump back and forth between biceps, triceps, and just finish them off. I don't want to do any unilateral work. So we're going to do the floor variation of it. Try to set extensions. If I keep those hands nice and flat to the floor, tuck them underneath you, and then flex and straight up. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell. Again, I'll leave that link so if you want to put your email in there, you get notified when the course drops, then you can get after it, get growing. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: ARM Workout For Serious GROWTH (YOU NEED THIS!) [00DYUVP1t5o].txt ===

Alright, today we're going through a full arm day. Sets, reps, rest time. We'll even go over to do if you accidentally sit on your balls. And if you don't get results from this one, you're defective. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So today we're doing all supersets. Some of which I would bet you've never done before. We're doing this for two reasons. First one is the connection and pump you get with these is ridiculous. Especially when you're really limit those rest times. They amount of metabolic stress you can induce is on a whole other level. The second reason is because it just feels better. I don't know about you, but I met that awkward age in life where I'm no longer the young version of myself that didn't even alarm clock. My dick would wake me up. I'd skip to the gym. Do whatever the hell I wanted with no repercussions, no joint pain. I'd have a friend throw medicine ball at me as I did crunches. And then I'd skip home. Now if somebody threw a medicine ball at me, I'd puncture along and I'd shit liquid for a week. But I'm also not at that place where I get special treatment. Like this counts with a grocery store or being able to get naked in public and pretend like I'm seen now. So I don't get in trouble. I met that spot where after a long night's rest, I feel worse. I feel like somebody kicked my ass. So this is a great way to really grease everything up. Get some blood in those hand-takitous muscles and just feels better. And because I know people are going to wonder what the hell this thing is. I'm very detesting this product for a company that basically just monitors your blood sugar 24-7 and gives you a little bit of insight on what's going on. It's pretty brilliant. See what foods affect you. And then I think there's really any downside until it was at the gym today and some kid ran up all excited. Oh my god, you're just like me. Pulled up his shirt and had an insulin pump. Yes, I'm just like you. Except I'm using mine to figure out a way to eat more fucking cookies. But other than that, same same. So we're starting off on the Smith machine doing a reverse grip press. Really targeting those triceps by tucking those elbows in. And these are great for a couple of reasons. First one is you're not going to end your life because yeah, you can do them with a straight bar freeway style. But that butt hole is going to be nice and tight as you rack and unwrapped that weight because more than likely you're going to take that suicide grip because it gives you the best connection. But I also think these are just better. Especially when you set the bench up like this, hang your butt off the edge. Really allows you to adjust the angle of your body and find what really lights those triceps up. From there, just take a little weight off, hop to the other side and go right into Smith drag curls. And I would just do a couple of reps leaning forward, couple of leaning back. Let's see what hurts you the most and there is no rest in between. How long takes you to take the weight on and off? That's it. Let's right back to the pain. So I know a lot of people have speculated in a wire sheet of my head. People think I did it because I was losing my hair. Others think I did it for a dick joke. But it was obviously my way of showing support for the free Britney movement. What I saw is the next way to level up and go full asshole. Which is important since right now we're back in the gym amongst people that are in our way. And I've said this before, you want to get to the point where you're big enough that no one can say shit to you. But there's also another side to that where you want to get to the point where you didn't even think twice. You just do what needs to be done because it's the best thing for you, like sitting on the ground next to the cable machine. And the next superset both have a mechanical drop built in. Starting out by sitting on the ground against a bench with a cable French press. As you start to fail, you lean back. You'll lose to that form. Random cable school crusher. Well, fucked in my armpits. So it goes up. From there, take a seat, lean back at a 45 degree angle. Go all the way down to you, touch those legs and then fire it up. Once you fail, we're going to go right into one of my favorite parts of movement. So I love doing a machine curl. But we can mimic the same thing on here by using those knees to stop us. Really just shorten that range of motion. Cut in half and force out whatever dignity you have left. Never let anybody tell you that regular old dumbbell curls and close grip pushups are a bad idea. Unless you're doing 10 sets of each, no rest in between. That's a real fucking stupid idea. And that's what we're doing. You're going to tuck those elbows in your stomach, lean slightly forward and push it to failure each time. And then you're going to take those pieces of shit with you to the floor and do it our variation you connect with most. You're going to slightly pronate those hands, neutral grip or even a little bit of a supination. You'll know. Trust me. You'll know. So just to heads up, the full gym program will be out. Two and a half, three weeks from now. And if you took the garage program, you'll get access to it first. And if you didn't, it's 20 bucks and it's kind of like this. We kick your ass, but we'll shit you have around the house. Dumbbells, barbell, squat rack. If you have that, you can do it. And if you haven't seen this video yet, you're going to want to watch it because it helped you fix some of the mistakes you might be making on arm day. And this will help you with your dive. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. Seon.

=== FILE: Absolute BEST At Home Exercises (Abs, Chest, Shoulders, Triceps) [Pp6KdE_zQzs].txt ===

All right, today we're going over my favorite at home exercises because recently the list has changed. Let's get after it. So recently I came out with a program that I thought for sure is going to be tough to come up with new and inventive ways to torture people because the way it works is people give me money. I put that in a jar on top of my fridge and collectively we just destroy ourselves. But the caveat is all we have is a bench, barbell, dumbbells, bodyweight. Turns out, not only is it easy to murder each muscle group, but this has been the source I've been in a long time. After every time I'm done filming a video for the program, I'm sitting there trying to buy a jacuzzi online, hyperbaric chamber. I got three or four appointments at various happening massage parlors. So inspired by that, I'm going to go over my new favorite exercises more specifically, sets that have caused me to hug the handicapped stall and ice my newly acquired testicle. So starting out with chest and you'll be happy to know you don't need a lot of weight to play along because no one with presses, you need a whole dumbbell rack to get it done. But if you slow it down and do a 10 second negative and a 10 second positive and you pair that with drop sets, you'll regret it immediately. Just make sure your pencil is shoulder blades together and your chest is the highest point and as you're contracting up, only come as high as that chest will allow you to go. Don't force it any higher with those anterior delts or triceps. So this next one I love because obviously it worked but also how much it defeated me. You know you're on the right track when you feel like you need to go to counseling afterwards. So what it is is three different variations of a dumbbell push-up done back to back to back. So you start out trying to mimic that incline but putting your feet on a bench, then you go right to a traditional flat and the last one you're trying to mimic a decline so you're going to really arch step back, keep those hips close to the floor and try to make a decline press out of it. And this is also when you can utilize for triceps but bringing those dumbbells closer together and tuck in your elbows in. So if I had to choose just one exercise for shoulders, that's going to be tough because most of the death threats came when we did really high rep giant sets. So we started out with exercise for anterior delts, then lateral head, then posterior delts and then we did one that screwed them all. And on top of that we made tweaks to each exercise to make them even worse. So for that lateral head we did side ladders but we slowed it down to a crawl. For that posterior delt we did rid out flies but we stood at the top of the movement. For the anterior delt we did front raises but we also leaned forward and for the scruly entire delt movement we just did bus drivers because those already suck. Now abs is an easy choice because I distinctly remember waking up one morning, accidentally reaching back to stretch and then my eyes almost popped out of my head because my abs just contracted me into the fetal position and I've talked myself out of some crazy situations in my life but it turns out it's a lot harder to keep a straight face when you're trying to convince your wife for something you actually didn't do. No honey honey you don't understand. I'm not trying to suck my own my abs did it. Oh. Yep that's still not easier. You're doing a weighted drop set of V up so you start with the dumbbell between your hands and your feet. Once you fail you drop the one in your hands once you fail again drop one in your feet and then just jerk your way up to the top. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program I'll leave a link in the description but just a little warning it's not easy but most importantly if you haven't watched these videos click those next or hit subscribe hit the notification bell because that makes me happy get after get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Awaken & Grow Your GLUTES (FLAT BUTT FIX!) [dAQeLNv33zI].txt ===

Alright, today we're hitting glutes and it's less about the exercises you're doing wrong and more about the ones you're probably not even doing. And if you neglect your glutes, all your compound lifts are going to suffer. So let's fix that flat at it. Alright, so we're starting off with the glute band and I know what you're thinking because I'd be thinking it too. It's bad enough I'm watching some random guy train glutes. Now to pretend like I'm buying this for somebody else, take it to gym, hide in the corner and hope nobody sees me, but here's the thing. You want more developed glutes? You got to commit the fact that you're going to look awful. I don't care if you can just put seven plates aside. If you're doing something like hip thrust, you're still just humping the air. And whatever you do, don't make eye contact with somebody. First, you do is going to literally throw up in their mouth. And this is a few benefits. The first thing if you ever problem connect those glutes, it's going to fix it immediately. Because you're going to try to clap those knees in. You're going to have to engage those glutes, drive those knees out to keep proper alignment and proper form. And what I think is just as important is you can modify the exercise itself and make it that much more intense. So one of the ways you can do that is to hip thrust up, hold the top into a static hold. And then from there, your drive of those knees in and out to really pre-exhaust the glutes, do 20 reps there and then go right into your set of actual hip thrust. And another variation you can do is by using the band to peek out the top of the contraction. The way you're going to set this up is actually by turning your toes out just to hair because as you drive up, you're actually going to exaggerate those knees and drive them out even more. And I can tell you, good luck with this one. This one sucks. So, sumo delicessor phenomenal for glutes. But the problem is I love the way most people do them, which is that straight up and down method which passes for good form. But the problem is most people are so inflexible those hips as they start to go down. They lose the form of that butt tuck underneath. And on top of that, doing in this style, three quarters of the movement is all dominated by your quad. So, if this is you, congratulations your D student, your bumper stickers in the mail. I think a better way to do this is similar how to talk about lats, keeping that I want to fix position and follow the natural arc of your lats. Same idea here. And keep those knees bent in a fixed position. Let's get a limit how much quad you're involved. And then from there, you're going to hands over top of the hips the entire time. Make sure you're driving and pulling from those glutes. So I'm going to say about half the people that do that last exercise are going to feel more in their lower back than their glutes. And that's just because most people don't prioritize their low back training or don't do it correctly. And don't take them in the bad way because once you get that lower back stronger, your hip thrusts or similar to that, even your squats are going to dramatically improve. So, but we're going to fix that problem with this exercise and include ham rays. Now we have a machine exactly for this. It's a reverse hyper, but I'm not going to show you that one because most people won't have that in their gym or in their home gym. But if you do have a home gym, you're looking for a piece. That's a great piece. So put that on your birthday list along with those other weird, forverted sexual favors you asked wherever you're never get. So the way you're going to do this is by hopping on the opposite side of the glute ham rays laying on top, and the crest of those hips and sledding down just enough because of the top of the movement, you're going to be parallel to the floor, legs nice and straight. And the bottom you want to be completely perpendicular. And the way we're going to make this not just a lower back exercise, but also hit those glutes is you're going to drive those heels together during entire time, turn those toes out and that's where you're going to do it. Just going to engage those glutes even more. Now if you're somebody who can't squat more than a few sets with that lower back flaring up, I've seen this work wonders in just a few weeks. So make sure you add this to your routine. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next, and get after you get growing. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: BACK WORKOUT To Get That WIDE & THICK V-Taper! [NGEZY_Gf-2I].txt ===

are today we're hitting back and I love it's because I'm constantly fighting out the inner soul that makes up the majority of my personality or because it takes a concerted effort for me to be a good human but I realize I haven't done a full back day in a long time which is incredibly important because if I asked you if you wanted wider lats or thicker back or more of a V taper your answer would be yes so let's stop wasting time let's get after so back is one of those body parts I can never just walk in hit two three exercises call it a day it's just not enough for me it's composed of two different muscles to the point where you can break it down in his sections but without being said I would never split up back training I know a lot of people like to do lats on one day and then pair mid back and lower back with something else to me that's disgusting and some of this baddest training quads and biceps together feel that vomit it's coming so today I'm gonna be a little bit more succinct on the reasons I show certain exercises as well as the tweaks on form because we got a lot more to go through and I don't think it's important what section of the back you hit first you can go lats first you can go mid back although I wouldn't recommend hitting that lower back first unless you got some sort of deep rooted self hatred because you could potentially blow that back up and ruin your entire back day so what I'm gonna start with is a little bit more mid back that lower lat by doing a seated cable row but using two individual handles and leaning forward now the reason for the individual handles is because I'm gonna really get my elbows involved during this movement during the negative portion I'm gonna drive those elbows in as much as possible to flare those lats out and as they come back and contract up not only when it pulls towards me but because of the individual handles I'm gonna try to pull apart as much as possible to engage those lats and the lean forward is because most people just do this wrong they just focus too much I'm pulling as much weight as possible which if you need to do it do one set pull the whole stack we down with it lighten it up because what I want you to do is lean forward because if you lean back it's all traps you lean forward just do it in your chair right now sitting that position you're gonna feel your mid back just light up now just imagine pulling weight in that position it's gonna hurt Next up we're doing a very similar lap pull down with a similar concept of the last exercise so using those two individual handles because God forbid anybody else gets to use them so what I want you to do is lean forward during the negative portion movement but this time it's not to get that mid back involved it's in hopes of really stretching that lap so just as important as you lean forward to stretch that lap makes you don't let that arm extend if you do you get engaged at bicep you lose the connection of your lap so make sure you keep the elbow and fix position and really it should feel like you're doing a pull over the entire time and if the very bottom really just separate those handles to engage me even more All right next up we went absolutely nowhere because sometimes it's just nice to sit on a machine and ruin somebody else's day and it goes without saying that different handles help you target different parts of your back and it's obvious but what I really wanted to emphasize by taking a wide grip is that sometimes we forget to focus on what we should be pulling with because truthfully unless you're really underdeveloped human a fully contracted back won't get that bar down to your chest you're going to get those biceps involved to get it all the way down so this moment's really about lagering that focus contracting just with that back and taking all those secondary muscles out of the equation next up we got bent over dumbbell rows and the way I typically do these is parallel out of the floor and the reason for that is I want to make my entire back work as hard as possible to stabilize me and keep me upright and the benefit here over just doing traditional barbell is that just by rotating your wrist or changing the angle of your elbows you can completely change this movement so if you have any shoulder impenetraments you might want to take a neutral grip or if you want to hit those traps you can do what I'm doing today which is flare those elbows out so you're pointing up into that upper back so then the entire movement is that lower back driving all the way into that upper back all right we're finishing up with reverse hypers now if you have the machine for these by all means use that but if you don't it's still a phenomenal exercise just doing these up the back of a bench doesn't mean that people won't see you putting your junk close to where they lay their head and never use that bench again but that's their problem the only difference here between this one and the dedicated machine is you're not going to use weight on these you want to slow down the movement and really contract that back as always like subscribe with an notification bell leave a comment for the video you want next and get after we get growing talk to you soon

=== FILE: BEST Cardio To LOSE FAT and BUILD MUSCLE？! [BcQgqS1zncs].txt ===

So if you've seen this channel in the past, you know where I stand. Cardu can only be used as a tool to help you amplify the progress you're already making. Never accret you lean on to get results. And yeah, both low and high intensity have their own unique benefits, but that's not where we're going over today. Today we're answering the question on whether or not you can implement Cardu in a way that not only helps you break through any fat loss platos you might be having, but also helps you put on some muscle. And there is when you do it like this. Let's get after it. So you may have noticed some sport in the backyard version that comes fully rusted and it's been marked on by several of our dogs. And that's simply because this is how my wife and I settle arguments because as you know, the assault bike is all knowing. So the way we do it is we hop on the first one to give up is the lying piece of shit. But you don't need this nice of a model. Most gyms are going to have some version of assault bike that allow you to do what I'm about to tell you. And I do think it's important to reiterate how vital this, for anybody who hasn't really seen any results in terms of decreasing their body fat, to at least make some progress with diet alone. That way you never feel stuck or a handcuffed to a trainer. And you'll know exactly what you should or shouldn't put in your face because if you've been in this industry long enough, you've ran into a few trainers who's only answered for their client who wants to lose weight is to add Cardio. And every time their client hits a plateau, the only thing they know how to do is increase the Cardio to a point where it gets obscene. And this is especially disheartening when somebody's getting ready for a body building or fitness competition. And this is their regimen because you know after the show, you're going to get at least 15 pounds. And especially disheartening when it's a woman because you see the whole transition and you see the train wreck about to happen because a week before the show, they're exhausted, but they feel great about the way they look. So they show up to the gym and basically band aids and dental floss. And then a week after they show up in a snow suit, you just look at their trainer like, you're really less much you've done. Fuck it up. Moral of the story don't rely on Cardio, but to the point the way you're going to implement this strategy is on leg day after you've destroyed your legs as you're walking out, pull off that headphone and listen closely. Kind of the way you're doing, you're going to hotel room and you hear the neighbors next to you. So you turn down the TV volume real quick to see if you can hear him having sex like that. If you listen closely, you'll hear the salt bike talking shit to you. Side note, don't ever do this at the gym. It's probably staying with Farts. So what you're going to do is after you trash your legs and go on through every exercise you plan to do, you're going to hop on the assault bike and do three 30 second rounds. And for the person asked how hard should you push yourself, is hard as you possibly can. Take a minute, two minutes rest in between whatever you need, but the idea here is to transform what you previously thought of as Cardio and do another exercise you do on leg day. And this comes with obvious benefits. One, the calories you burn while you're doing this because it's a form of Cardio. The second, whatever after burn effect you get now the jury's still out on how long this actually lasts and how significant this is. But I know for me personally when I implement this even an off day when I just do it by itself, I'm burning up. Have that awkward experience when you go to a public place and everybody seems comfortable around you and you got sweat dripping on through face and got giant fit stains and. Yeah, that that's my experience. It's hot in here. Pretty hot out there huh January pretty hot. And finally way I think is the biggest benefit is it sets the standard reminds you to effort that's required to make a signature. And it carries over to the rest of your training because we've all seen those people with the gym just mozier around do a couple like Lester sets they hop on the treadmill and drag ass and then they get frustrated. They're not changing but just want to go up to an ask them why are you even here. I'm sure you masturbate hard in this and it goes without saying those three 30 second rounds are just a starting point if you're go get her start and end your leg day with it or up into five sets and at that point congratulations. You're doing cardio like an adult and if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30 day program it's 20 videos it's 20 bucks it's 30 days and it'll kick your ass man. If you haven't watched these videos I've watched those next but most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after it get growing. Dr. Soon.

=== FILE: BEST Leg Exercise For Growth (YOU NEED THIS!!) [qVC129FGdno].txt ===

All right, today we're going to run out of fixed the fact that looks like you borrowed your 12 year old little brother's legs by going to renextize everybody should be doing and how to do it in the way you could even more out of it. We're talking walking lunch is so let's get after it. If you're sitting there thinking, what else can I learn about them? They're simple. You walk your lunch. That's it. If that's your mindset, that's fine. Go back to talking up between your legs and we're in skinny jeans because obviously you should understand a general concept of walking lunch. If you didn't, you wouldn't have made it this far in life. You wouldn't have been hit by a car trying to cross the street or you wouldn't have eaten enough pastes of kid to go septic. These are about the modifications you can make to turn this good exercise into a phenomenal one. Now compound exercise is usually come with a price like deadless. No one's got to read this. Not the best exercise for any of that entire post you're chained, but if you're gross prioritize one of those muscle groups over others, then you can make the case that pick in a hyper target exercise. It's going to get you better results. For instance, if you want to hit those mid or upper traps, then do an astrogourous slightly tilted forward or even do an arach dead. We'll get you better results than a typical deadlift. And that's what makes walking lunch is so great. Because in their most basic form, you're going to destroy everything from the waist down, but mid exercise, you can change it and target specific areas. And just in case your somebody that does better with analogies, it's like the reason we're all drawn to be phase. We don't go there because they have the best taste and dessert. We go there and attempt to hurt ourselves with food because we're perfectly okay shoving as many shitty desserts on a face as possible. Even if they taste like they've been in the fridge for two weeks, because we just want to be full and happy. Now walking lunches are the adult version of that. It's making a map of all the best desserts at each restaurant in town and driving to each of them until you're physically ill. So starting out the angle at which you step out obviously matters. If you're going to as a traditional lunch with no modifications, that tells me okay with having to average life. A wife, a couple kids eventually fall in hard times, get divorced and it with cirrhosis liver and die alone. But if you want more in life, then just take a couple steps in will completely change the exercise. Because now that that front foot is almost completely in line with that back when it's going to force you to drive that knee open, but also shift your weight from side to side cause you to activate and gauge and tear up those glutes. Or you can target those ad doctors as well as that vastest media else by stepping out at a 45 degree or even greater angle while simultaneously making everybody else in the gym's life miserable because you're taking up so much damn space. So another thing I don't see a lot of people do is factoring and how they're going to execute each rep. Am I going to drive through each one? Some more quon and glute based are going to pull myself up with each rep more hamstring and glutes. So if my goal is to drive through each rep, I can take anything from a medium step where my knee is directly over my heel to the extreme end where my knee is drifting way of my toe, but I'm also going to lean forward to put more of a stretch on that quad and glute. And if my goal is to pull myself up with every rep, I can take a medium step or even longer because I want to put more of a stretch on that hamstring, but also as I'm coming up, I'm going to rotate over top of those hips and lean back that way my hamstring has to contract me up, but also drag that back foot to give me a little bit of balance, but make sure I'm pulling that other leg into the other one so you're contracting and dragging them together, it's a horrible pain. And I probably should go over how high to come up with each rep because height matters. That's why we're on a dating app. The person will give you a couple bullshit questions first and then go right into, it doesn't matter and may it's no big deal, but how tall are you? I would err on the side of staying lower because there's no reason to lock out that knee only increase your risk of potential injury and you take the tension off of whatever leg muscles you're trying to hit. So let's end this by issuing a challenge and not like to push up challenge like everybody else is doing because if it's not push ups, I'm not interested. Instead, over the next four weeks, every single leg day do a different variation of walking lunges could be the monster walk, could be 180 continuous steps where you don't stop even if your form starts to break down, could be weighted lunges where you hit more glue, add doctor, hamstring focus, it doesn't matter, just make sure it's really high reps and it sucks. And be sure to tag me with whatever sadistic and stupid ideas you come up with. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll link that below. Good luck, but make sure you watch these two videos next and subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it, get growing. Dirt you soon!

=== FILE: BEST Pull Workout For MASSIVE GROWTH! (Back⧸Biceps⧸Rear Delts) [KtVgdCueTz4].txt ===

All right, today we're going through a full full workout because I've seen some of the videos and they all share one common thing. They're not hard enough. So put down that sandwich your mom made for you with iron kids bread. Let's get f***ing after it So this video came about because somebody reached out and they said, hey, I've seen a couple other people do a series on push poll legs And I know you don't train that way, but it'd be interesting to get your take and I responded the same way I always do which is I back out of the message request and pretend like I didn't see it But then I kept getting the same message and I thought you know a better check these videos out when I did I realized not as the intensity not there But the exercise selection was off as well and even though I'm a bro split kind of guy I thought I can't let my ego get in the way because we all know what happens when you do you end up sitting around the campsite with nothing But a broken dick in your hand and a negative balance in your bank account. So the most important thing in a push poll likes split is you can't have any wasted exercises on a normal back day You know you're gonna hammer that thing like the gator game at Chuck E. Cheese so you're not worried about it But when you're hitting back focusing on rear delts hitting your biceps and more than likely you're gonna have to hit forums as well You just don't have the time for it. So if to make sure every exercise you do you have a great connection to knowing that we're gonna do lat full downs We're gonna use the V bar handle and do ensure that everybody has a great connection We're gonna do two sets of 30 reps. Nope. Those are just warm-up sets. They don't count. They're just getting ready for the actual working sets What's your drop sets? But you're not gonna grip and rip these you're gonna control it. You're gonna keep the elbow and a fix position and work against the movement So lean forward during the negative lean back during the positive really control it keep it in those lats keep it out of your biceps Or your left test and go whatever you normally strain when you just jerk the weight up and down So I'm a huge fan of any single arm movement for back and less I see somebody do it incorrectly Then I get almost as an rage is when I pull it behind somebody and they have a bumper sticker that says proud parent of the fuckers and that's because you're able to flare that lat and get an extreme stretch Which is normally a hard thing to do but when you're solely focused on one side and really working against the weight It makes you quickly realize the difference between pulling with your bicep and pulling with your back But what you can't do is fully extend that arm if you do you've just disengage that lat So instead keep a slight bend of the elbow and that'll ensure that the eccentric part of the movement is stopped by the fact that that lat is fully stretched And I'm sure you've guessed it by now. We're doing single arm rows, but that's not all because you have to start hitting those rear delts as well So we're gonna do a set of 15 traditional drop the weight flare that elbow out to the side do 15 more So for the next exercise We're grabbing a barbell and doing slow controlled high elbow rows now We're gonna need our lower back for the next one So we're gonna put our butt against the wall just to get low stability and support and make sure we can just focus on those lower lats Driving up those mid traps and then into those rear delts and not focusing on the fact that our lower back feels like it's gonna fall out of our ass All right next up. We got dead lives because if you start with them that back pump you get from these Take your soul away and you stop training with the reckless disregard for your own safety and you end up just Shuffin around the gym from machine to machine and if you've been in the program You know it's gonna get ugly because we're doing one heavy set of 10 Right in the two sets of 30 We're finishing up with two bicep exercises We're gonna sprinkle a little bit of four arms and then call it a day and this is where you run in the biggest issue with push pull legs Is that it takes a lot of mental fortitude you really have to convince yourself and if you're not wondering how the fuck you're gonna finish the workout halfway through You're not pushing yourself hard enough. It's worth you get there a fucking feed you pancakes. So the first exercise is a reverse grip cable curl with the straight bar pushing that to failure And then flip those hands over regular curls push that to failure and because I've never met anybody who doesn't have Lopsided arms we're gonna do single arm dumbbell curls use that off arm like a poor man's preacher Push 15 20 reps and then switch the other side go back and forth until you're done You'll know you're done because you're getting like two reps So if you like this video go check out the program. I'll leave a link in the description It's a bros split, but you'll get a lot of dumb ideas from it And if you need more specific help on back or biceps I'd watch these videos next, but most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after it get grown talk to you soon

=== FILE: BIG BACK WORKOUT ｜ BEST V-TAPER EXERCISES [RYrOrBJtX38].txt ===

Are you sitting or wondering why you're back? It's not growing. Just so you know, it's not your genetics. It's not how high your lat's and third. It's not even because you're dead. You don't your mom with the weight just from Applebee's. It's because you're not pushing yourself hard enough. Today, we're going to fix that. Let's get after it. First, let's define what pushing yourself hard it looks like. And for me, nothing to do with how much weight I can lift. Walk in the gym knowing okay, I got to lift this amount of weight on these lifts is tough. But it doesn't even mean that doom and gloom after my life feeling, but failure on the other hand, that's a beautiful metric. Knowing that I got 10 to 15 sets where I have to push myself harder mentally, then I'm physically capable of going that socks. The only thing I can really equate it to is using the amount of weight you lift to track progress is like texting a breakup with your girlfriend. Now failure on the other hand is texting a breakup with her and only using memes. So now all we have to do is kick her out to failure. So we're going to start with benchesis to pull up. So now these are great for the person who can't even do one. If you put that bar up even higher, you get more assistance from your legs. These could be the first step towards doing regular pull ups. But they're also great for that person who's 95 pounds so can wet and they can do 50 pull ups. You put a little weight on their legs and they can pretend like they're a normal weighing adult. And more often than not, you'll see people do these with a really wide grip, but that's not the only way you can do these. You can bring those hands in as close as you want or doing the way I'm about to do them, which is a reverse grip. And like I always preach, fall in the natural arc of those lats. On that last exercise, if you don't mind smashing your junk like play though, then just use a dumbbell like I did. But if you want some a little more stable, you can throw a play on. The best thing you can use is an easy bar, but not everybody has though. So I don't want you to freak out. So this past week I was coming up with creative ways to hurt people. And this one exercise alone is the reason my back is so sore. And it's because you break your back down into three separate sections and you push each of them to failure. You're going to start up by sitting that bent at a 45 degree angle and grabbing some dumbbells. You can do high elbow rows, elbows at 90 degrees for 15 reps. Now obviously you don't stop at 15, you push yourself to failure, but hopefully you pick that right weight when you hit about 15 reps, you're cached. And from there, don't drop them. Just bring those elbows down to 45 degrees and keep going. Because we're starting to recruit those lats now, you're going to be able to pump out some more reps. And once you've found that last one, bring those elbows to your side, which is your strongest point and really screw yourself. Because not only are you rolling up, but also we're going to mimic a hyper extension. So you do everything from those lats all the way into the spinal erectures. So I had no one in question for anybody who's married. I don't know if this is a thing, but I think my wife has given me saddle reminders that she can ruin my life at any time. For instance, I think she's been buying me women's socks. Two can play that game because I'm a bit of a psychological ninja myself. I might not look like I can do saddle, but I can do saddle. So for the next exercise, I'm going to build her own makeshift DIY landmine and kill ourselves with one arm rows. So grab an old t-shirt, a towel, or something, subtle of your wife's. As there's something better than pushing the failure, absolutely. Pushing the failure multiple times with little rest in between. We can do that here with our makehift, one arm row, doing a high elbow row, pushing one side to complete failure, matching it on the other side and without any rest, going back and forth until you're just smoked. Music Are we going to finish off back by hitting traps? Because every time I don't, people scream in the comments like they're requesting, yeah, yeah, ding dong, so here you go. And the good part about them is they're pretty damn resilient. You can push them harder than most muscles and continue to pull out reps. For instance, when you're doing a drop set of shrugs, normal drop sets, you drop the weight, but you end up dropping the reps as well because you're so fatigued, but your traps are different. They can continue to rep out really high rep sets. But we're not doing that because I just did that yesterday, but instead, we'll do something equally hard, a really high rep rest-pause set. But when you're resting, you're not actually gonna rest. You're gonna continue to hold the weight, take your three, four breaths, and get back at it because those traps can take it. You're gonna have to do that. And if you need a little more accountability, I'll link my program below, but essentially it's me force fitting your sh**t sandwich for 30 days, but I ask anybody who's in there, it works. And make sure if you haven't watched these videos, I'll see you next, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it, get growing, talk to you soon.

=== FILE: BIGGER ARMS In 30 DAYS ＂GUARAN-F'N-TEED＂ [NNhFIRpjkeU].txt ===

If you do want to about to tell you over the next 30 days, your arms are going to start growing. I guarantee an F&T it. Let's get after it. So I'm going to break this down in a step-by-step process. But first, the story of Cliff Young. Because I think his story perfectly resembles what so many people do wrong in the gym when it comes to training their arms. So if you're not familiar with Cliff, he's a potato farm that one day decided he's going to run a marathon. And he didn't train 40 to show to big instruction boots and overalls. And not just any marathon, an ultra marathon over 504 miles over seven days, not easy. And when that race started, everybody blew past him because it's Cliff. He sucks. But here's the thing. During the race, you're supposed to run all day and sleep seven hours at night, wake up, run again. Cliff, no clue. The definition of ignorance on fire. You just ran all the way through the night for four straight nights. It ended up sitting a world record and became a legend. Why don't I tell you that story? Because it perfectly highlights the story of Richard Marks who had that same fiery ignorance. Decided he's going to volunteer to dog shelter, even though he's never worked with dogs. And on day one, got his dick bitten off. More of the story, ignorance isn't always bliss. I see so many people train their arms with heavyweight, fast, tempo just getting after it with awful form. Whether it's because they're working through an impinged man or just learn bad behavior either way. They have little to no connection with their arms. And because of that, even though they feel like they're destroying themselves, they're going to make no progress. It's what I call a busy idiot workout. Which brings us to step number one. Start valuing the connection over everything else. And from time to time, I would take a step back and remind myself of this. Because I like to push the tempo for a split and hurt myself like everybody else. But I know if there's no connection, I'm wasting my time. So I'm constantly asking myself, is this as good as it gets? Could it be better? Is there a way I can tweak this exercise to get even more of a connection out of it? And always think back to something that somebody told me when I first started lifting and it really stuck with me because I think it's the true difference between a lead lift or a body builder. And your average gym lifter. And that's when you're working out, you're just flexing as hard as you possibly can. When you walk in the gym, you're just flexing with weight. You're not moving the weight, you're flexing it up. For instance, I was trained at arms last week, do an incline curls and I thought this is good, but it could be better. Damn it. That's the Wonder Woman movie. Because obviously with incline curls, you're trying to hit that long head, but you end up opening up those shoulders as you lay back. So sort of calling that short head, which is not what you want. So I had to again, like I said, take a step back, do unilateral work, turn to one side, force that elbow back, and really turn that shoulder in, made all the difference. And I did the same thing for triceps. I put that bench up, pin my arm against it. So nothing else could be firing, but that tricep flexed it up, help the top of the contraction for five seconds, and a wholely shit the pain found me. So whatever you do, don't forget step number one and flex it up. I want to get that tattoo on your inner thigh. Now, if your arms really start growing over the next 30 days, it's probably because you took step to the heart, because so many people just throw in biceps or triceps at the end of a workout and think, that'll do it. But if you really want them to grow, then they need to be a priority, and they need their own day. I mean, think about it this way. How long do you expect your marriage last with your wife if the way you show affection is once you hear you hurl a gift at her and say, here you go. You got a bunch of flowers and some chocolate, but easy on the chocolate because, you know, boom, boom, boom, boom. That's exactly how you're treating your arms. You're pieces. Which brings us to step number three. Now, some people might argue with me on this, but to me, there's one right way to train your arms. Other body parts. Yeah, try on there and test and see what works best for you. It might be overloading, it might be volume, but for arms volume is king. Unless you want to train your anterior delts and biceps at the same time, doing whatever the hell this is, I won't judge. Just kidding, I'm going to judge you harshly. So for the next 30 days, I'm going to up the volume up the reps, do at least 16 sets for both biceps and triceps and a set only counts when you push it to failure, not a warm upset. I would do at least 20 reps and it's going to hurt. And when you're training legs after a set, you've got to walk it out like a baby giraffe before you can go again, but with arms, they're different. They can take a lot more abuse. Maybe it's because we built up the tolerance to arm pain from our younger years of watching so many hours of vivid DVDs. By the way, did you know, Brandon Banks is actually 510? That means each one of our implants is 20 pounds. I don't know if we should salute her or thank you for your service. So for step 4 in the next 30 days, once you have that connection and there's fire in your muscle, take as little rest as possible. So yeah, you're going to end up using less weight, which is fine. And if you need a rest period, no more than 30 seconds. Just sit there in weas for a second and go again. So to summarize step number one, start valuing the connection over everything else. If you don't connect, change the former, just change the entire exercise because it sucks. Step two, they need their own day. Step three over the next 30 days, the volume is going to be ridiculous. And step four, stop resting so much, grab your inhaler and get after it. I know if you do those four of the next 30 days, your arms are going to grow. I'm going to finish by reading this comment because you'll see 35 years old and have MS. If I can work out five days a week with intensity, anyone can feel like a piece of shit, huh? That was just in case you were going to come up with some sort of excuse of why you couldn't do it. And if you haven't checked out the Fuller Garage program, I'll leave you links in the description. We got some pretty fucking horrible arm days in there. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. If you haven't watched these videos yet, I've watched those. Most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. You soon.

=== FILE: BIGGER Arms Workout (FOR SERIOUS GROWTH!!) [lxnAJ1cHsfs].txt ===

Alright, today we got a full arm day. I leave sets and reps in the description that way everybody can play along at home and let's not waste any time. Let's get after it. So these are some of my favorite videos to film because it gives people a clear path to follow. If you do these exercises in this order in this way, you're gonna get results. Because sometimes when I just show a few exercises here and there, people take those and screw them up. Hey, I carbled it up on three pounds of mac and cheese and paired two sets, the leg exercise you showed with 20 jumping jacks, do you think I'm gonna grow? No. Alright, we're starting out by hitting biceps. So on the easy bar attachment, the cable machine, locking those elbows into your stomach, leaning slightly forward and rep it it out for about 20 reps. I say about because we're pushing it to failure. You could get 18, you could get 25, just try to aim for that higher rep range. And once you fail, there's no rest. We're just doing a mechanical drop. So then we're gonna go right into a nice, slow, controlled drag curl. There's no number to hit, but the same idea applies. You're just kicking your ass to failure. Well, that bad idea seem to work out pretty good. So let's do the same thing for triceps. Push the elbow back and an extreme angle. Start now with school crushers and then bring it slightly down, doing a hybrid of a press and a weird thing. Yeah. Next up, we got some incline curls. Because you've got some thick thighs when doing stand glide. So with that distance, so we can evolve this a little bit from the tip of the身 that that. The rotation of knees is your little leg as you can use. The torque and pelvis are obviously very big and then this is a little declining, even. Very small today. For now that we're changing the move content with low focus, And because you got some thick thighs, we're gonna do them standing instead of seated. And then what we're gonna do is start up by targeting that long head. So elbows are tucked back and in. They stay locked in place. And then once you're spent, we're gonna try to force out some more reps by opening up that shoulder, pulling that short head into it, and then wrapping out whatever you got left. We get the binding sets right next to left. So I've said this before, biceps and triceps are small muscles. So they're going to spawn best to whatever you connect to and then cranking up the volume. That's why for me there's a special place in hell for anybody that lets the weight crash down after they're done doing rope extensions. I don't know, the reason he's kind of lost on me. I don't know if they think that that sounds going to alert every woman the gym to look up and go, man, that guy's got strong triceps. I bet you can reach around and tug it from the back. What do you think every man the gym is going to cow or thinking? If I play that slap hand game with him, he'd kick my ass, but either way, I don't get it. So when the spirit of staying in light and actually getting those triceps to grow instead of just being a noxious, we're going to do a trice at necks. So starting out with the rope French press and then flipping around to regular extensions, keeping those elbows tucked in, but don't rotate those wrists. We keep them straight the entire time and the last is a partial to the top. We're going to rotate those wrists, try to hit that lateral hand. So just in case a large percentage of people still have access to the gym, I'm going to finish with something that most garage gyms can handle. And what they are is two body weight exercises we're going to do is a superset and we're going to take no rest in between, not of just a superset, but actually of the sets, we're going to keep going back and forth and tell we're spent. So the first one's going to mimic a French press and you're going to control the difficulty of it by how straight your body is. If you're going to plank position, it's going to suck. You want to make it easier. Just walk those legs up, hinge at the hips and it'll be less of a load on those triceps. And then when your body says, no, thank you. I don't want you more. Flip yourself around, make your back nice and flat, bend it the knees and then use those biceps. You straight up to the bar. Now, if you haven't got a chance to try the 30 day program, I'll link to that as well. And if you haven't seen these two videos, watch those next, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it get growing. Talk to you soon. Thank you.

=== FILE: BIGGEST DIET MISTAKES When Building Muscle & Losing Fat (Stop or Stay The Same!) [VFefAo46fZU].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to have the biggest diet mistakes that if you make, it will completely screw up your diet and halt any progress. Now, we'll start by casting a real wide net, getting these stragglers who just have no idea what they're doing, and then we'll narrow on the focus. Talk about specific things that if you ingest on a daily basis, you're fucked. And if you want to buy and film a diet video in the gym, just search out how much preparation goes in these videos. I'm just as curious as what I'm going to say as you are. Let's get after it. Thought I was going to move, huh? Not today. Let's start up by making an important distinction between having a diet based upon healthy food and superficial goals. Because there's an entire industry based upon health food, right? You can go to the grocery store, you can go to the restaurants, you can find health food. Problem is, I mean, you start applying some of the principles you've learned from chasing those superficial goals, like nutrient timing, portion control, moderation, you realize no matter what you do, that healthy food isn't so damn healthy. And at some more along the way, they lost their minds and started pushing more micronutrients, then the importance of macro nutrients. For instance, I'm sure you've had people in your life reach out, just to say, hey, so I'll let you know that I've decided enough enough. I'm going to start to get healthy. I'm having four cold press juices a day. I'm going to get a healthy. And you'll have the hard to tell them that they're probably going to still end up with diabetes. It's just going to be a locally sourced organic type 2 diabetes. Now the reason I bring this up is because it's one of the biggest mistakes I see people make is basing their diet on what the general population deems healthy food and expecting their body just to transform. Doesn't work like that. It all really doesn't matter what your goal is, superficial or healthy, I think it's best to start with a limited, very strict diet and it over time make it a little bit more healthy and well rounded. The next big mistake I'm just going to call having bullshit meals because more often than not when somebody comes to me and say, hey, my dad's not working for me. Can you tell me why and they run through it and they say, you know, breakfast and eggs that have a snack, well, I have apple and peanut butter. You still live with your mom and then have a lunch where I'll have a salad with some sort of protein. Then I'll have a couple almonds for a snack. She clearly made that and then I'll have dinner. Let's be perfectly clear. Almonds, that's a source of fat. Peanut butter, that's a source of fat. Yes, there's protein in it, but they shouldn't be the source of protein for that meal. It should be looked at like a bonus. Like when you take your partner close shopping and you're surprised by a handy in the dressing room, don't expect that every time. The foundation for your meals should be a complete source of protein and then you build from there. Let's get a little more specific. What are you cooking your food with? And using olive oil, coconut oil, any oil, you fucked up. When I first started working with people on their diets, one of the biggest hurdles was figuring out how many different ways they could screw it up. One person in particular came to me and just said, hey, I'm not losing weight. Okay, run me through how you cook your food. Well, I started out at the pan out, put about two tablespoons of olive oil in there and stop right there. Yep, you put that. The next day I had them cook all their food dry and you guessed it, they came back pissed. Because their food didn't taste like the olive garden anymore. There wasn't two to 400 extra calories of delicious fat in there. So the moral of story is, don't add extra calories to your food. Suck it up. By an honesty pan. Now if you're going to say that isn't me, I use Pam. Good thing I Keester won't just illustrate this point that this is no different. Yes, if you look at the back of it, it says zero calories. But look at the serving size. That's a third of a second. It's fucking fast. In all reality, it's the same olive oil, coconut oil, canola oil. You would coat the pan with. This is just the convenient version. And the reason it says zero calories is because under certain amount of calories, FDA doesn't require it. Hence the third of a second serving size. And I know you, you're watching this channel, you're an assult. Just like me, you're hamming on that thing for 20 seconds. So as always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after GetGrawn. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: BUILD MORE MUSCLE (One Set To Rule Them All!) [cOMCgZegQ8o].txt ===

So over the last couple of weeks, I've added something to my routine that is really hindered my ability to walk and I'm gonna safely assume that you're a second individual as well too, so you'd appreciate this. If you're ready, let's get after it. So everyone's all my training. I lose my weight a little bit and think I got it all figured out, but in reality, just not pushing myself hard enough because I'll make a small tweak like this to it and then be so sore. I can't walk, my sleep gets messed up and realize, nope, still medial. And that deep muscle soreness is still my favorite indicator. Let me know that I'm on the right track and I'm making progress. And I just use it as a gauge to understand whether or not my workout intensity is going to be a limiting factor in the pursuit of growth. So for me, if you're not at the grocery store after a leg day and you're shuffle racing some old lady to get the last motorized scooter, you're doing something wrong. So at the end of every exercise I'm at adding extra set, which I'm gonna call a flex set because we're going as slow as you can, flexing as hard as you can, and shooting for four reps, which it's easy to guess the way because if you're like me and you train 20 reps, it's the exact same way. See, exact same way. And this works just as good if not better on camels and machines because you're locked in, there's no escaping it. And a couple of things I want to know here, this is more than a 10 count negative and positive. What I want you to do is feel like you're trying to go as slow as possible. It's only four reps. Go as slow as you possibly can really fight that every step of the way. And the second thing is when you're transitioning back to the concentric part of the movement, make sure you take that little unconscious jolt out of the equation. Because a lot of people, especially on triceps, I see, they're slow the entire time when they start to contract again, they get a little jolt to start the movement. For me, you're missing on the most important part, which is that initial part of the contraction where you create that mind muscle connection. So is this something you should add to your program and forever expect to give results? Probably not. I'm assuming my body will adapt in about two weeks and I have to switch through a different way of intensifying every workout. But I felt the soreness, saw some progress, and thought I should share this with you. Kind of like a hot far. The joke deserves a little clarification. Middle school lunch line. The nicest kid in the world who would not say or do anything about anybody. But on that day, he was fucking frustrated. He was standing behind a group of kids who were in a circle, taking their sweetest time and he wanted his bagel. And I think at this point in his life, everything he led to this moment, where he's like, finally enough enough. I'm going to stand up for myself. So he cocked his hand back, reached back, farted, pommed it, reached in the crowd, dispersed it. So fucking epic. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. And get after GetGron. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: BUILD MORE MUSCLE From EVERY SET! [4IpLBrwtigk].txt ===

All right, today we're going to exactly have a perform each set to get the most amount of growth out of it. Let's get after it. Now, when it comes to the pursuit of looking like an overly muscular tool, we got one thing on your side. That's the fact that as long as you're getting enough volume for your body, your muscles have no choice. They're going to adapt and grow, but the confusion comes in when you start and things like giants, heads, supersets, or even compound sets. So let me go over my exact thought process so you can stop overthinking it and start growing. The thing I do when I write up to a machine or exercise is think, okay, what's the most difficult way I can do this? My goal is to push myself to the limit and attempt to make it the last thing I do. Never works out that way. I'm always able to keep going, but that's the mistake a lot of people make, because they base their effort on the amount of work they have left. In reality, you should be perfectly happy to get your ass kicked so bad that your workout ends right there. So for instance, on this hacksquat, we already know it's a fucker up or as is. So straight says you push yourself to failure on, you're going to grow. But question is, how much worse can it get? This is one of those times where I utilize Dropset, just to make it unbearable. I also wouldn't lock out of the top to keep that constant tension. It's free just to a dumbbell press. And this is where a new training might think I'm doing drops on everything because that last one for legs was so awful and you're not wrong. But if I've done drops recently and I can maintain a great connection on that first initial push, I'll probably do rest-possets instead. With legs even with that rest, your reps would go from 20 to 2. But your chest recovers a lot quicker. So you're able to get more reps under a heavier load. So it's that perfect mix of mechanical tension and metabolic stress. Now, what about hard ganners? More often than not, you're just not doing enough. Most people underestimate how much volume it actually takes. And before some of you jumps in the comments and says, well, what about Dorian Yates or some professional bodybuilder? You're not him. You're an adult man with a girlish figure that needs more sets. Another rule I live by is anytime I'm getting my ass kicked on anybody way to exercise dips, pull ups. Instead of tucking my camel tail between my legs and doing the walker shame over the assistant machine, all opt for negative instead. I feel like you get a lot more by fighting that eccentric as slow as you can as many times as you can until you face blend on the floor. Now, a lot of people argue whether or not you should pre-exhaust the muscle, but I think it's a phenomenal idea. Anytime you can make 30 pounds feel like 16, get the same results and run less of a risk of you staring at an ass, gobble up yoga pants and tear your tip muscle off. But question is, when? For me, it's anytime I sit down to do an exercise and I don't immediately connect right away, at least like I have in the past. So I'll pre-exhaust develop that connection and make sure it's not just me screwing it up because probably is. For instance, on Tricep Robx Stinson's normally I can roll up and have a great connection with that lateral head, but sometimes I don't. So I'll force the connection by starting out with parcels at the bottom, really focusing on turning those shoulders in, printing those palms and driving the contraction into the lateral head. Then I'll go into the traditional sets. What about overtraining? Honestly, not worried about it. I think we need to have that in the forefront of your mind. It's going to cause you to half-ass you workouts. When you change your thoughts around it from, I better not push myself too hard. Otherwise I won't get a second leg day in to I really kicked my ass and because of that, I get to take an extra day off. That's when you're going to really start seeing results. What brings us to supersets, compound sets and giants sets? When do you use them? For me personally, if I feel like a workout is just not as intense as I planned it to be, then I'll add in a compound set or a superset more often than not, compound set because it just makes more sense. So just two exercises for the same body part back to back. Now for the giant sets, that's something I plan ahead of time because it's going to fuck up the whole workout. If you feel like you need help kicking your own ass, I'll link to the programs below again. They're only 20 bucks, but most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Barbell Rows To Build A THICK BACK! [vaPK9vXPB58].txt ===

All right, today we're going to go over barbell rows and a couple of the variations I like to do. Now, if you're one of those people that basically stands straight up and down, it does what I would consider to be a shrug and calls it a bent-over row, then if it's working for you and keep it, if not, and if you turn to the side and you're just basically disappear because you're so narrow, we got some more to do. Let's get after it. Part of me wanted to make the first qualification. You have to actually bend over to do a bent-over row because I'm sure you, like me, have seen those eagle lifters of the gym throw through 15 on 405 and just yank it up. But we can actually use that. So I've said this before, but we can take somebody's horrible form and mistakes in life and use a tarvester. And so if you have underdeveloped traps, maybe the upper back and using that 75 degree angle that most people with the gym use isn't a bad place to start. Just know to get a fully developed back, you're going to have to work to angle lower and lower to a point where so you're lacking those lower latch. You have to be almost parallel to the floor to be able to overload that mid back. The biggest mistake I see on these is people not loading their back correctly or enough. And a lot of it has to do with hamstring and flexibility. Because usually what happens is instead of people loading those hips and actually get it an entire back and involved is stabilizing control of the weight because of inflexibility, drop those knees and up squatting it up, taking that lower and mid back out of it. And at that point, you should just do a cable row. So if this is you, it sucks to hear because it's like being held back or grayed, but lighten up the weight. You can graduate when you get to a point where you guys, you sit in those hips, load your entire back at a nice low angle. From there, you can start throwing the weight around a little bit, getting those little sloppy with a form, go back to coloring outside the lines and eating paste. So while I'm not opposed to the almost vertical bent over row, because there is a place for it, I just tend not to do much because it reminds me too much of that gym for crepages of Instagram where people have horrible form and they're trying to humbling the floor and shadowboxing the cables, I opt for these two variations instead. The first one on the fairly high incline, I use a weight that I can probably do about 10 pounds with and I overexaggerate the width of my hands, going wider than I normally would to really put emphasis on that upper back. So the second one's on that same angle, maybe even one higher depending how I feel that day. Now your hands are nice and close, elbows flare out now. As you pull, you want the contraction of your traps to feel like an impingement. So as you're coming up, you flex so hard into those traps. It actually stops the movement and you go back down. When I was younger, I used to do a ton of bent over reverse grip rows, but I've seen too many people just tear their bicep off and let it roll up into their shoulder, scared me to death. But one variation I do love is with an easy bar. So there's a couple of benefits to this. First one being that if you have an issue, like we talked about before, sitting in your hips and loading your back on bent over rows, this is going to work on that because not only is it like a standing hyper extension, but you're seeing get those lats involved as you do it. The second thing is because we're using the easy bar, most people can do this no problem because when you're using a straight bar and something even like barbell curls, most people can't supinate their wrist that much, but too much pressure on their wrist or form, they didn't even connect to the bicep. So you give them the ability just to pronate, just to hair, takes all the pressure off of it, same thing for this. So you're going to start this up by setting up like a stiff leg. So legs almost locked out, shift that weight all the way back in your hips. You're going to go down like a hyper extension. As you go down, let those elbows drift forward, but keep that same angle with your arms the entire time, that'll stretch those lats. And as you arch up and squeeze back, make sure you pull those elbows back, keep in that same angle flex and then back down to another one. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video I'll meet you next. Good after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Beginner GYM Mistakes I Made As A Teenager (I BET YOU DID TOO!) [SUrElnZbjI8].txt ===

So, a scroll until my feeding a couple of videos popped up. One was the biggest mistake beginners make at the gym. The other one was teenage body with mistakes. I thought I should make a video on this because I have done some dumb stuff. So, before you try to eat in 10,000 calories in a day or suitcase in your pre-workout, watch this entire video. It'll help out. Let's get after it. Mistake number one, always feeling like I was one supplement away. As a kid, every time a new ad came out for a supplement in the magazine, always used to hard close my parents in the fact that this is what I needed. You don't understand, this one's different. It's backed by science. Look, there's grass. In high school, I bought this Creatiminal Hydrate and brought it in for everybody to try. Now, I should have known by the way that this is bad news. It came in a packet. You had to put it in some water and when you did, you couldn't put the lid on because the water bottle would explode. That should have been a sign that my stomach is not going to appreciate this. Half way through the second set of squats, my buddy, racks the weight, turns around, looks at me and says, I just hit myself with no embarrassment whatsoever. You can tell you just felt betrayed by the supplement and by me. More than the story, more is not better. Stick to the basics. No one's ever said I had the greatest workout ever. I started out by pissing out of my ass, then I hit squats. Get a good protein, a good pre-workout, it's feel like you're training some intense enough, and a good multi-vitamin. Mistake number two, not judging where advice comes from. I remember I was so eager to learn anything I could about working out that I'd take advice from a homeless man. Probably should never take advice from a homeless man, but I would. Walking into Server K one day, homeless guy yells across Park Hunt. Hey, man, you're on that Creatine. Gotta think that Creatine. So what do I do? Buy a shitload of Creatine. Because when you're new to lifting, your desperate results. So anybody that tells you that you were jacked 20 years ago, you believe them. Even though there's no signs of that to be true, and that's how you end up assuming cases in some Creatine. At the end of the day, it's about finding some of you trust that's either done before or currently doing it for other people. Follow their advice, track your progress, because really it doesn't matter if it's not me, these videos are just a starting point. At the end of the day, it's on you. Mistake number three, following that horrible and horribly prevalent advice, that when you want to put on muscle, the more calories the better. It doesn't matter what kind of they are, just eat a shitload of them. Let me take a second to think anybody who gave me that God awful advice from football coaches to big guys at the gym, you really helped me get where I am today. And also look forward to a bright future of type 2 diabetes. I have no idea how I thought that walking around with a jar of skipping in one hand and a gallon apple juice in the other would help me do anything but die young. But the problem is, very few people understand nutrition, so they reward that idiotic behavior by saying things like, man, you're really hitting it hard. By the way, so all that today, I'd be like, we need to do wellness check on this kid. Obviously, you sue a sidedle. What I found is better air on the side of less calories from phenomenal sources than it is to know that you're getting all of your protein carbs fats from basically garbage. Last one, because you know I'd like to keep these short, mistake number four, not knowing how to count my sets. When I first started working out at Scam Tho The Magazine, I find a workout I like, rip it out of there, shove my pocket, go to the gym, peek at it, everyone's well and go, all right, three sets of 12, got that. It goes to the entire workout and then inevitably, wonder why the hell I'm not getting results. I didn't get results until I changed my philosophy and stopped counting the sets where I actually reached the target number. The reason I think is a such an important point is because I've seen a lot of comments and say, you know, he's got great videos, great exercises, but what are those sets and reps? If you think not knowing the sets and reps is what's holding you back, you're f***ed. In my book, if you're not failing to hit the number you're targeting, you did a bad job picking the weight. And even if you did, you can always slow down the movement, change angle, change the tempo, change the form altogether, and get yourself to fail before you hit that number, and turn a shitty set into a good one. So do me a favor, leave a comment if some of the dumbest things you've done when you first started working out. I guarantee there's going to be some good stories. So as always, like, subscribe at the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Beginner Workout Q & A (COLD HARD TRUTH!) [uubBPMd9JRo].txt ===

Let me start off with my favorite question. When making a prune smoothie, it's five too many, three not enough. First thing that comes to mind is, with the f***ing saprune smoothie. Maybe because I'm being in you got the wrong idea. I don't do it because the help benefits. I mean, my blood works better than it ever has been, but that's not why. I don't do it because it's easier because it absolutely isn't. It's hard to put on muscles, it's hard to stay leaner. I do it because I'm morally obligated. One day I woke up and I'm like tired of feeling like a piece of shit. And this is gonna sound really f***ed up. But I rather see a human get hit by a car and then dog or near their animal. So if I'm driving down the street and pigeon lands in the middle of the road, I'm just so happy to be a little sexual kid riding his bike. I have to make a split second decision. Sorry, bud. Should've been wearing shoulder pads. Couple things. First, just work out. So if you want to want to want to want to want to have a sweaty mess, it's that plus, I'm not going to try to turn the air on or they have a good sound. Second thing is, obviously, space isn't done yet. When it is, that's when the course is going to come out. I told Rogue, just send me whatever you have. I don't care if you have a half rack, whole rack. I didn't think they actually send me a half of a whole rack, but that's what the fuck they did. Let's get in the first real question. When it comes to our hypertrophy, what's more important? Mind muscle connection or weight left in. Now, this one's got some layers to it. But if you gave me six months to get somebody results, I'm going to choose mind muscle connection. Just focus on exercise that just isolated down. They have a great connection with. And we just stick to those. Because I mean, you could have somebody just progressive the overload certain lifts. And if they don't know what muscles they're trying to contract to move that weight, they're going to make progress, but in all the wrong ways. And if you want to take it to the next level, when you could take a compound exercise, like a stiff leg deadlift that usually works the majority of that posterior chain, and isolated down just to those hamstrings and have a great mind muscle connection there by just shortening the range of motion. And then from there, progressively overload the shit of that movement, you're going to see some real progress. Next question is, do you think don't have a pre-work on me this morning, evening? Rule number one, don't need anything that's going to make a piss out of your ass. Me personally, I just have a protein shake before I go. If I try to carve up on the drive there, I start falling asleep. Now, I think George St. Pierre said this best, and it's always stuck with me, he said, what I'm training, what would you rather be? A line that's satiated at just eight or one that's starving? I mean, it's in relation to fighting, but I do feel like I train better have more intensity and more alert when I got very little food in my system. But if you can eat a little carbs before you work out, it does the opposite effect, you do a little energy. Well, I mean, it's good, it's going to help. And the next question is, when it comes to natural lifters, what's more important? Volume or frequency. And the common rule that was intermediate lifters as well. And it doesn't matter if you're natural, you're on HRT, my interest is still going to be the same. Do both. I know that's kind of pain in the ass of an answer because it's a time suck, but I'm just to God truth, because you're not going to run into overtraining issues. As long as you eat to maintain that level of activity, you're perfectly fine. And for me personally, when I want to make some serious progress, I do two days, and on top of that, I'll crank up the volume. The next one has to do with muscle analysis. How to fix them, what to do about them. And if they're real bad, just get negative for somebody, then they'll let you know real quick. Because they'll say, why do you love bicep twice as small as you're right? And yeah, you're going to feel like you're this big, and you're going to walk out of room with your f*** tucked between your legs. But at least you know what to fix. Now if it's a strength imbalance, then it could be a couple reasons. First one could have an injury there. At that point, you just have to rehab it to the point where it's strong enough equals itself out. Or it could be that you have a different insertion point on that side, and it's just a stronger lever overall, which means you're going to have a different shape muscle, which really is usually noticeable when you're just not that big. The bigger the muscle gets, the less likely it is, it's not. I have one peak that's bigger than the other one, doesn't matter. Both biceps are just f***ing big. And if you want to make a whole video, I'm going to bring up lagging body parts and make them as symmetrical as possible. But at the end of the day, you don't want to be perfectly symmetrical. Have you seen one of those apps where you can take one side of your face and perfectly mirror it to the other side? You look f***ing weird. Next question has to do with what's the best split? Push pull, full body seven times a week, upper lower, and for me, no matter what I do, I've been starting the world and did a lot of weird shit, I always come back to the bros split. And I know people hate to hear that for some reason. It's gotten a bad rap, but to me, if I want to get results, it's doing as much isolated, narrow focus, and hitting a muscle as hard as I possibly can, tearing that thing down, and that's where the results come from. If I get too many muscles in one day, they just don't get enough attention. So the bros split is the best possible way to do it. I think it's because some people put out some e-books, some courses that are science-based, it's a push pull or full body 10 times a week, the best way to go. But truthfully, how many people do you know that are really overdeveloped, they don't do the bros split? If there are a few, they're a few and far between. How are you? Oh, hey, Rogue. Thanks for boxing up every single net in bulk that you set individually. On top of the half of the boxes are like wet diapers. I only joke, Rogue is phenomenal, best part. Made in USA. I got another piece on a palette from another company that I won't name. And as it rolled towards me, I saw this giant maiden China. Fuck is that. All right, last question, how do I know I'm training hard enough? Getting results, but how do I know I'm not missing out on some progress that could be making? Now, I would just do this. For the next two weeks, write out your workout beforehand and think of the most sadistic, just screwed up workout, do all the worst possible exercise that you always avoid doing, make sure you do those, pick out your rep ranges and think of crazy shit, crazy intensifiers that you don't want to do. Century sets, crazy drops, set to sending sets, and plant up beforehand. And in those two weeks, if you make a ton of progress, you're not training hard enough. All right, as always, that's when I came with some months. Or throw up in your mouth. All right, as always, like, subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. So, we will continue working.

=== FILE: Best Back Exercises Ranked (TOP 7 FOR BUILDING MUSCLE!) [4GUvx0AG-Bs].txt ===

All right, today we're ranking the top seven back exercises that will build you a bigger thicker wider back. So let's get after it. Now there's a good chance you could disagree with this list. So feel free to comment your top seven below if you actually have a back. If you suffer from a imaginary lat syndrome in any moment, you could pass out from flaring those lats all day. Nobody gives a shit. If you're not sure if yours are really not here's a good test. I'm sure you've been invited to be a part of your buddy's wedding and he probably said something like, hey, we got it all set up men's warehouse. Don't worry, just show up to get you fitted. You'll be good to go and you show up and the guy looks at you like, what do you want me to do? You look off. Like your homeless or you just got done competing on the biggest loser in loss to shit load away because it got to give you a jacket that's made for a 400 pound man that shaped like a muffin or if you've ever had that fat guy in a little coat moment where you ripped it back for shirt, they're real. Which reminds me of a story that I'm not so proud of. But I'm also oddly enough really proud of it the same time. Now you may be shocked to learn this, but when I was younger, I was a bit of an asshole. I know shocking every year around Christmas time. I tell my family, whatever you do, don't try to buy me clothes because they're not going to fit and what you think looks cool is actually stupid, but every year they try and one particular year they bought me five or six really nice designer dress shirts. And I must have been dieting because I really turned it on, but in a way that you knew that I hated everything about what you've done. Oh my god, these are great. I put on one shirt and flex my back to purposely rip it. Now you're thinking that's a real dick move. No, no, I went full blown asshole. I proceeded to rip each shirt one by one making a snarky ass common in between. Oh man, I ripped another one. Perial, this is real pieces shit, huh? And then I looked over and said, hope you got the receipts. And you could see why it's a moment. I'm not so proud of, but I'm also incredibly proud of it the same time. All right, number seven on this list, deadlift. And one thing you're noticed by each one of these exercises is I'm very specific with either the form or the way you should do the sets. And with these, I'm talking those ridiculous high rep sets, 20, 30 reps. The ones when you get done, you feel like you just grew a tail. Those are the sets that separate the people that want to come to the gym, just lift something off the ground and pat themselves on the back. And then ones that say, okay, I'm going to strap in and I'm going to hurt myself. And I guarantee I'm going to grow from this and possibly shoot out my spine. Oh my god, how come deadlifts are seven? Because it's my list. And I've also found that people that really disagree, you dig a little bit deeper and you realize they're really educated and really small. And they know if they made a video, nobody would watch. Even their grandma would happily give a rusty trombone and watch their video. But you also find that ones that you think are controversial or are followed up by exercises that they hit the same muscles that I think are even better. That's why number six in the list is the standing hyper extension. And the best way I found to do these guarantees you're going to drive home with that seat, although we back because if such a horrible mid low back pump, even though it doesn't help, is really focusing on the flexion and extension. The best way to do that is grab a barbell, supinated grip, keep those elbows in a fixed position and just relax all the way forward. And as you contract up, I want you think about contracting from your butt crack up. So arching from there, driving it all the way up, not standing too tall, just really focus on stopping, contracting up and squeezing that back and then slowly going back down. Nice, slow, controlled and good fucking luck. All right, number five of the list, B bar pull downs, but not done like the way most people do where they just bang their chest, pull with their biceps. I'd actually take the people that really screw up and pull it right down to their junk. That's actually closer. The key is to keep the elbow fixed and work against the movement the entire time. The only one that rivals this is number four in our list. And that's taking that same B bar handle using the same form and doing pull ups with them. Now, only issue is, not everybody can do these. There's no shame in that because if I try to throw these into the end of my workout, I'll get a solid three. So if that's you too, just do negatives. Jump yourself up, fight the negatives, slow as you can, and then jump up and do it again. Just keep doing that until you drop like a rock. Number three and two on this list, we'll have a special place in my heart because they're complete assholes. They destroy your entire back. Now the handle or grip you take on this one isn't as important as the way you do the movement. I want you to think about it just like that standing hyper extension, but now we're seated in a fixed position and working against that cable so we can really get those lats involved. So really exaggerate that flexion, elbows in a fixed position and force that stretch and as you start to contract up, don't just drive back. I want you to feel like you're actually going to stand at same angle, but now you're arching over top of it, extending back and contracting those lats. What could suck worse than that? The dumbbell version. But the way I like to do these is flaring those elbows out to the side, high elbow row, to make sure I really target that upper back. And this is one of those exercises that I guarantee you can walk into the gym just through this and feel like holy crap my entire back is screwed. So beware. Same idea, flexion, extension, nice and slow, but also feel like you're really pulling those dumbbells apart as you contract up. It sucks more. And number one of this list pisses me off because I don't have it. It's a very specific machine and if you love to train back, you know the one I'm talking about, you wake up the next morning like holy shit. It's that old school plate loaded pull over machine that you couldn't screw up if you wanted to. Even if you're form sucks, your lats are still going to be torn up. Now, the best thing I found to substitute that is just taking a barbell, doing enough to bench. And you can still get that same connection and soreness. If you shorten the range of motion and really connect those lats, but you have to be really conscious of what you're doing and you just can't grip it and rip it. And if you like those exercises, just get one of the programs. They're full of them. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple and your grandma will thank you for it. Watch these two next, subscribe, notification bell, get after get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Best Performance-Enhancing Drug？ [WebJ_YYViu8].txt ===

This is not a steroid or even a pro hormone. This is psilocybin. And before you say that's definitely not performance enhancing, let me ask you this. How many times have you decided enough to enough? I'm gonna get serious about my training and nutrition. Only to wake up the next morning in a pile of shameful crumbs. Whether you know it or not, your brain is constantly working against you. Here's a good example. Say I flipped this quadrant lands. Heds. Flip it again. Also heads. That means this next one's probably gonna land on. Nope. Heds again. If you thought that it was gonna land on tails, that's the gambler's fallacy at work. Erroneously believe in that a certain random event is less likely to happen based upon the outcome of previous events. And this is just one example of how a brain is so easily tricked. So I thought it'd be interesting to dive into some of the research surrounding these commonly used recreational and medicinal substances like cannabis, psilocybin and DMT to explore any potential benefits they may offer. And see if these substances can help us overcome the inherent limitations and biases that our dumb monkey brains have. Now why am I so personally interested in this? I've been chasing success my entire life. Professionally, I tried to sell life insurance, real estate, twice SEO. Hell, when I was 12 years old, I started ray and loyces lawnmower in service. The only reason we called it that is because every other lawnmowing company in our neighborhood was run by a Mexican family. So me and my white friend thought that was the only way to be competitive. I even made a nice little clipart lawnmower. Nothing was successful until these YouTube videos. And personally, I went through a lot of duds until I met my thick wife and we rescued 14 dogs. Needless to say, I love my life. So much so that the thing that keeps me up at night is my fear of going to bed and not waking up. Because I don't know about you, but my life kind of feels like I laid down to take a nap when I was six and woke up and now I'm 36. What the hell? And it makes me wonder if we're all just doomed in the best case scenario for a life as we end up like the old guy from up. And just so we're clear, these are just for educational purposes. I would never recommend anybody take these. Some of these are actually illegal. I would never take these. I plums our buzzing. Now you might think I ate a few of those edible just for the hell of it and it might make a more interesting video, but in fact, I'm not a huge fan of them. And I don't think you'll be either when you learn that they could potentially stunt your ability to adapt to stress. I do many. Now I'm sure you've heard of the fighter flight response. You experience danger. Your body releases adrenaline and you go into a heightened state. That's a very simplified version of it, but you get the gist. And it responds to an acute or temporary stress while your body has a totally different system that did you even know about? The constantly tries to maintain homeostasis called the endocannabinoid system. When you're stressed, the ECS can actually help you mitigate some of that stress. If you're injured, it can help you with pain and inflammation. If you have low energy, it'll increase your appetite. You know that feeling you get after you've been running for a long time? Not me, I don't run, but some people do. The runners high? That's due to increase circulating endo. Fucking word again. That's due to increase circulating endocannabinoids. Yes. What happens is when your body gets out of homeostasis, various cells throughout your body synthesize endocannabinoids, of which there are two types and their names are very difficult to say. And not that important. They bind to two types of receptors that are located throughout your body. The CB ones are in your brain and your central nervous system. While the CB2s are found in tissues that play a role in immune response. Cool story, bro. What does that have to do with cannabis, THC? Well, obviously, might have noticed it's kind of in the name. The reason they found the endocannabinoid system in the first place is because researchers were looking at how THC affected the body. And then they were like, dude, what they found is it actually binds to the same receptors that are in the endocannabinoid system and either mimics it or disrupts it. Potentially, the reason why sometimes you feel happy, hungry, horny, and other times you are crippled by anxiety. The problem is your endocannabinoid system is phenomenal. If left alone. Fucking with it. It'll actually adapt and evolve to repeated stressors. So if you're constantly interrupting your ECS, then you're limiting your body's ability to adapt. It's that simple. And we all have somebody like this in our lives. It's like talking to your own dick. Now, don't give me wrong. If you're somebody that deals with chronic pain, epilepsy, MS, then this is a game changer and one of your best options. I'm just saying that if you're using this mistakenly to help deal with stress or depression, probably not the right one. I would look into, well, that's my entire day. I haven't taken silicivins since I was younger. So I forgot the important fact that when I personally take it, I'm unable to speak. I spent the rest of the day walking around staring at random shit. There was one beautiful moment where I thought about my wife and give her like a 14 year old school girl, but other than that, I was over that ride. Now, just because I didn't have the greatest experience, it doesn't mean that for some people it's not the exact answer they've been looking for. Because when you look at the statistics every year, over 800,000 people call it quits and tap out. That'd be like if every year San Francisco just slid off into the ocean. And then if you dig a little deeper, you realize that 284 million people suffer from anxiety, 264 million from depression, another 107 million from alcoholism. And when you add them all up, it's over a billion people. It kind of sounds low considering, I don't know one person that's not a little messed up. We all got something. The reason I bring that up is because they've done studies looking at the efficacy of celacid and for treatment, resistant depression, which is just defined as a person who doesn't respond to two full courses of antidepressants. And one study they had 12 people take a 10-millimeter dose, followed by a 25-millimeter dose a week later, and when they followed up with them after a week, eight of those 12 people said they felt like they were in remission, which is somewhere over here on the happy scale. And when they followed up with them three months later, five of those 12 people said they still felt like they were in remission. Which is pretty damn good considering traditional SSRIs did nothing for them. Now that's very promising and exciting, but the question is how does it work? Well, celacid itself isn't psychoactive. When it's ingested, it's quickly metabolized into celacid. And that's where you find out how little understood the human brain is, and how I almost broke mine trying to make this video. When you look at celacid, it closer resembles serotonin, so much so that it's an agonist to the serotonin receptors, meaning that it could bind to them and trigger response. And that response is similar to serotonin, it affects mood, appetite, sleep, cognition. But when you look at the link between serotonin and depression, you realize there isn't one. The biggest takeaway from that study is there is no convincing evidence that depression is caused by low serotonin concentrations or activity, which is a big deal because that's the basis for prescribing all SSRIs. Again, it's in the name, selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor. I think I did that right this time because I'm not high. Which is a big deal because that's the basis for prescribing all SSRIs. You know those commercials that have a jazzy name like euphorics, but have a ton of side effects. In some cases, but rare, may cause redness, dryness, dry mouth, felching, prolapse, anis, spontaneous combustion, diverticulitis, but for a lot of people, SSRIs work. And for that matter, so to silicide, and I just thought it was important to note that we don't particularly understand the mechanisms of why. That is frustrating. Another recent trend, which I'm sure has been going on for years, but just getting more popular is microdosing, which is taking one tenth or a sub-perceptual dose of mushrooms. Problem is, most of the research doesn't really support it, and any benefit seen could be chalked up to the placebo effect. The reason that most research around silicide has done it higher effective doses is because at those levels, it downregulates your default mode network. Think about that is what your brain falls into at rest. Daydreaming, recalling memories, thinking about the future, hence why silicide and work so well with depression, because there has been a link between increased activity in the default mode network and depression and anxiety. Increase activity in the DMN has also been associated with obsessive thought patterns, so they've been studying the potential benefits of silicide and with addiction. Also, I'm attempting to film and walk to my kitchen at the same time because I'm hungry. One study on alcohol had 23 of the 48 people over a 32-week period stay absent, while the placebo group only had 11. A study done with tobacco had 9 of 11 people stay absent for 30 months. Absent is such a dumb word. Also, another important note to add is that silicide is just one potential treatment option for depression, anxiety, PTSD, MDMA and ketamine also share that same similar structure, so they are serotonin agonists, and for some people, they're the breakthrough that they need. Hell, the guy that made me this cool thing. Said the one thing that helped him stop drinking in Turner's life around was ketamine, MDMA with therapy, exercise, water, I can't just name one. I don't know what I thought it was going to be like, but that wasn't it. Now, I very well could have done it wrong because the how-to videos of free-basing DMT and spirit bombing yourself the next dimension on YouTube are not the best. After all that, I'm still afraid of dying. It didn't help. I guess it goes back to my favorite saying of all time, which is no one's coming for you. So we probably shouldn't waste any time and appreciate every single day because who fucking knows? If you want to support my veteran woodworking buddy, I'll link his Instagram below and as always, programs are all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, get after it.

=== FILE: Bicep Exercises YOU'RE DOING WRONG! [Bd92IX5pMi8].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting biceps and we're going back to basics. And I'm not talking about how to do a curl because you should be there already. I'm talking about mistakes. I see a lot of people make their really holes back to matter progress they get with those biceps. Also different things to think about as you're doing these exercises. So you're really push it and get even more out of it. So if you're ready, let's get after it. All right, so we're starting off with this makeshift single arm preacher curl. We're doing an incline bench. Just to prove the point that this can happen, a regular curls cable, or something where you're even locked into place. And you think you're just going to be connected to that bicep, but you're not. And this happens during the negative portion of the movement when people, and this happens during the negative portion of the movement when people try to protect themselves. And this is always unconscious because if you call them out on it, the first thing they say is, f**k you know I don't. But if you watch them, they stay connected to that bicep as they're going down. And after a certain point, they recruit that anterior dealt by rolling that shoulder forward, they try to hold that weight and then curl it back up. Once you do that, you lose that connection to that bicep that shoulder takes over the blood of the actual negative. And then it starts to contraction again too. So you lose a little bit of that contraction as well as you're coming up. And you really just lose some of the range of motion, some of that connection, and you're bouncing from shoulder to bicep back and forth. And this either happens because they're training too heavy and your body has that oh shit response and just tries to protect yourself with the shoulder. Or you've been doing this for so long that it's just ingrained in you and that's just how you do it. So the best way to retrain this out of you is grab a lighter weight and make sure that you really extend forward, not all the way because I don't think there's a place of ever just locking that elbow all the way out and trying to curl back against that. But really making sure the negative part of that movement is all your bicep and then when you start to contract, you don't jolt into your shoulder, you just flex it right back up, you're just flexing the muscle on these. And on this exercise specifically, the best thing you can do is open up that shoulder and exaggerate it even more to make sure it's all that bicep. For me, one of the most frustrating things I see is when somebody walks up and grabs an easy bar because you know they're going to do one or two things. They're a curl at close grip or wide grip and that's it. And in terms of effectiveness, the standing barbell curl, just regular, isn't that great. I think there's a lot of things you should be thinking about that's going to have a lot more bearing on the results you get other than the grip you take. Let's start out with angles. Now you can tell by slightly leaning forward or leaning back, it's going to create a more intense movement overall. And especially for your somebody who deals with those shoulders jumping in, leaning forward, you're already going to roll those shoulders into place. Now they're stuck there. There is no rolling in and out of the movement. They're locked in place and all you can do is sit and flex that bicep. And conversely, when you're leaning back, your shoulders can't jump in. You're working against gravity. You'd have to be double-join it or just completely screwed up for those shoulders to jump in at this point because you're locked into place, leaning back and again. It's a different contraction but it's a better contraction. So maybe you're a little more advanced. At some point in your life, you're browsing the dark web, found drag curls, added those in your routine. Great but two things. First, make sure you don't think of some niche exercise you do once a month and hope to get results because given the opportunity of doing straight bar curls, rest of my life for drag curls, I'd always choose drag curls. They give you a better contraction overall. They finish the flex out by a fully flex bicep instead of just losing it in your shoulder somewhere. It's just a better movement overall. And the second thing is don't just stick to regular drag curls. There are so many different variations and angles you can do them. They're going to give you some incredible results. One quick little note just in case this is you. Now people have noticed that really high insertions on those biceps tend to have a hard time connector of the biceps. We'll also have the ones whose shoulders just jump in on everything so to create a better connection, get a little bit of growth and then eventually have no problem doing any exercise whatsoever. I set them up on an incline, either do regular curls, drag curls. It doesn't matter. The key is just locking that shoulder into place. It's just going to help increase that range of motion, do up that connection and also retrain them how not to bring that shoulder and recruit it for everything they do biceps. So then after a little while, get a little growth on that bicep, then they can go around to do every exercise they want to do with no issues whatsoever. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell. There's a lot more we can do for biceps. I definitely want to do one for triceps. And hell if you guys like it, I'll do one for every muscle. Get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Big Biceps Workout (START TRAINING LIKE THIS!!) [2fv8EfK8Rlc].txt ===

Question for you. You're going to push yourself so hard. You throw up on Arm Day. That's the goal of the day. I have to very least some sort of pain induced IBS. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So if you've ever had trouble growing your biceps in the past, this workout's going to fix that. Because there's no way they're not going to respond to this much intensity. I've been in a few people reach out and say your videos are great, but how do I warm up? And I love to tell you some sort of elaborate plan that like make a whole video on, but truthfully it's too simple for that. All I do in a matter of what I'm training is go the exact exercise I'm going to start with anyways. Do two warm upsets of 30 plus reps and really slow it on the cadence. But if it's there after those two sets, they're going to be so much blood and muscle, they're going to be warmed up. But on top of that, because you're slowing down the movement so much, you're going to develop such a deep, my muscle connection that when you get into the working set that the normal speed, I mean the contractions are going to be off the charts and then you're going to have such a deep connection that you're going to get a better workout because of it. All right, so we're starting off with the easy bar cable curls and we're doing seated. Just allows you to lean back every so slightly and just increase the tension that bicep even more. But also it allows you to clearly define your range of motion. So you use those legs as the bottom, keep those elbows tucked in, curling it up, fully flex bicep, don't let those elbows, don't do anything stupid. And it really ruin our lives. We're going to do a sending and descending set. So pick away, you can easily do 20 times, hit that and then start going out from there. Once you become a complete failure and do like three ugly embarrassing reps, start your way back down and then get to the weight you started with. If it's been a while since you've done something reckless, I'm going to help you redeem yourself. So we're going to do a try set, but we're going to do the same exercise. Superinated dumbbell curls, but we're going to change how we stress that bicep by adjusting the angle of your body. So we're going to do incline curls first, arm straight down, 20 reps there, sit up nice and tall, elbows tucked your side, just regular dumbbell curls, and then really finish it off and focus on the top of the contraction, sit on that bench a little bit lean forward and then really just wrap it out. If you don't know clearly a total word oh by that last exercise, hunch forward just grunting like hell in the corner of the gym, you're doing something wrong. All right next up we're going to superset two variations of drag curl. So we'll start with the traditional way, which has straight up and down, elbows tucked back, you're just right in that stomach, going nice and slow, controlling the contraction, 20 reps there, and then go right in a negative drag, which is basically a curl, and then you really just fight that negative as slow as possible. And if your arms are just blown up by this point, then your x is right. There's no getting dirty. All right we're finishing up with single arm reverse cable curls. Now, we're probably thinking that doesn't even sound intense, but let me tell you this because it served me my entire lifting career, and that is sometimes the dumbest works the best. So don't run from it, lean into it. If somebody's looking at you weird, it's probably a good thing, whether a creep and that's a good thing to it. For me this is one of those few exercises where I can physically see that break y'all's working, and you'd even more engaged in that, it makes you tuck the elbow into your side the entire time, and as you curl it up, you flex at wrist at the top and it's going to light it up even more. All right so as always, like subscribe with the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you won next, and get after a good run. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Bodybuilder Reacts To ＂FAT LOSS＂ Diet [BBNDSvuw9Io].txt ===

Oh, hey, it's actually as nothing to do with the video. I've just always wanted to try it, but it is a good test to see how strong the inner fat kid is because once you find out that this is actually motor oil and you still want to eat it, that's a good sign that that little fat is pretty strong. Don't worry, I'm here and I can smell it and I still want to chew through the tear. So I get it. Let's get after it. Somebody came up to me other day and they said, I need your help. I'm not getting any results of my diet. I'm banging my head against the wall. I've seen your video on macros. I said that up. I just please help me. And I said, of course I will. Now I'm assuming when the email me over there died, they probably thought I'd make a couple suggestions a few tweaks here and there and discreetly send it back. Not making an entire video tearing it apart. So the next time I see this person, good chance they could punch me right in the tittie, but in my defense, let's get help a lot more people. So let's break it down meal by dumpster fire meal. All right, meal number one. Two to three answers, a coach's oats, three egg whites, toast with salsa, or protein shake with collagen, spinach, half of banana, one tablespoon of peanut butter, and water slash ice cream, or a lanyan larys. Now your first thoughts, probably, this is either a woman sized man or a woman. And it's a woman. Now before you say, God, damn it. I'm a man. I need to build muscle. How's this going to help me? Just know that, yeah, your percentages are going to be different. The number of meals, a couple of different things. But over the years I've found that women and men and mistakes they make, pretty damn identical. So you're going to get value. Now the first one, the eggs and oats, could be a potential winner. We'll know when we get the macro percentages at the end. But it's better than the second one, because I don't know what human eats ice cream for breakfast and thanks, this is going to turn out well. Thank you to serve ice cream for breakfast. Tells me a lot about you. And for the person that thinks, what about the lanyan larys? God, you ask, always keep one between my cheeks just in case somebody doesn't know they're fucking awful. Now there's a lot of reasons to hate this thing. But let's just go through a couple. The first being the quality and the source of protein really matters. At least with the first two options, you got egg whites and a high quality protein shake with this one. The majority of protein comes from vital wheat gluten. Never in my life, if I thought, you know what I need more than my diet, a shitload of vital wheat gluten. Another eye opening way to look at this, saying yourself, okay, what if I ate this for every single meal? What would my macro percentages be for the day? See, you had 2500 calories on a diet. You roughly have about six of these. Let me tell you, 58% of your calories come from carbs, 26 from fat, 16 from protein. I don't even need an analogy. You will look like this half-baked fucking cookie. You will be a gooey mess. And for the person that says, there's nobody in six of these in a day, I guarantee there's somebody watching this on their fifth one thinking, fuck my life. And even if not, it's still not a bad rule of thumb to live by. Don't have meals that don't reflect the overall macro percentages you're trying to reach. All right, meal number two. Three to four ounces shredded chicken, Greek yogurt, and pickles, raw veggies, with hummus, two ounces of nuts, three ounces tortilla, or pretzels, or rice cake. There's a lot of fuckery in that meal. Now, by this point of realize, I'm not going to do the macro percentages at the end because it's off the rails with this randomness. But the one thing I can say that'll be helpful to people is that when you eat to look a specific way, everything in your diet has a purpose. That's why I like to have cheap meals where I can really enjoy food. The rest of the time, food is just fuel. That's why I'll never have pretzels on my diet because it's a really shitty source of fuel. I think the question to ask yourself is, okay, have a good source of protein here. My husband, good healthy fats. Can you say that? My energy source, good quality source there. Maybe I can even justify the tortilla, but how in the hell am I going to justify the Greek yogurt and the hummus and the fucking pretzels? Now, I'm just eating like an asshole. Meal three. One cup apples or grapes. Tell your diabetes and said, hi, I would never have a meal without a source of protein. Even the lady that works in registering McDonald's knows that. If you try to walk up and say, I would like a package of your apples. She'll say, are you sure you don't want some of our shitty chicken nuggets? That way your kid doesn't start foaming at the mouth? No, just a package of apples. She'll say, alright, a little diabetes. Good luck. Meal four. Four to six ounces of salmon. Good start or chicken. Okay. Or beef chili heavy on beans and veggies, half cup rice, light butter, salt, veggies. That got out of hand. Quick. I feel like this is the same logic. Michael Scott used when he had fettuccine Alfredo before marathon. I don't know what your carb loading for a nap. I'll joke to side. This woman, very petite, just not the body fat percentage you wanted to be. But if I ate this diet, I would get fat. This next one, I think is a meal. It just says two to three cups natural popcorn. That's adorable. I feel like this is what you would end up with. If you went to build a barren set, I would like a diet, please. And it ends with a protein chick. So good job, I guess. So what can we learn from this? Well, like to get at least 40% of my calories come from protein. With women, it's usually slightly less based on their digestion. It's definitely more than what over that was. Second, I don't consider a meal a meal unless it has protein in it. And then finally, food is fuel. Everything that goes in your mouth has a purpose. And it's not fucking pretzels. I know what you're thinking. You have a real sore titty after this one. But actually, the woman was awesome. She's watched every single video. I wouldn't be surprised. She didn't have hot fart tattoo on her and her thigh. And for those of you who haven't checked out the full gym program, I just added an extra arm data that. So I'll leave a link to that. Also, the garage one, if you still have limited equipment. And if you need help with your diet, here's that one where I go over the macro percentages. Most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell. And get after it, get growing. Dr. Jesun.

=== FILE: Bodybuilders Blueprint On How To Train For MASS [9N_iW7s3L3g].txt ===

So the original plan for this video was to go avoid increase ankle mobility, which is going to lead to a deeper squat. It'll help you transition to more quad dominant squat and over time help you build big squat. But video popped up in my feed. And I'm definitely not a fan of making content that bashes somebody else's stuff because people to do that are just building their business underneath the taint of somebody else's hard work. Did make we realize though? There's a pretty controversial subject that I probably should cover, which is what's better for building muscle mass, compound exercises, or isolation work. And for me, every time, it's isolation work. Let me start up by saying I've never understood why it's almost common knowledge in the gym that if you want to put any muscle mass, you're going to do compound movements. Because people argue that you're foundation to the point where actually how you structure workouts matter. You're going to do compound first, and then finish with isolation work. To me, that's never been the case. And in fact, the way I train is a big fuck you to both of those. But I do like compound movements, but more so teaching great form. Because if you can master compound movements, you're forming on everything else will be phenomenal. Think about it this way. We're these going to cause more of a response. It's stressing an individual muscle during a workout, or spreading it across several muscles. Now does that mean I never do any compound movements? No, you've seen me specifically laid down. Do hacksquat, leg press, regular squat. But I never just walk into the gym, hop onto the squat rack, and cross my fingers and hope they grow. I'm very specific with how I do them. So if I'm trying to hit quads that day, I'll change the form and choose a variation. It's going to be more quad dominant. We're going to walk this feet close together. Shift those knees over those toes. Come up three quarters the way up. If I'm trying to do hamstring glutes, I'll do the sumo style squat. And really try to load those hips more of a low bar squat. It's very intentional. So even my compound movements, I try to isolate them down to a muscle or muscle group as much as possible. And I understand you're going to have to suspend some belief on this one to make it happen because it's pretty much the opposite of what most people say. But I'm not saying it just to be contrarian. It's truly what I believe. So I've gotten people results with. But I do think it's funny how in the comments, you can see the exact moment where somebody's head explodes. I made a video where I talked about pretty much all my art development came from really isolated demo work, but mostly cable work. And there was a comment that said, there's no way that's true. I know we did borrow a curl up to this point. He's full of shit. I bet my life on it. It's a weird f***ing bad to make. I just said 30 seconds ago it came from cable work. These are short videos. How'd you miss that? So how can you take this information to make it actionable? Well, I'd start up by doing the opposite of what most people say. I would start your workouts with isolation work. Because really your goal is to just tear up that muscle as much as possible. So start by fatiguing that, really have a mind muscle connection built there, and then get into a compound movement where, say, you're doing a squat. You're going to be toast by that point. You're going to use less weight, but it's going to be more fatigued on that muscle, and you're going to get more growth out of it. And then obviously make sure you're more specific with how you're hitting your compound movements. Make sure you try to isolate down the muscle you're trying to hit. And don't just hop under the squat rack and expect your legs to grow. We're not one of those gifted f***ers. And the great thing about training like this is it gets rid of that inherent excuse of bad genetics and having a muscle that just won't grow. Because now that you're not just picking weight up and setting it down, you're more specific with how you're targeting hitting each muscle. It's just a matter of time of trial and error before you get that to grow. For instance, if you have an old man asked and looks at your smuggler around two ziplock bags and gravy, then just make every single leg workout really targeted and focus around your glutes and really turn every compound movement into a glute movement. You're going to get results. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video on next. If you want the ankle mobility video, I'll do that next. Get after get growing. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Brutal Biceps Workout (SETS & REPS) [-alijaUsF_s].txt ===

Alright, today we're going through a brutal biceps workout because anybody can make themselves sick on a leg day, but it takes a true App They're throwing biceps also all throw sets and reps at the end of the video so you too Could build massive one thing I can't emphasize enough the number of sets and exercises you're doing isn't gonna cut it You're gonna need to double it at least and I know that sounds crazy Because it is but if you've been at this for a long time in your arms still suck you need to do something extreme otherwise They're never gonna grow also Highly underrated Most people will see me attach this rope to the cable and think always doing cable rope curls I've done those before we are the same That is neat, but what's different is I'm gonna take this rope and do seven variations of this damn thing doing two Sometimes three sets of each so at the minimum I'm starting my biceps day with 14 sets and that's nothing that just puts a little blood in the balls I believe the politically correct term is plums First one being an traditional rope curls shoulders back elbows wherever they naturally fall Focusing on rotating those wrists as I contract up But then I'll do ones where I lean forward turn it into a drag drag on an angle elbows back palms up Tuck my elbows in my stomach hammer curl style because my forearms are that of a small child And then I'll just sit there rotate to make sure that long hit and short head have nothing left Now before you say this is gonna take forever We're not measuring rest in terms of minutes or even seconds We're counting breaths you can adjust your bat wings and get your rest as you walk to the next exercise The good thing about that is on our next exercise hammer curls most people have the internal struggle If I know I should do four sets to get the most growth, but I'm feeling lazy so fucking I'll do three You have to worry about it because in that time period you've already done six sets Got to make some dumb faces my poor wife. Yeah, I'm still married just because I've had a few scandalous women in this video Doesn't mean I got a divorce. Let me give you some advice to live by find yourself a woman that doesn't mind if you blow Creatine up another woman's ass And you'll never work a day in your life. One immensely important detail that you don't want to screw up is the order of the exercises And when you do this it's crucial you start with the woman the most mechanical disadvantage and work your way to the least So hardest to easiest otherwise you're gonna be screw around with a weight or Unable to move starting out with a reverse grip then close then wide then drags and you're picking away You can get 20 reps with but by the third set of each exercise you'll be lucky if you get six floppy dick reps Programs relate below Think my balls are slower New assholes click here If you're returning asshole what's that video?

=== FILE: Build MORE MUSCLE - LESS FAT (Science Explained!) [ELxTSv-5Ykg].txt ===

Oking has always been the most effective way to build muscle. All the biggest bodybuilders in history have all gone through periods of looking like a fat mess and pursuit of even the most incremental gains in muscular. But recently, there has been some slanderous claims made against eating in a calorie surplus. So before we go into the best way to structure your bulk, to limit any excess fat gains, let's start by fixing some of the misconceptions out there. And I don't know why, but this one, this one bug me the most. I need to see I told you so, but bulking up and eating enough of a surplus to gain a noticeable amount of body fat cutting back down and then doing this over and over. What the girl with the heavies goes on to say is that eating in a surplus one increases insulin resistance and two, even a small surplus can induce out of a site hyperplasia, meaning your body creates more fat cells. I know even hearing that, your butt hole. Don't freak out. Relax, your anus. Yes, eating in a calorie surplus has been shown to increase insulin resistance. But what's interesting is when they've track people over a 30 day period of eating in a surplus, followed by a 30 day deficit, they found that their insulin resistance was actually lower than the starting point. In reality, it might actually be more linked to the overall macro nutrient profile because they've seen the same adverse effects in healthy lean individuals on a low carb diet diet. If you're that worried about it, just increase your dietary fiber and all your blood markers related to insulin resistance will improve, like mine did. I'm not gonna lie, when I saw the research showing that even a relatively small surplus can increase the number of fat cells, I had the same response that you did. But when you take a step back and remember that Adipostissue's soul function isn't to slowly build a wall and keep you from ever seeing your junk again. It actually plays a huge role in a whole body energy in glucose homeostasis. When Adipostissue expands through hyperplasia, it can store excess energy in a more control manner and improve insulin sensitivity, which is good. It's when fat cells become larger, hypertrophy, and the outgrow their blood supply become hypoxic and secret inflammatory cytokines, which is bad. I don't know how this got all asked backwards because the lack of Adipostissue is linked to type two diabetes and obesity. And we can bring it all the way back to anecdotal experience because anybody who's had multiple bulks and cuts will tell you that it's actually easier to hold a lower body fat percentage with each success of off season. So no, it's not harder to lose body fat when you've done a bulk easier. Unless you wake up one day and realize you're on my 600 pound life and they have to use a crane to pull you out of your house then yes, you've gone too far. And no, that's not, that's not what that's for. That's how I move equipment. But if it happens, I've already got it. Now they're on the same page in the fact that a calorie surplus isn't a bad thing. It's also important to know that if you're trying to build muscle at maintenance level of calories or even crazy enough to do it in a deficit, good, fucking luck. To put it simply, building muscle is a very energy-intensive process to be more specific. We can get a rough estimate of the energy costs needed to build one pound of muscle just by looking at the calorie cost of each of its individual components. We know that a muscle is basically just water, protein, fat, glycogen, and minerals, and other shit. If we break that down by the estimated percentages, we can use that to calculate the calories of each of those individual components, which ends up being around 545 calories. But that's not even including the cost to synthesize the new protein, which is anywhere from 2 to 400 calories. So let's just say 845 calories. You should immediately see that and think, oh, that's why it's so hard to build muscle in a deficit. Cavyaut being that unless you're a fatty and you have more endogenous energy stores to pull from or you're a new lifter because they respond to everything. Here's a meta analysis that looked for lean mass gains that these they compared participants in a calorie deficit versus ones that weren't. As you can see, when you were sturdy calories and made it hard to build muscle, when you didn't, it was easy. The main reason I highlighted that study is because they also found that when calorie restriction reached 500 calories a day, the estimated changes in lean mass were negative. So obviously important because most people when they start their cut, they use a 500 calorie deficit because it equals 3,500 calories a week, which is roughly a pound of fat. So just know if you're gonna do an aggressive bulk and to put on as much muscle as possible to get all fat and sassy, that you're gonna have to take it off very slowly or add in some pharmacological intervention. Or you will lose a lot of those precious gains. And the next obvious question is, how aggressive should our bulk be? And it goes without saying, but with a great amount of calories comes a great amount of muscle, but also double chance. Here's a study that looked at bodybuilders, which is rare to find. And they try to make it as far as possible by telling them during the study. They couldn't take any of their antibiotics and the way they insured that is by saying, you better not. So who knows if they actually did or not? But they had one large surplus group and one moderate. The higher calorie group obviously put on more muscle, but they almost put on three times the amount of fat than muscle. The moderate group put on less muscle, but also more muscle than fat. So I would probably take that one. I think the general recommendation of an extra two to 300 calories a week for experience lifters and 500 for newbies is a good starting point. Hard gainers, you can disregard that completely. But again, that's just the starting point. It's not gonna be how you adjust your calories moving forward. The scale will be your guide on how to adjust your calories from week to week. If you wanna do a fairly moderate, safe bulk, then I would aim for a half pound per week. If you wanna get a little bit more aggressive, aim for a pound. Anything past that, you're pushing to the point of gaining a lot of excess fat, which is fine. You can do a bulk like that, but remember, take it off very, very slow. And enjoy those man titties while you have them. So let's use my fat asses and examples. Show you where and how I would integrate these additional calories. Just keep in mind, I'm currently in a bulk. So the numbers look weird. It's because I'm already kind of fat. The first step is to figure out your maintenance level of calories. Now, you can use whatever online calculator you like, but it's been my experience that no matter what formula you use, the activity multipliers always overestimate your maintenance level of calories. So what I do is made to excel spreadsheet, use the hair's Benedict formula, but instead of using these activity multipliers, I use my own. I'll leave a link in the description if you wanna use this Excel spreadsheet. Just understand, no, I will not approve you as an editor because it will screw up the spreadsheet for everybody else, click File, Make a Copy, and then you can do whatever the fuck you want. After we have our maintenance level of calories, we're gonna choose a surplus for me. It was 110%, which is roughly around 300 extra calories. And don't forget, every morning after you wake up and take your piss or if you're a morning shitter, right down your weight. I also do evening weigh ins as well. Just to see how my body's responding to water sodium all that. You don't have to get that OCD, but track your morning weights. What macro nutrients should those extra calories be from? The obvious easy answer would be carbohydrates. But if you're somebody that wants to limit the amount of excess fat gain as much as possible, then it might make sense to increase carbohydrates as well as protein. Because the more we learn about protein, it tends to be like everything else, like volume and your mom, it has a diminishing returns curve. The interesting thing is that if we look back on that study comparing body builders with different surplus, you're gonna notice that the moderate group also had higher protein, and I think there's something to that. Because protein has a higher DIT. Diet, and do's thermogenesis, than other macro nutrients. You might think, well, it doesn't just bring you back closer to maintenance, and that's not really doing much. No, what it allows for is a higher net protein availability. So in my scenario, going from one gram per pound to 1.1 grams per pound, adds an additional 25 grams protein or 100 calories. And when you have extra protein, it's always best to spread it out between the three places you need it the most. First thing in the morning, so you switch from cannibalism to animalism, right around your workout, so pre-interposed, and before beds, you have a steady supply of amino acids. And I get the remaining 200 calories from my intended 300 calorie surplus from carbohydrates with the same logic of putting it around my workout. And if the scale doesn't move in the direction I want, I just increase it by 100 calories each week with the same one to two ratio of protein and carbohydrates. It's pretty hard to become a fat mass when you do it like this. I mean, I'm not, I look amazing, but less bad than I have. And if this is at all confusing in that spreadsheet, I have linked, it'll have a separate tab that shows you how I break down the macros of each and it makes it easier. Less of a chance that you fuck it up on your own. The last thing I'll say on this is, if you're a true hard gainer, and you have a higher than average total daily energy expenditure, neat, DIT, and you just burn through everything you eat, and I would still go through this entire process that everything up and understand your meal of macros, frequency, all of that good shit that we just did. But I would just eat calorie dense bullshit between every meal as well. And then use the scale to guide you going forward. I'm also at several people ask me, what's the best way to train to put on mass? I made a whole video about this, but what it comes down to is, as long as you're trained with enough intensity and hit a sufficient amount of volume, you're gonna see results. Personally, I've been doing an upper lower split, and I just released it in a new program that I'll link below in the description. So if you don't have anything concrete to follow, I would buy that. It's six weeks, it's horrible in all the right ways, and it's only 20 bucks. So if you can't afford it, fuck, that sucks.

=== FILE: Build MORE MUSCLE From EVERY Exercise [MF1QaKE31RE].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to have the exact tweaks that you should be making to every single exercise to get even more growth out of them. So if you're ready, let's get after it. Here's a thing. It's actually a fairly simple concept, but it's hard to execute. Kind of like all things in life. I'm sure you've been a victim to one of those late night extends commercials and thought to yourself, you know what? I bet you all women would love it. I've had to will barrel my junk around. Let me buy a case just to be safe. But as you found out, no matter how many of those damn things you suitcase, nothing happened. And then one day you found it. It was right there under your nose on the Nassogographic channel. An undisturbed indigenous tribe had figured out the secret to Donggroth. And all you had to do is, again, simple concept, hard to execute. Now when it comes to training, more specifically building more muscle from each exercise, all you have to do is ask yourself, how can I make this worse? The problem is, there's a different answer for every single exercise. When you're doing an exercise that has a range of motion that's littered with inefficiencies, like this preacher curl where there's a segment of it that's incredibly difficult, another part that is too damn easy. And that perfect portion you're incredibly connected with that you actually feel those fibers fizzier, you got two options. You can either just that range of motion or your body's position in relation to gravity. For those of you that have finally gotten over your fear of partial movements and hogonophobia, then cutting down the range of motion and just what you're connected with is the way to go. Or simply tilt slightly forward. That's going to shift the pressure of the pad that was previously stuck underneath your armpits, rubbing your nipples raw, and pushes it down towards your elbows, which automatically eliminates the inefficient parts of the movement. Or flip around the other side because that's why they made the fucking pad like that. Sometimes it isn't a matter of tweaking the form of an exercise to get the most amount of growth, but just doing it to its full capability. For instance, my chest, more specifically my upper chest, didn't start growing until I started incorporating flies at every possible degree. And you might be one of those people that argue that flies aren't good for chest growth, that's only because you're wrong. A quick note, when you get to those more severe end clines, I would do them in a lot orally. That way you can make sure you're leading with and contracting that peck, not your anterior del. Now, sometimes you can be doing everything right. Like in the case of one arm rose where you're following that natural arc you're lat, you're keeping the elbow in a fixed position, and you're fully engaging your lat, but it could be better. Because most people look at one arm rose and think of it as predominantly in the sagittal plane, but I'd argue if you shift your focus and make the bulk of the movement happen based on what you're doing in the transverse plane, you're going to start to get some serious growth. For me, the true beauty of the one arm rose being able to overload that lat during the e-centric, and the fact that you're able to stretch that lat, unlike any of their back movement because of what you're doing in the transverse plane, forcing that shoulder towards your midline, and really laying that lat out on an extreme stretch. Kind of like what you did when you tried to grow your wing with the 25 pound plate. So yeah, fall the natural arc your lats, keep the elbow in a fixed position, but also exaggerate the stretch by driving that shoulder towards your midline, and as you can track up and hands it by dragging the elbow along your body and opening up your chest. And yeah, I only gave you three examples to help answer the question, how can I make this worse? But think of them like tools in your tool belt that you can pull out on any exercise you do. I'll be at Fisher Price Tools, but let's face it. You're going to hurt yourself anyway. If you need more help, here's a video that goes over 21 of my favorite exercises, and the exact way I do them. Or reach in your mom's first graph 20 bucks and buy one of the programs linked below. As always, like subscribe with a notification bell and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Build MORE Muscle in HALF THE TIME! (Science Backed 30 Min Workout) [7qDsTYR9qJY].txt ===

The most common excuse that people use for not going to the gym is a lack of time. But what if you can program a workout that normally takes an hour, but with the right techniques, you can get it done in 30 minutes. Would you do it or would you still sit on your couch all day because you're a big fat mess? Now before we dive into the research, this is a very important guiding principle. The 30 minute workout has to be just as effective as the 60 minute version, because anybody can cut volume in half and create a shitty workout. Is it possible to produce just as much hypertrophy in 30 minutes? Surprisingly? Yes, but there will be pain. The first obstacle we have to overcome is reaching the volume required to consistently build muscle. There's numerous studies trying to identify the optimal sets per muscle per week. And the only thing we could say for certain is there is a dose response relationship between the number of sets and high-perch. This is from a meta-analysis, looking at the number of sets per muscle group within a given session with less than two minutes of rest. As you can see, there is a ceiling and or leveling off point around that 15 to 16 set mark. So the more sets, the more muscle to an extent. For me, the biggest takeaways, the most significant changes happen from one to five sets. After that, there was diminishing returns on further set investments. I mean, I still want them, but we're dealing with limited time. It means we have to at least get five sets per muscle within a given week, which sounds easy, except to complex body part like delts, where each head of the delt needs to be trained like its own muscle. That's 15 sets right there. So the only way we're gonna get this done is with advanced training techniques. Shitload of them. The other thing we have to figure out is rep ranges. As much as I love high reps sets of 20 because it's the closest thing I have to organize religion, they take forever. We also can't do heavy ass sets of six because I don't know about you, but it takes me a long time and a lot of warm upsets to make sure my 10 is not gonna tear in half and fruit roll up my muscle. When I time to myself on most exercises, I found that I average round three seconds a rep. Second and a half on the East Centric, slight pause at the bottom, and then a quick ass concentric. So that means the sweet spot for time efficiency is right around eight to 12 reps. Certain body parts where you really don't have to rest that much, like calves or arms, you can easily do 15. Which brings up the biggest problem we have to deal with rest. Depending on where you look, the general recommendation for rest for high-perch fee style, training is right around two minutes. So that means you could spend 20 minutes of your 30 minute workout sitting on your ass. Gradulations, you train just enough to look worse. Here is a disgustingly complex illustration of the energy metabolism of skeletal muscle. To put it more simply to help you understand the importance of rest, what we're dealing with during a working set is the simultaneous depletion of substrate with the accumulation of metabolic byproducts. Sure, you've seen some of these before, they're kind of a big deal. Which leads to the inevitable question, how little can we rest? I started reading this book on exercise metabolism, just to see if there's a way to rig this system. I don't know, maybe we should have an entire eight ball of creatine up our ass and that enhances buffering capacity. Actually, turns out that would kind of work. Minus the butt chugging. As I'm sure you've heard before, ATP kind of important. It's our main source of energy for muscle contractions. And we go through our stores in two to three seconds. So our body has several built-in systems to help re-synthesize it. First, the phospho-creatine system, which lasts around 15 seconds, then you get into anaerobic glycolysis and finally the oxidative system. And creatine, which is why we've been talking about this in the first place, has been shown to increase PCR stores as well as elevate the rate of phospho-creatine resynthesis. And I shouldn't have to say this, but I know some kids are going to do it. Don't shove it up your ass. But he said, here's a study that looked at the impact of creatine ingestion on muscle power of the planar flexors with short rest, which why would you look at that? Either way, creatine group increased power by 5%. When it comes to time restricted training, where you're trying to pack as much volume as possible and therefore limit the rest periods, I would stack everything in your favor in terms of supplementation. Anything that's been linked to intra workout recovery, so creatine, bedalinine, carbohydrates, but to specifically answer the question, how little can we get away with resting it depends? We've all had the anecdotal experience of training a smaller muscle group like the biceps that even when you push to complete failure, if you waited a full two minutes of rest, it would feel like you're wasting your life. One of the main reasons is the simple fact that it's a smaller muscle, so there's less production of lactate and hydrogen ions to deal with. So that's something we have to factor in as well. Smaller muscle groups require less rest time, but it's also important to note that your ability of recover between sets isn't a fixed period. It's actually more like an acquired skill. Here's a study that looked at two separate groups, one that rested for a static two minutes after every set, and then one that had a decreasing rest period that started at two minutes and then ended up all the way down at 30 seconds. The changes in cross-sectional area were virtually identical, in spite of the fact that the lower rest time group did significantly less volume. That is a great insight, but also not a real world application, because what you would do with that extra time in real life is add more sets and get more volume. So any program that is time restricted should have built in incremental decreases in the rest period. So that will allow for a few more during your short workout. So to recap, we've gone over the minimum number of sets needed to a less aggressive growth, as well as the optimal rep range for time efficiency and the ability to actually recover faster based on how you program your training with the increasing rest period, but the way we structure the sets are gonna make or break these 30 minute workouts. We've all used advanced training techniques, randomly throughout the workout to help hurt ourselves a little bit more, but these workouts have to be 100% built with them. Did I mention how bad this is gonna hurt? One of the techniques that has to be in the program is the superset. Paring two antagonist muscles back to back, so biceps, triceps, quads, hamstrings, or my favorite version, which is a compound set, same muscle back to back, like chest and then chest again. We've all done it. My guarantee you did your first superset before you touched your first boot. What you might not know is they've done a study looking at supersets, comparing those to standard sets and found that the supersets led to actually more repetitions because your training antagonist muscles back to back. And the longer you rested in between, the less reps you got. So it's very important to move your ass and not rest in between those supersets. Now another obvious one that we have to include is drop sets. Now there's not a ton of great research, comparing the effects of straight sets versus drop sets. There is this particular study where it was basically a bunch of untrained college men and trained in the past year. And they had them either do three straight sets or one single set that was a drop set they failed three times. The results virtually identical hypertrophy. Now again, we're dealing with college kids who probably showed up to the studies knowing like little seizures and ass, but still interesting nonetheless. I don't think we can go as far as considering every single drop just as good as a straight set, but definitely a viable strategy for increasing volume in a very short period of time. So we're gonna do a lot of those. Rest-possets show a very similar benefit. So we don't need to dive into the research. Just make sure you program them. What's odd though is that cluster sets actually showed less benefit. That's fascinating because the way I do cluster sets is very similar to rest-possets, but instead of resting for 15 to 20 seconds between each fail, I don't. I take one to two breaths and then go again and fail four times instead of three, so that should be better, but it's not what this meta-analysis shows. How is that possible? Turns out the scientific community has a very stupid definition of cluster sets. So you're doing a set of eight instead of pushing yourself to failure right around that eight reps, you would just cut it in half and do four reps, rest, four reps, and the goal is not to fail. Of course you're gonna get less results doing that. Why would you even do that? So obviously don't program this one, but the one where you fail four times consecutively with very little rest, and you start to question, this is even a good idea. Is this even safe? You're gonna wanna do that one. The last advanced training technique I wanted to go over is InterSet Stretch. Now it might seem counterintuitive because you're basically adding additional 20 seconds to a set, but we're gonna steal that from your rest time. And you have to use this sparingly because it's that taxing. So I do it on the last exercise for certain body parts because you can't do it for everything, but it's great for chest when you're doing dumbbells, calves because you can just hop out on the machine at the end, but the idea is on the last eccentric, you go right into a deep, painful stretch and sit there for 20, 30 seconds if you can handle it. This already sucks, and I'm just showing you how to do it. I would set this up as a four day split because it's just impossible to hit everything effectively in three days, and this is how I would split up each muscle group. Here's an example workout, just in case you're having trouble programming it on your own. Looks pretty horrible, huh? Told you it was gonna suck. At this point, I'm sure you expect me to sell you a program because I did all this work and research to try to figure out an idiot. It's not done, I'll put a link in the description so you can sign up to get notified, but like I said, to me, this has to be good enough that if I give it to somebody, even if they have a full hour to train, this is a better workout, give me another week.

=== FILE: Building MUSCLE and LOSING FAT At The Same Time (Body Recomposition Strategy That Isn't Awful!) [l4MCL99zjMU].txt ===

All the things town revisit this and go a little bit deeper because I still get a ton of questions from people saying, hey, I want to be as big and lean as you may possible, tell me exactly what to do. And the funny part is that you have these people sitting there eating a bowl of cereal. So this is for you, Crunchberry, Nestle's. Let's get after it. By let's first start out by going over some of the column misconceptions people have. And then, let give you a step by step process that I think anybody can take and you continually get leaner over time and put on more muscle. A lot of pushback I get is from people saying, it gets harder as you get older. I'll give you a portion of that. Now, it's definitely harder when I'm working with people who are at a certain age than it's different for everybody to get their metabolism revved up to a point where you start really getting some progress, getting them a little bit leaner and starting that process of building muscle as you're dropping that body fat. It takes a little bit longer and the age is different for everybody. But I've noticed that most people I'd change their diet and a couple of days you start to get some progress, but with older people, so for a boy to say it. But with somebody who's at that certain age, you'll see that sometimes it takes seven days before their body's like, alright, I get it. We have to actually change. Let's get that metabolism going a little bit. Let's make some progress. But that does not mean that it doesn't happen. It's just slower. One of the benefits though that anybody that's been training for years will tell you that it's had a pretty clean diet unless you've been eating hot pockets for the last 10 years is that it gets easier to say leaner as you go. Because your body becomes more efficient. It just knows what it has to do. I know when I was younger, I need a whole pizza and I'd stink like garlic for a whole week. Now, even before I start my shitty meals, I will sit there and start to heat up and then halfway through, I'll be like, be right back. I have to go to the bathroom, which pisses my girlfriend off because that's not the case for her. I think another misconception that people have is that you need to bulk to put on muscle mass. I made this mistake when I was younger, I just ate like a pig and family was disown me. People throw up when they saw me. It was bad experience, but it doesn't have to be that way. Because the amount of muscle mass you gain in a calorie surplus compared to a deficit is pretty insignificant. As long as you get your macros in check, you release a gram per pound of protein. Sometimes it's maybe more. And then you figure out the best energy source for you. For me, it's fats, lipid-free, scientific, and soles. For other people, it's carbohydrates. It's really about testing figure out what's best for you because if I just gave you a diet, it wouldn't serve you very well. You get some progress in the beginning of it, but then when you needed to evolve it and tweak it, you couldn't. So really, you have to figure out what's best for you and then go from there. Now, I can tell you this for a fact. It's more fun to stay leaner during the process because let's say over the next two years, you gain 10 pounds of muscle, but you had to become a big fat mass to get there. Or you get into nine and a half pounds of muscle, but you get to stay lean in entire process. What would you choose? So how do you make getting leaner and putting on muscle simultaneously a reality? Now, for me, it's pretty simple. It just comes back to measuring every single thing you do. Now, that may sound very simple and plain, but it's not just stepping on the scale. A lot of people do that, and they're just getting chubby. We're not doing that. We're talking about using it as a tool, but that's just one of the tools we're going to use. You step on the scale. You use a food scale, and you're going to use calipers. Now, the traditional weight scale is nice because it keeps you on track and it can really in pretty quickly because if you step on the scale for consistently a couple of days, and within three days, you gain five pounds, you've fucked up. And you know right away that something's wrong with your diet, you need to make tweaks, and it's as simple as that. You're not going to put on five pounds of muscle on three days. Hey, drink it too. Now, the food scales are incredibly important during this process because it's the key to getting you lead. So many times I see people on a diet, and they're like, yeah, I have a half cup of this, and I have a tablespoon of this. I know what tablespoons look like, especially when people have peanut butter is fucking ridiculous. You can't trust yourself with this. You've got to weigh out your food and have a consistent amount every day. That way you know what you're getting in, and there's no variance from that. And the calipers are going to make you there, but it's because they're going to pinch this, and tell you exactly where your body fat is to the point where you have one little tear around your face because you've got your 10% body fat turns out you're 16. Fucking hurts. But that in conjunction with the scale is going to give you a clear picture of where you're truly at because you can't make adjustments and make progress without knowing where you are and where you've been. So when you've had that track over a period of time, you can see what direction you're heading in. If you're just sitting there right now and you're going, you're on a diet and you're just pushing yourself and you're looking in the mirror and you're like, I'm making progress. It's too easy to line yourself. I do it all the time too. When you know exactly what you're at, it's easy to know like, okay, I'm getting out of control here. I don't really need pancakes before I work out in 17 hot pockets after that's not okay. Now most experience lifters can take that advice and see, you know what, I haven't been tracking myself the way I showed or the way I have my past. I'm going to do it and get results. But if you're brand new and you need to stop the bleeding in a hurry and you're just getting out of control, you're running a hole in your belt. Let me give you a place to start. First, just use your BMR. Figure out your maintenance calories and then from there drop it by a few hundred. Start with a limited diet where you just take three types of protein, three types of carbohydrates, three types of fat and you build a diet from there. I like to do at least 40% of my calories coming from protein and then I tweak the other two to really fit my needs and basically you're testing at that point. That's where your new found knowledge comes in. Okay, I'm going to experiment on myself because no one's coming for me, no one's going to do this for me. It's on me and then from there, it doesn't take long. You start your diet, tweak it every three days, use a scalars progress, use your calipers as progress and make sure you use your food scale and it's that easy. I'm going to wrap up by saying that it's possible for anybody but you're going to have to make a mental shift to make it happen because it's not easy. So that's why when you see somebody who's big and lean, I don't want to tip your cap to him. That or stay away from because they're probably pretty mentally messed up. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Building Muscle Vs Building Strength (BOTH？) [ntXztv4Mw-Q].txt ===

String. Muscle. String. Muscle. String. So the question is, can you build muscle and increase your strength at the same time? Kind of. Let's get after it. Now you can absolutely build our program that induces hypertrophy and build strength. But if you want to maximize your results and your own personal potential, you got to pick a team because they live on the opposite ends of the spectrum. It all comes back to the age-old question that every crazy person outside of the circle chaos you, how much do you bench? More specifically, what's your one rep max? Now when you hear one rep max, I know it's hard, but I want you to fight the urge to daydream about being back in high school and showing your little marshmallow prick in anything that moves and maxing out your squat, your deadlift, and your bench. Instead, I want you to extend it to everything you do. I'm talking to side laterals, rope extensions, hell even hip thrust because we actually don't care how much weight you can dry hump into the air. We're just using as a metric we can measure from and then optimize for either muscle growth or increasing strength. I built this kindergarten macaroni art looking line segment to help illustrate what having the goal to build muscle and increase your strength at the same time is actually a huge contradiction. Now if you feel like you were put on this earth, the lift progressively heavier shit, then you want to spend as much time as possible lifting weight that's 80 to 100% of your one rep max, or even more doing things like negatives to maximize strength gains. And if your goal is to get so overly muscular that you can just bounce your tits on command, then science says training anywhere from 30 to 80% of your one rep max is optimal for a hypertrophy. But I'd argue actually staying closer to that lower end because at the upper ranges, you run the risk of losing the connection and just moving weight. Keep in mind, these percentages are all done to complete failure. So a real world example of 30% of your one rep max would be sitting on the leg extension and doing 50 disgusting reps. Which brings us to another major distinction between the two goals and that's how you actually complete a rep. When your goal is to increase strength, you're not only lifting heavier and heavier loads, but your goal should also be to lift those loads as fast as you possibly can in a controlled manner. You're obviously lifting heavier weight, so it's not really going to move that fast, but that should be your goal. It's like when you come home from a first date. When you held your farts the entire time, you're not going to sit on the toilet and politely release five hours of frustration and pain. You're going to try to break the damn thing. When it comes to growth, the speed of the rep can either be fast or slow. It really doesn't matter because we're just using rep speed as a tool to increase intensity. Like this fucking thing. You can sometimes slow down and actually count the seconds between each rep or sometimes you have to speed it up because that's the only way you're going to get to that ridiculously high number. Another major difference is how the muscles work. In strength training, your goal is to distribute the work of the nerve-dermostial connections and hypertrophy, your goal is to isolate it. In other words, building muscle is like marriage. Strength training is mucacchi. For example, to do a deadlift, a lot of muscles have to work and you need to send them to make it happen. You can prove at it. Lift more weight. You don't need a bigger muscle. You obviously need a stronger one. And you get that by applying stress. The reason that training in those higher percentages of your one rep max is more conducive to increasing strength gains is because not all stress has created equal. The stress caused by mechanical tension or lifting heavy causes your body to recruit more motor neurons, larger motor neurons. Well, as an increase the rate at which they fire as well as changes to your connective tissue and the muscle itself. The stress caused by taking sets to failure in that 30 to 70 is percentage of your one rep max induced more metabolic stress. Now, both will obviously induce hypertrophy. But it's easy to see why training with the goal to increase the load that's burdened by several muscles is going to be less effective at building muscle compared to doing everything in your power to keep the supporting muscles from getting involved, isolating down to just the muscle you're trying to target to the point. You induce so much metabolic stress that you spit your protein shake up on your shirt, like a big fed infant. That's why I've always center my training around chasing the pump because a muscle doesn't have to get bigger even in the slightest bit to get stronger. But a bigger muscle always a stronger one. And because who cares how strong you are unless you play a sport semi-professionally, what do you worry about? Are you worried you're going to go to the grocery store? Actually, still some be spot. They're going to jump out and challenge you to a car deadlifting competition. Just hit them with your fucking car. At this point, there's to be no doubt to get the best results depending on what your goal is, building muscle or increasing strength, you're going to have to live on one end of this spectrum. In reality, it's more dependent on your personality. Or somebody that can be really patient and methodical and sit there and save up all your energy for a few intense sets or use somebody that just goes to the gym, picks a body part and fucks you up. If you're unsure or torn between which way you should go, here's an easy test. When your kid Christmas time, did you sit there patiently by the tree, counting your presence, waiting for that one moment of bliss to open everything up? Or were you the kid opening your presence with the shit, look on your face and your parents had asked you what was wrong, you had to explain. Listen, I'm fucking eight. So if you think hiding the presence of the closet is still a good idea, you're a dumber than I thought. Also, I got in a pretty serious sword fight with the dog and I was winning until mom's vibrating lightsaber ran in a battery. So, needless to say, we need more. At the end of the day, if you're not getting the results you want, it should be comforting to know that when you stress a muscle, it has no choice but to adapt. If you're not happy with how it's adapting, be more specific with your training. Pick a fucking team. If you decide to focus on building muscle, all length of programs will allow. There are 100% target around hypertrophy. They are ridiculously high volume and again, they're 30 days, 20 videos and all only 20 bucks. Also, if you're wife accidentally tried to jerk when you're legs, I'd watch this video. If your body type is that of a chode, this one will help you, but most importantly, like subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after a gig growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: CHEST WORKOUT (The Secret To THICK PECS!!) [eRZEV0aBfQs].txt ===

All right, so we're training chest. Now, there's a couple of different things I've been doing recently that I want to run through on top of the usual how to make it already horrible exercise, not much worse, but public service announcement. If you're a real pro-teach beginner car, just let it go. Say, forget, it's not worth the risk. I did it my car, tried to clean it up, broke my f***ing finger and half. So over the past month, all my chest workouts have been predominantly decline movements. Now, the reason for that is, I don't know about you, but for me, I don't think somebody has a fully developed chest until that lower pack gets so muscular, it's going to get a little hang to it. There's so much fullness that if you're 13-year-old self got a hold of it, they get a little chum. One of the unforeseen benefits that I found from tweaking most of the exercise that I do am making a more of a decline movement is that it kind of opened up the playbook a little bit more and brought back in exercises that I wasn't connecting with before. So like a flat dumbbell press where at the bottom it's getting a lot of anterior delt. There wasn't really much of a stretching contraction there. There wasn't really much movement in that pack. And then the tricep would jump into the top. Now, by tweaking that movement, arching my back more, I get more of a stretch. So obviously I'm opening that chest even more. It's more of a comfortable position for those shoulders and I got a better contraction overall. The best way I find to do these isn't by throwing on play their knees to bench or even using a decline bench. It's just putting your feet on top and using your hips to dictate the angle of your body. That way you can kind of adjust the position and see what fits best for you because it might not take much. You might just need a slight angle to have a better, more comfortable position for those shoulders to get a better contraction. And then it's easier to get out of. You can just throw it right in your quads and pop back up. So dips have made their way into everything one of these workouts. Because obviously, they're more of a downward movement than any other exercise you can do. But not the way most people do them. Most people do them like they just left whatever CD thing they were looking at on the internet on their computer and they got a race that are partnering to get home before they find out. Really how messed up they are. They're going to be a little bit more of a loss of the energy. They're going to be a little bit more of a loss of the energy. They're going to be a little bit more of a loss of the energy. And they're going to be a little bit more of a loss of the energy. They're partnering to get home before they find out. Really how messed up they truly are. The way I do these is as slow as possible. It's one of those very exceptions. If I get over 10 reps, I've messed up. Because what I want to do is a five count negative. A three second hole in the bottom where I really open up that chest, pull those shoulders back, hold that stretch a second, and then start the contraction up, five count positive. And it's a very slow methodical movement. It's a painfully horrible movement. Because I might have a very short range of motion because I'm going from fully stretched to about a little bit above halfway. If you can do that for more than 10 reps, then you have an incredibly strong chest or you're just a really underweight human, you need to eat more food. So obviously, cable flies are an incredibly really hit that lower pack because you can come out in so many different angles. And you can really figure out what's the best way to contract that lower part of your chest and really peek out the contraction and finish it off in that lower pack. So we're going to hit in two different ways. The first one we're going to set up the cable low and come across the body. Now this one's all about the contraction and finding the best connection for you, less about the stretch. So first thing what you do is kind of play around the shoulders a little bit and see what you connect with most. You might connect better by turning in a little bit and you might hit a little bit more inner chest that way or turning out. The second thing to watch out for is your wrist. So as you're coming up, either turn that hand in towards you more and see if you wrap that around your body or turn that wrist towards the ceiling, see if you can peek out the contraction that way. After two working sets of those, which working sets of the ones where you've grown like an idiot and don't realize it because you have your headphones on. You're going to put the cable nice and high. Really focusing on the stretch and exaggerating that range of motion. I can pretty much guarantee you have a better contraction by supiting that wrist towards the ceiling and flexing past your midline. So we're finishing up with a declim bench variation, doing a couple of burnout sets. Now, this is how I know I'm on the right track because usually I do anything barbell based. I mean, it tells my shoulder, my interior dealt and that chest insertion point to go either bag of dicks and hurry and you just have to stop right there. But because of putting my feet on the bench, I'm really adjusting those hips in a way and I find that perfect angle for me where I can really open up the shoulders that's comfortable. I mean, there's been no issues whatsoever. It's been a crazy soreness I've got from it and it just works really well. So one thing I want you to watch out for though is as you watch the B roll of this, kind of watch how my elbows flare in, not out and watch and the best way I can kind of put this in state this is make sure you're driving through that elbow and not through your wrist or through your shoulders, really drop that elbow, flex it up and make sure you're pushing with your chest and nothing else. All right, so as always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next. And after getting going, talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Chest Exercises YOU'RE DOING WRONG! [Ev0MWBkp53Q].txt ===

All right, today we're going to have the biggest mistake I see people make when training chest and this one's a little bit more personal. I should probably call it the biggest mistake I made for years training chest because if all your body parts are growing your chest is lagging behind. This is going to fix that problem. Help you save it a little bit of time. Let's get after it. I don't know about you. When I first got started, no idea what it's doing. Look like a goddamn baby deer in there bouncing around. It's tough to watch. So much so that I cut the attention of the old time with the jam that, see, I need to some help. Two years of knowledge and he gave me a little piece of advice that completely fucked me up. And that advice was you want to build a big chest? You got to press. I spent year structuring my chest workouts around different pressing moments and at the very end, sprinkle in a couple sets of flies, dismal results are best. The moment I flip that around, that's when I really start to get results. If you're somebody that gets results from presses, good for you. This video's not for you. Stop rubbing it in. For those that don't, I'm not saying take presses out completely. But instead, transforming into a movement where you're coming across your body. It's going to help you engage that chest more, keep it out of the anterior delt, the tricep, and really that's the name of the game for growing any muscle. Find out what movement you connect with the most, do that more. So if you're going to try to add a few more fly movements and see how it works out for you, let me give you a couple of govins to throw in. Now if you see somebody make the fatal mistake of getting a drink of water between sets, perfect opportunity to steal their bench, take it to the cable crossover. This one's better than the standing various and low cable flies, especially during the negative because you can really push back against that pad, open up the shoulders around it, and really stretch that chest even more. And then make sure on the way up, you don't just touch those handles together. Make sure you really try to drive those elbows in, touch those hands together. That's going to really just create a harder flex, more intense contraction overall. Another one I love is the machine fly, but setting enough for rear delts and doing it unilaterally. The benefit is being able to contract that chest in a way your body is not used to. Being able to open up that chest in a fully stretched position, come across your body, and then push past the point you normally stop to get in no flex that most other chest exercises can't compete with. And if that's not enough to try this exercise more, you can pinpoint what part of the chest you want to target by either leaning forward, anymore the upper chest or leaning back and target that lower chest. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video one next. Get after get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Critiquing Subscribers Form! [SY_OmpWZJ_o].txt ===

I had you guys send me training videos and it turns out you have horrible form. So today we're gonna fix that. And yeah, I shaved my head again because I figured why settle for two testicles when you can have three. Alright, starting off with victim number one. Every time the weight touches, I die a little more inside. Aside from the fact that I prefer a seated hamstring because it makes you work them in a longer length, I think we can all agree that taking the load off the hamstring completely when it's at its most stretch is probably not beneficial. In fact, it's probably detrimental to hypertrophy. The fact the matter is certain machines just suck. So you're gonna have to jerry-rig. Using a pad like this will allow you to get that full stretch without touching the bottom and slowly killing me inside. The only thing I want to add other than wash your hair you look filthy is it looks like you're jolting the weight up. Remember your goal is not to just get it up. It's to cause the muscle to fail. So slow it down and flex the weight up. Now this next one is glorious. Now most people would happily punch a baby to be able to squat that low. So you might think there's not really much to critique here, but I've spent years getting my hips and ankles hypermobile. So sometimes I fall into this trap as well where I think I'm getting this nice deep stretch. When in reality I'm just sitting on my calves. My quads are at length, but there is no tension whatsoever. It's basically just a passive stretch at the bottom that I re-engage it. You can even see the exact point where the tension comes off of his quads right there. And I know it sounds crazy to say, but the answer to keep tension in this quads the entire time is just not to go as low. Oh, it even feels bad to say that. Just because you can pick up a dollar bill with your butt cheeks doesn't mean you should. So instead of this, which I could sit here all day, think about my life, stop a hair short of that. There we go, that felt bad the entire time. And if your form looks nothing like that. It looks like dog shit. Easy fix. Either buy yourself some wedges or throw two plates under your heels and it's same same. Speaking of punching a cougar in the tit. What are you doing with that form? All jokes aside, I would bet your arms are better than most men that watch this channel. But we can fix that form. First thing, put your hands close or want to draw a straight line from your shoulder to your hand and that's the path I want you to curl up on. Second thing, hold the bar slightly out in front of you. We're going to put more emphasis on the bicep when it's at longer lengths. And finally, simply stop the contraction before you're able to rest at the top. It should be painful the entire time. And I appreciate your service. And the exact same thing applies for this kid. That forms pretty damn good. But it could be better. If you bring your hands slightly out in front of you and lean back a hair, now we've taken the initial part of the movement that you were wasting your life with and turned it into the most difficult part. You'll hate me later. The number of people that sent me a video of them almost shitting out their spine is absurd. You got this kid who kept his back rounded the entire time because he is efficient. This guy who was incredibly impressive, but holy hell, that's awful. And my personal favorite. Oh, well at least that's out with where we're never going to do that. Wait, what do you do? Ha! Well, at least he's sterile now. And those were just some of many close to or one rep maxes that people sent me for some reason. And I'm assuming you watch this channel because you are training for high-perchaffee. What are we doing? The amount of eagle lifting is baffling. If your primary goal is high-perchaffee, dead lives are a bad choice. But if you're going to do it, let's do it correctly. Step one, position your feet slightly in from shoulder width. The bar should be mid-foot. Step two, wind your feet. Step three, drop into your hips, allowing your knees to drift forward just far enough to where your shins touch the ball. Step four, breath slightly wider than shoulder width. Overhand only. I don't care what anybody says. Never do underhand just where straps if you need to. Otherwise you're going to tear your biceps. Step five, drive your knees out, step six, lock in your lats. Step seven, brace your core, and pick shit up and set it down. And if your back ever looks like this at any point, do not, do not pass go. Spin the next two months working on reverse hypers. Also, I realize after reviewing all these clips, I'm the only responsible one that recites his valves with every rep. This particular exercise, I've never seen before. So we have to try it. So he basically went from a bent over one arm row to a standing what the fuck. All right. Nope. Made it stupid. Don't do that. The classic game of Brown IP can go. This one hits pretty close to home because I have blown my back completely out on one of those side backs machines that oscillate as it comes down. I got to the 15th rep on my first set in my back tilted just a little. Oh, that was a good workout. I'm going to go sit in my car for two hours until I can drive home. It's tough to tell based on how he filmed it, but I'm assuming what most people do is stay where they're strongest. Keep those legs fairly close. Let those knees sit right on your stomach so you can drive it off. To fix this, I would simply allow your knees to drive out and wrap around your body. I know you're going to feel weak at first because you probably haven't trained your addoctor since ever, but that will strengthen those, create better overall hit mobility and lead to more quad growth because I'm assuming that's what you're trying to do here. Unless you did that purely to wank it people, not cool. Now, this next video technically isn't a submission. I solicited this. This lady goes to the gym that I go to and every time she walks in, I think, how? Why have you forsaken me? So, apparently you can train your entire life to end up with that, decent legs, or you can be born an Asian woman. And because I know I'm going to get a shitload of comments, here's her IG tag. Don't be too creepy. I'm going to leave that drop box link in the description. Just in case you guys liked this and want to do it again sometime, but if you didn't, forget this ever happened. And if you haven't got a chance to buy the full gym 3.0 program, it's actually 12 weeks. It's still only 20 bucks and it will teach you how to fail it life.

=== FILE: DUMB Exercises That Get BIG GAINS FAST! (DON'T SKIP THESE) [44pmtAVuoKI].txt ===

Pretty cool, like an exercise huh? That would be if that's actually how it looked. In reality, it looks like this. Real cool huh? And that's the point. There's a lot of exercises that we can do that will lead to phenomenal results, but also, well, make us something we have some sort of developmental disorder, or we were dropped to me in times as a kid, but that's good, because most of us actually were dropped to many times. So let's go over some of those exercises because we need those gains. So if you're one of those people, like, I don't know if I can do this, because people with a gym are going to judge me. Here's something that's always served me, and it's that people often overstate how significant they really are. Because the truth is, if you're leaving the gym one day, not paying attention, and that old lady who wears those old spandex, 80s outfits with the thong built in, accidentally runs you over. People in the gym are going to be like, oh my god, what happened? I think the run over, what was this name? I think it was Glenn. Oh, no, we need to do Glenn. More of the story, people don't care, so you shouldn't either. Alright, let's start up by quickly going over the exercises show in the beginning, because I know people are going to ask about it, and we've talked about it before, but there's even more we can add to it, because you can do it dumbbells, a straight bar, a reverse grip of my favorite way, is with an easy bar. And at any moment, if you want to make it more intense, you're going to add a static contract at the top and the bottom of the movement. So we're going to have that fully stretched position, lean back, we're going to get into gravity, hold that for two, three seconds. And as you can track up, you lean forward again two, three seconds, and it's going to make it a lot worse. And yeah, you're going to look ridiculous, rocking back and forth, of course, that's part of it. And if you yell that frank and beans when people not even bat an eye, probably not, because it fits the part, but that doesn't mean you should avoid it. You should probably do more of it. It's fun to be how much better supplements are made for women, taste compared to ones that are made for men. I don't know who's buying them ones with a clown face with blood dripping that are rainbow donkey deft flavored, but apparently kids are, because they're selling like hotcakes. And if you're sitting there thinking, it's pretty tough to look stupid on a CD calf race, how can I embarrass myself on this thing? Challenge accepted, because if you do this exercise in this way, and people that Jim wondering why you don't have one of those backpacks on the leash on it. It's a lot recently, because sometimes you don't want to do drops heads, because if the pain in the ass, you got to take the weight off, put it back on. So instead, once you get done with your set, 20, 30, 50 reps, however sick you are, you rack that weight, and then from there, you're doing parser reps overloading at the top, but also you're taking tension off that calf completely, and then forcing that rep and just squeezing out whatever you have left. It's not going to be much more, but the nice part is you get to keep that same weight, even a few more reps, because it's a little bit easier doing it this way, and it just tears it up even more. You also look stupid, so that's cool. I don't know about you, but I used to see people use the T-Rex for their entire workout and think, what a door. Tell you, got older, wise, or oddly less mature. I started using it more and more for PT, posture, stuff, and one of my favorite split squat variations, because it's a little bit more dynamic, and it forces you to shift all that weight on that working leg, just to even keep your balance getting gates at quad, and you can stretch it hamstring more by leaning more forward, and there's a fun game you can play, as pretending you only have one side of your body, push yourself to complete failure to almost pass out, and then stand up and look at the other leg and say, good fucking luck. Alright, let's go over one more, because the last thing I need is to get carried away, kick out of the gym, and only let back game when you have your leash on, and when I was thinking about this video, I thought, okay, let me run through some of the exercises that are really valuable, but people avoid them because they look ridiculous, and they realize my entire shoulder today is one ridiculous exercise after another. I do partial reps, the silos at the top, at the bottom, I do different rotation movements, but this one, this one is the worst. Because you're going to literally hear people say, oh my god, that's so sweet, that's what I had that little chair thing attached to the pool, it's for this guy, because you're going to look like you can't get up, but in terms of connecting with that rear delt, there's nothing better, because it takes your back out of the quasian, your traps can't get involved because you're doing partial reps at the top, so if your somebody has trouble connecting with those rear delts, I would start to work out with these, pre-exhaust, push that blood in there, you can do anything else after, doesn't matter, they're going to be blown out. Just make sure you usually lightweight and try that tricep along your lad as you can track up, and once you get done, go use that chair thing, because I know you've always wanted to do. If you haven't got a chance to check out the full gym program, or the garage one, links in the description, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. And if you want to see what the future PPL program will be like, I'll leave a playlist right here, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it, get growing. Dr. Sune, if you're wondering why I use my eye for that first shot, I don't know, consider yourself lucky, because that wasn't my first idea.

=== FILE: Do THIS Before EVERY Exercise To BUILD MORE MUSCLE! [fc6iJauFv7I].txt ===

So there's something I do before I start every single exercise, and I don't see anybody else do this. I think it's a biggest factor in determining how much muscle you can actually put on. Let's get after it. And as you can see, it's still covered in bruises. And at first I was like, this sucks. Tell I rediscover one of my favorite pastimes as a kid, lying. So when I laid you ran up to me, obviously, a huge fan of copying was like, oh my god, don't you love the way those cups feel? I just really, it helps you recover. I just gave it the most blank stare. What's cumping? She got so nervous. She didn't know what to say. I just thought because the bruises and basically your suction cups and you, why do you have, can I ask why you have these bruises? Well, me and my wife only get one date nine a week. So we like to do it big. We go to a nice dinner and then afterwards, I go over the guy who owns small batting cages. He lets a sneak in after hours and bang it out. I can give you his number if you want. I would just ease into it. That a couple of softballs graze your nips before you start taking heaters. She did not appreciate that. So one of the biggest critiques I've seen from people is that I'm trying to reinvent the wheel. And all these exercise variations are overkill, but I'd argue when you train the way I do and you value connection over everything else, they're essential. Because when I go to the gym, I have an idea of what I wanna do, but nothing's set in stone. Everything is determined by how the exercise feels on that particular day. I think this is a critical difference between somebody gets real results. And then they ask one next to you, there's done the same five exercises for each body part, the same form, and looks the same for the past five years. So let me give you a process to help figure this out. So you plan on hitting biceps and you wanna do seated dumbbell curls with a subinated grip. Now before you can't, any of your sets, I want you to sit there and do five reps with that subinated grip and really focus on flexing the weight up. And before you decide that's it, that's my bottom bitch. I want you to do three or four different exercise variations doing five reps of each. And just seeing if you get a better connection could be a drag curl variation, you could lean forward, show you your connection. That way you can change the tempo, you can lean back and do an incline curl. And if you're sitting there thinking now, I'm emphasizing a completely different muscle. I went from doing a seated dumbbell curl where I was gonna focus on that short head. Now you have me leaning back and incline curl that's gonna put more emphasis on that long head. Yeah, exactly. I'm 100% okay with that, as long as you factor in the rest of your workout. Because the beauty of prioritizing the connection over everything else is that as you progress for the workout, it gets easier to connect the exercises. So maybe you start out with that dumbbell curl and you didn't feel right. And you feel like an old crumpled up piece of shit and you wanna go play in traffic. The next time you do it, maybe two, three exercises later, you're gonna have a great connection to it. But there are times you wanna be stubborn and fight for the connection because if you don't, you're not gonna hit the muscles you wanna hit. And this happens a lot on legs. Say you're on the hacksquat and you wanna light up those quads so you wanna walk those feet in. But for whatever reason, you're not connecting that day. That's usually because your knees have said, get the fuck out of here with that dumb idea. So you can take that same thought process and find a variation you connect with, which most likely will be a nice, high, wide stance that way it's less pressure on those knees. And as you go through each set, you're gonna walk those feet in closer and closer. So by the time you get to those really tough working sets, you're right where you wanna be. At the end of the day, I think we all have a similar evolution of our lifting career. You start out as a rookie and you remember these times. Probably high school where you benched every single day because there was an unspoken rule between you and your friends that if you couldn't bench one 35, your piece is shit. And then you progress to a novice left door where you started squatting and deadlifting, but still required supervision because once a month you unwrapped too much weight on one side and the bar would flip off. And then you leveled up to a pro, which means no matter what exercises thrown at you, you understand your body and what proper form should be no matter what you're working and you're competent with everything you do. But I think the next evolution happens when you're in the gym, you start listening to your body and tailoring your workouts to whatever you connect with best and fuck it's hot in here. And if you didn't know the full gym programs out and just like the garage program, it's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. We got week one in there and every week they a new workout drops. So Monday, it's another horrible arm day. If you haven't watched these two videos, I watch those next, but both importantly subscribe, hit the notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Do This BEFORE Every Workout (BETTER THAN FACE PULLS!) [XS3rSeTHpUs].txt ===

I've been searching a long time for the perfect exercise that warms up your shoulders, improves your posture, and one you could do before every single workout. And I found it. And no, it's not face pulls. But by all means, if those work for you and you like taking those black balls to the face, you do you. But there's a better way. Let me explain. So let me start off by saying, I'm not just doing this to be contrarian. I tried to like face pulls because I needed them. I needed to improve my thoracic mobility. And I knew I was neglecting those external rotators, Terry's minor, and for Spinata's. But it let me down. And my posture kept getting worse and worse was a shit sandwich. And you would think it's because I grew up in the air of dial up. I spent my time hunched over my computer because it took 10 minutes to the little single picture of a naked woman and she'd show up in sections. Did you see the top of her head and then her shoulder? And then by the time I got to that giant C-section scar that you mistake for a tattoo, because really couldn't tell with that blurry little thumbnail, it was too late. But even that didn't cause any issues. You know what did though? I trained under the false belief that as long as I'm hitting my chest and anterior delts, as much as I'm hitting my rear delts and rhomboids, it'll even it out. It didn't. My thoracic mobility got worse, shoulders continue to roll forward. All the way to the point that I suffered from cervical ridiculopathy, just the fancy word for a pinch of nerve and my neck. And I've talked about using the bow ties that trainer to really remind you to keep those shoulders back and down when you're sitting in front of the computer for long bouts and different thoracic mobility exercises to really open everything up. But I do this exercise every single day, even late day. And it's transformed my posture. It's released that pressure on my neck and not only that, I've seen noticeable improvement in my chest because my shoulders are just naturally back and down. And yeah, I don't want to go over posture stuff on this channel because it's boring. I'm two steps away from teaching how to bear it down and take a shit. But I feel like this is useful. So we have to. For this exercise, you're going to need a T.R.x. Now, most gyms are going to have one of these and you should definitely have one at your house because you're going to do this every single day. And if you don't, just scrounge around your house and grab a couple pairs of your wife's old underwear and pack it up and sell it to a few nice gentlemen online and don't worry, your wife won't get mad because it's for a good cause. T.R.x. Now, this movement has three distinct parts and they all had a different set of muscles. So to start out, you're going to make that T.R.x as long as it can go, you're going to set yourself up at a 45 degree angle and don't be worried that you're not pulling from a high point like you normally were with the face pull, your hands are going to be perpendicular even slightly below. That's what we want because we're hitting some of the bigger muscles involved with pulling everything back, your rear delts, your rhomboids, that mid trap. So I'm going to pull towards your face, separate those hands and finish with those elbows at 90 degrees. Now that those muscles are engaged, we can call them external rotators to get involved. And that's where the true beauty of this exercise comes in because as you progress with the movement, you're working against less and less of your body weight, which allows you to call them some of the smaller muscles like your Terry's minor and your infrasprinatus to get involved and externally rotate that shoulder and not worry about some of those bigger muscles that normally say, fuck you, I'm taking this over because they're already fully contracted and engaged. So we have to worry about them because you just focus on externally rotating that shoulder and pulling ourselves a little bit more forward. And then from there, we're going to keep those shoulders back and down and go into a press. Not because of a give a shit about the muscles normally involved in the press, it's because we're still working against our own body weight. So we have to really fight to keep those muscles. We just activated, engaged and it's going to work on the most red headed of all ginger muscles that low trap. So make sure you go nice and slow and engage at the entire time. And here's the best part. It's a two easy, inch those feet forward and slow it down. It's a two difficult sort of to walk them back and you realize about six reps in, this is different. So what do we learn? Well, if you keep taking black balls to the face, that's on you. And if you haven't got a chance to take out the 30 day program, link in the description 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. And if you missed the one on the bow tie where I talked about other mobility exercises, I'd watch this next. Also another one of my favorites, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Do This Workout 1x Month For Serious MUSCLE GROWTH! [yU5M_GWBTbs].txt ===

All right, today we're going to work out with only one exercise and one set will transform the way you train forever. It's a bold strategy cotton. Now I'm sure hearing that, your spider senses are tingling and you're starting to smell a subtle hint of bullshit in the air, but I'm not being facetious. I 100% mean that. See, when I was younger, I was a bit of a procrastinator, but it had been a blessing because when I realized this, when you put things off long enough and you're up against it, you can make some pretty incredible things happen. Here's a good example. Now relate to if I ask you, okay, what takes longer? Taking a piss or taking a shit. All of us should say taking a shit, just the mechanics of it alone, wiping your ass, you're going to check your feet. It's going to be an event. But I want you to think back to a first date that we've all had. Everything's going good. You have to rest right. You have a great time. Also, you realize, oh, something's brewing. You know you've got to pass it off to like you're not going to go on the bathroom and destroy it and probably get the rest right shut down for good because the health code violation you're about to commit. Maybe right back, I'm going to run the restroom, just take a quick pee before dessert gets here. The moment you get out of her sight, you're doing that quick shit shuffle. You get in there and you blow it out faster than you ever have in your entire life. You lap the guy in the urinal next to you, you quickly wash your hands, you don't drive and you exit that bathroom like you just finished a fucking marathon, you're breaking through a ribbon. But it's not just related to time. You're standard in any area of your life will expand or contract based upon the amount of pressure you put on yourself. I also learned this when I was younger because now it was I procrastinated. I was also pretty dumb and I did some crazy stuff with my workouts. Like one time me and my buddy Scott trained legs every day for 30 days. Another time I did two of day workouts but not the way you think. I was trained everybody part twice a day, AM and PM the same damn workout. Not very smart. But what I realized is your body will pretty much adapt to anything because on day three of the 30 days of legs, you feel like at any moment you could die. By day 14 it's just who you are. You're sick. So what the hell does it have to do with the workout that only has one exercise and one set? Well, I think everybody needs a white whale. Hold on. A white whale is a set that is impossible. It forces you to fight through pain even though you know no matter how hurt you lean your effort or how good you are to happen in that childhood trauma, you're still going to fail to get there. It has one single solitary purpose to raise your fucking standard. Mine is a century set on Hacksquat with a weight that I struggle to get 30 reps with. So a hundred reps is my Everest, which reminds me of one of my favorite quotes about Everest which I learned isn't actually a real quote. It's from Jurassic Park. And it's when they asked the guy who went up Everest without oxygen. Why'd you go up there to die and he said, I didn't. I went up there to live completely bullshit but I still love it. As we all started working out for a similar reason, maybe you're like me and get a bunch of alcoholics and drug addicts in your family and you thought, well, I'm not taking that route. I'm trying to turn this addictive personality into something positive or maybe you had an insecurity you're running from and the gyms what you found. No matter what messed up reason caused you to start, it's not why you stayed. You stayed because you fell in love with the fight. So it's having an entire workout that's in around one set that you pull out once every other month to try to break yourself with and see if you can just get a few more reps really worth it. Well, if you can honestly say that you're pushing yourself hard enough now, then no, you don't need it. But you're also full of shit, you need it. So figure out your white whale and get after it. And if you need more specific help, I'll link the program as below each of them, only 20 bucks and they're like going through puberty again. And I'll leave you with this. There's a lot of assholes in the world and there's nothing you can do about it. But you can always control how much of an asshole you're already yourself.

=== FILE: Do You Need To Get STRONGER To BUILD MORE MUSCLE？ (MAYBE!) [0_VMZ-HH-gs].txt ===

All right, today we're answering the question, do you really need to get stronger to build more muscle? And spoiler alert, it's gonna surprise you because the answer is, eh, kinda, let me explain. So when it comes to building muscle, there's generally two schools of thought. One of which is that exact concept of progressively overloading the muscle with more and more weight until that muscle's forced to adapt and grow. But there's a flaw when making that the foundation of all you're training and that's the fact that there's a tipping point where I need the whiteboard. Here's you, a frail little stick of a man. And this is your journey to build more muscle as you progressively overload. But as you attempt to lift more and more weight, end up sacrificing the connection, which is simply putting the maximum out of stress on the muscle you're intending to use during the lift for the entire duration of the set. But as you can see, there's this beautiful little sweet spot. And that's when you can attempt to lift more weight than your previous best, but still maintain enough of that connection and form to the point you're not just recruiting whatever the fuck muscles will get the job done. But as easy as it is to draw your little puny body and illustrate where the sweet spot is and real life, it's hard to figure out. And it's even harder to maintain because again, you're being compelled to constantly increase the weight. Training like that actually forces you away from the sweet spot. Even if it's just to add a little bit more weight, like one of these vanilla wafer's. One of the first nipples I ever saw was surrounded by an areaula, just like this. I'm still disappointed. Now the exact inverse of that is training for metabolic stress. Or you can think of as high volume training or chasing the pump or I just like to think of it as that bonus level of the Simpsons arcade game where the blown up giant balloons of their head to me that makes sense. Now the interesting part about training like this and valuing the connection over all else is you're going to get to a point where you can't lift a more weight. But I can't overstate this. That's the fucking point. You see in the previous pursuit, we talked about a progressive overloading. When you do an exercise, you're going to end up with Seth like this. The warmup set and then probably another warmup set and then a set with a moderate amount of weight but stop at eight reps because you don't want to waste any effort. Then a set with heavier weight and you still get those eight reps and then a final set where it's an all-out war and you only get seven reps and you cry a couple of tears in your log book. But that's the end of the exercise. And that and a nutshell is the exact reason I have a problem with training like this because I don't think life's a Disney movie. I don't think you're trying to work together with your muscles as a team to lift the weight and achieve the goal and live happily ever after and draw a penis on the cover of the VHS box. I think you should treat your muscles like adversaries because that's what they are. My husband or calf wake up in the middle of night with a Charlie horse. It's because he's trying to fucking kill you. I mean, your body's actually trying to tell you something but that's beside the point. Don't get lost in the weeds. That's why I love training to induce that metabolic stress because you really are kicking your own ass and treating yourself accordingly. For example, when you attempt to lift more weight and you're able to, you don't just jot it down your log book and pat yourself on the back, you say, big fucking deal, do it again. And then when your body fails to, you take a few pounds off or drop the pen and say to yourself, oh, you pour a little bit. Here's some baby weight for you. Do it again. The goal you should actually have is to humiliate that muscle and induce so much metabolic stress that your curling tans and look like you're about to pass out. So how does that help answer the question? Do you need to get stronger to build more muscle? This one simple statement, a strong muscle doesn't always equate to a big one, but a big muscle is always a strong one. I'm sure you've seen guys in the gym look like an average Joe and then you're watching them and they did lift a house and you're like, what the hell? And as you look closer, you're like, okay, they're just built to move weight. You got a compact frame, long arms, as insertion points, you're just built for leverage. You have strong muscles, but not big ones. And that answers the question. It's the opposite because even if your training's never centered around lifting more weight, as it muscle gets bigger, it's gonna get stronger. And with great power comes great responsibility, not to ego lift like an asshole. And don't worry, I have the PPL program ready for you guys around Christmas. So if you wanna kick your ass as a gift to yourself, you'll be able to. But if you haven't got a chance to check out the other 30-day programs, I'll link them below, both of them. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. And if you haven't watched these two yet, I'd watch those, but most importantly, subscribe, hit the notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. Esoon.

=== FILE: Does Muscle Soreness Mean Muscle Growth？ (TRUTH HURTS!) [2Asc0a34wX8].txt ===

All right, today we're going over whether or not muscle soreness is a good indication that you're actually growing and spoiler alert to me. It absolutely is, but not the way you think. Let's get after it. So I'm going to have to do some of the after effects because I used to have a bunch of poster boards, but in a previous video I just drew a bunch of pieces because it couldn't get the angle just right. So that's why I don't have them. So if you've seen a video covering this in the past, the more than likely the presented this topic, but introducing you to the three mechanisms of growth. You got mechanical tension, which is just simply progressive overload metabolic stress, which is my personal favorite that's constant tension or the auto-erotic exphyxiation of muscle building, and then finally muscle damage or muscle soreness. And the contention comes from the fact that soreness does not have to be present for growth to take place. You can go to the radical mechanical tension or metabolic stress and get very little soreness, but still experience growth. That's why you'll see people lose their f***ing minds smashing their keys saying soreness does not equal growth. But here's the thing, even the scientific community can't agree on what muscle soreness is. And then they come up with a new study where they elect you to some people, and then they realize well maybe it's not the muscle fibers, maybe it's in the connective tissue, but it'll go elect you to some more people. And then they do and they realize well maybe it's a result of inflammation back to elect you to people. Needless to say, scientists have been sword fighting about this for years, but to me that doesn't matter because I don't think that's important. I don't think it's a three horse race. And it's choosing whether you're going to train based upon mechanical tension, which is progressive overload or metabolic stress, which is constant tension and using muscle soreness as your measuring stick. And the reason I argue that muscle soreness does equal growth is because it's your feedback loop for everything related to building muscle. For instance, how do you know whether or not you properly hit the muscle you were trying to target through soreness? If you've tried to hit traps and you wake up the next morning and you got a horrible pain in your gooch, you missed it. And it's also great measuring tool to figure out if you're training hard enough. I don't care if you focused on constant tension or progressive overload. If you train legs and the next day you feel like you could train them again, I don't need to see your logbook to tell you that you did a horrible job. And I've also heard people say you shouldn't aim to be overly sore because I have a serious impact on performance. So you train legs on Thursday, you go to hit him again Tuesday, but they're still sore. You're going to take a performance hit. But that's also assuming you're a four year old and you can adjust your schedule and take an extra day or two off of rest because to me, you earn the right to rest more. Your body will adapt and you won't need as much rest in the future. But what you can't do is avoid it because the inevitable next question that people ask is well, how do I reduce soreness? And always that not the right question to ask, it can be counterproductive because if you try to take a much anti-inflammatory or really do anything to reduce the information, now you're inhibiting muscle growth. Because you just spent all that time in the gym destroying yourself and now you're going to run from that pain and not let your body adapt. There's a good analogy to related to. So you come home and you find your wife, Chugga, a bunch of weeners. You can't run to the bar and data bunch of whiskey because we've all seen the music video for whiskey, Lala Bay. Didn't turn out great. So at the end of the day, soreness doesn't equal growth, but it's more important than that. It's your guide and whether or not you're hitting the muscles you're trying to target, you're training with enough intensity and you're recovering from your workouts. It's a pretty big, big, big deal. And a quick note last one, if you're not recovering like you used to, that's a good sign that there's something internally going on. Get your blood work done. You shouldn't be sore for weeks on end. You're probably fucked up. So if you haven't got a chance to record the program, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you haven't watched these two videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly, subscribe. Hit the notification bell. Get after you get growing. See you soon.

=== FILE: Drink THIS Every Workout! [OkE_WOpPejM].txt ===

I spent the last month diving into the research around intro workout nutrition. Everything from a high molecular weight carbohydrate to BCA's to creatine to answer the question what actually works. If I take this giant needle and do a biopsy of my quad, is there some sort of drink concoction that I can ingest while I work out that over the next three to four months? Well add more cross-sectional area, more sarcomeers in parallel in the individual muscle fibers, or did I just stab myself with a Chinese biopsy needle just for the hell of it? So let's start by diving into the science around everyone's favorite macronutrient. Purple Hydrate. To fully appreciate these and be able to gain the system, you're going to need a better understanding of exactly what happens between the time I'm ingesting this and it turning into muscle glycogen. It's all going to run through this diagram real quick because not knowing this is how most mistakes are made. When you first put carbohydrates into your big fat face, they immediately start getting broken down both physically by the act of chewing and by salivary enzymes. Next up, the stomach. What is that sound familiar? Back. I spent my entire life working to turn into a Mrs. Frisel. Magic, good vibes? Not much digestion happens here, other than physical because your stomach is so acidic that it actually inactivates those salivary enzymes. Magic school bus. Next up, the small intestines. With the majority of digestion takes place. With the pancreas, dumps and enzymes that primary one for carbohydrates being pancreatic amylase, as well as the breast board enzymes will fully break those carbohydrates into mono saccharides. From there, they're absorbed into the bloodstream through mucosos cells that line the small intestines. Eventually making their way back to the liver where they're all be converted to the usable form of glucose. Cool story, bro. But where's this magic glycogen? The easiest way to think about glycogen is it's just a shitload of bonded glucose molecules. So if your body goes through the entire process of breaking down a complex carbohydrate into its simplest form of glucose, it then essentially has to create its own complex carbohydrate glycogen. How are we not dead? Your liver and your brain to a much, much smaller extent creates its own glycogen. And this is important to know because muscle building is a luxury and your body has a hierarchical structure in terms of dipping up its resources. For example, your brain metabolizes 60% of the glucose in your blood. I don't know if I have a liver around your fetus, fetus, the centa penis. Your liver maxes out at about 100 grams of glycogen storage, but there's also a baseline level that needs to be met to maintain proper functioning. That's why if you ever seen anybody in just fruit-toe strain their workout, they're actually doing it predominantly for their liver. But more on that later. On top of other things in your body that take priority, like your kidneys and red blood cells, but that's in a non-exercise environment. When you train, everything changes. When you train, proteins named glut-four, which are normally inside the muscle cell, move to the cell membrane or the surface of the cell, allowing for an increased glucose uptake. And the harder you train, the greater degree of glut-four, translocation. Or simply, more of those little glut-four bastards get their permission slip sign and they're allowed to go into the field trip to the surface of the cell which brings in more glucose to that muscle cell. Ever heard of the metabolic window? That's exactly what this is referring to. It's just horribly named. It should be called a glycogen window because it's the period of time after you train that you can synthesize glycogen at a greater rate. Why is that important? Because glycogen is your muscles primary source of creating energy ATP. So if you don't take advantage of that window, you're more than likely going to be training in a depleted state. For the first four hours following your training, your body can synthesize 10 millimoles for kilogram of wet weight per hour and then it drops back anywhere from four to six. And I understand that's garbally good. Millimole is equal to 1,000th of a mole, which is a standard unit of chemistry representing a specific number of particles, 6.022 times 10 to the 23rd. We're dealing with things on an incredibly small scale. Just know that a well-trained fed athlete has around 150 millimoles per kilogram. As you train that depletes, once you hit 75 millimoles per kilogram, muscle function is impaired. Think about it this way. If you have an incredibly hard leg day and deplete yourself to the point that you can barely walk, obviously muscle function is impaired. You probably below that 75 millimoles per kilogram. Unless you take advantage of that window of increased glycogen synthesis, you're not going to replenish your glycogen stores by the following day. Now for most people, timing is less, timing is less critical than total carbohydrates consume because glycogen depletes locally. So unless you're one of those weirdos that trains full body five times a week, you're probably going to be fine. But there are those days where you train arms and then shoulders the next and your shoulder day is affected because your triceps have been depleted. So it just makes sense to take advantage of that window. Also, you're probably wondering what the hell does this have to do with intra-workout nutrition? It's because of this one sentence that's sufficient carbohydrate and gestion during exercise helps maintain liver glycogen stores and has been reported. Despair glycogen and type two fast twitch muscle cells are muscle fibers. If you want to say it like that, same thing. Even at rest, each muscle cell has roughly 1 billion ATP molecules that will be replaced every two minutes. As you train, that goes up 1,000 fold. So yeah, we can't expect glycogen to magically be replenished by ingesting a few carbohydrates as we train. It's a lengthy process. We can give our body the substrate it needs to help mitigate degradation. We can limit it. This should really open your eyes down. Important is to have a steady dose of carbohydrates during and after your workout. And because I know there's going to be some chilled watching, this lives in his mom's basement. While he finishes his coneciology degree and can't figure why she has so many male friends is going to say I've looked at the studies and they all average anywhere from 24 to 40% of glycogen depletion when you train. That's not enough to impair muscle function. We need to look onto the hood and explain how glycogen is actually stored. 75% is intermiofibular stored near the mitochondria. Another 5 to 15% is sub-circle lemmo, which is underneath the cell membrane. And the last 5 to 15% is intra-miofibular. And this may be the most important. Because intermiofibular glycogen is located directly within the muscle cells where they contractile proteins are, the mouse and an actin. And when those levels run low, it's been shown to impair calcium release, which is essential for muscle contraction. And this is important to note that these don't deplete uniformly. So while you might have a 24% overall glycogen depletion, you might have screwed all your intramiophibular glycogen. So yes, that can impair muscle function. And those are not your mom's friends. She's blowing them. Now that you understand the why we got to go over the what? Because there's a lot of different carbohydrates supplements out there. Everything from amylopectin to homo polysaccharide to fractionated amylopectin to highly branch sickle dextrin. Now the formulators of these individual supplements all had their hearts in the right place due to their high molecular weight and low asmilarity. But in choosing a carbohydrate source, we should have one guiding principle. And that is that high glycemic carbs replenish glycogen faster and more maximally than low glycemic carbs. So we should be looking for the fastest thing possible. So in that case, nothing's going to beat dextros. It is the nutritional equivalent to the glucose in your blood. It is a goddamn mere image of the molecular structure just flipped. Now some of these companies will say the benefit of our drink is it doesn't give you GI distress. And I will say that's a pretty good selling point because there's nothing worse than trying to squat and simultaneously flex your butt hole at the same time. You only have to mess up once to never be allowed in that gym again. But in reality, if you wanted to use dextros, because it's probably going to be the best better than all of those different supplements, but you're worried about GI issues, then just dilute it to less than a 6% solution. Meaning that for every 6 grams of dextros, you need 100 grams of water. So let's say you wanted 50 grams of then you're going to need 783 grams of water or roughly around 27 ounces. In terms of how much we should take in, your body has a pretty clear limit. The small intestine can only absorb 1 gram of glucose per minute or 60 grams per hour. But if we add in some fruit toast, we can add an additional 30 grams, so 90 grams total, because they have a completely different transporters. And this is critical because fruit toast predominantly restores liver glycogen. So when those stores are low, your muscles can go f*** themselves. To make your life easier, let me show you exactly what I do. I'm making inflated postwork out shake that contains the carbohydrates I'm going to have during my workout and after, and I split it up. I have a third of it during the workout and two thirds after. I get a full bottle of pd light, which is 25 grams of dextros and I add in three tablespoons of honey because honey is a natural mix of dextros and fruit toast, about 40% fruit toast. It's all in all, you get about 83 grams of carbohydrates, 54 from dextros and another 19 ish from fruit toast and the rest is soup cros which I'm fine with because that mixture together has been shown to increase carbohydrate oxidation. And remember, this isn't going to instantly replenish your glycogen stores. We're just trying to minimize how much you deplete them. So this is how much I would get in during my workout and this is how much I take in after and honey is delicious. The next obvious question is should we add some sort of branch chain amino acid or way protein? And I think this is a very important question to answer because in the last video where I talked about the significance of hitting that looseine threshold, people jumped to the conclusion that if they just added a bunch of BCA's to everything, poof, more muscle, poof, you're an idiot. Looseine is just the initiator without all the other amino acids to the train stops. So if I'm speaking to that kid who's getting his coneciology degree, Looseine is just one of your mom's male friends. Without all the other amino acids, all the other guys, she's not going to get that train she desperately desperately wants. I don't know if that makes sense, but that kid. Essentially what you've done is made it all the way to the point that the messenger RNA has read the DNA sequence and knows that the exact formula it needs to make the protein makes it to the ribosome in the cell starts to transcribe but doesn't have the amino acids to get the job done. And you've wasted your time. So when it comes to the building muscle, it's always better to have a complete source of protein than it is to have some BCA's or EAA. Now again, for me, I like to make sure the first meal of the day, the last meal and my post workout shake have the highest amount of protein. So for me, that's 66 grams. So I'll have 22 while I'm working out, 44 after. But again, I can't just add it to my carbohydrate drink because that changes the concentration. We want anywhere from a 6 to 8% solution. So we have to add more water to it and make it taste like shit. So again, the same math applies for every 6 grams. We add 100 grams of water which turns out to be 34 ounces, which makes it taste like but you won't shit your pants. So it's a fair trade. Now a lot of people will just drink chocolate milk, which, again, same idea, protein with carbohydrates increases the glycogen synthesis rate. Not bad, but not optimal. Why not just make it the best quality ingredients possible because milk is for babies. Now the last question you should be asking yourself is there anything we can add to this that would be beneficial and the obvious answer is, creating. In one study they have participants on a high carbohydrate diet, the pleater glycogen stores and then one group got creatine, the other group got jack shit. The group they got creatine had a muscle glycogen resynthesis that was 82% higher than the placebo group in the first 24 hours. Obviously after a few days they both cut up to each other but that's significant for those first 24 hours. So why not? Now in that study they had them supplement five grams of creatine every two hours following their workout. But I think it's safe to say that we can put 10 grams in there and then considering it's our intra and post workout and then if you wanted to follow that protocol perfectly it's on you to take the remaining 10 grams to the rest of the day. I can't follow you home and make sure you take your creatine and your flint stone vitamins. And there you have it. The perfect intra and post workout shake. Fucking honey, stuck. That's not bad. The honey saves it. With that being said if you don't know how to correctly calculate your macros you're never going to build muscle or decrease your body fat. That's why I filmed a video just for the app that shows you exactly how I do it because it's a little bit different and I think it's even more accurate. On top of the way I structure the individual macronutrients I think it's going to be incredibly helpful. Also the garage 2.0 will be added to it soon. I just wanted to add a shitload more exercise to make sure you can really hurt yourself. Fill link is below. Get after it.

=== FILE: Dumbbell Chest Exercises (Home Workout For MASSIVE PECS!) [3AWXKSlkPr4].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting chest. We're going all dumbbells. Now, I know what you're thinking. You didn't vote for that one. You probably voted for a video on the importance of a cheat meal, but unless you want me to line up a bunch of donuts and smash them with my fist because I'm pissed off because I don't get to eat them yet. It's not my cheat day. Let's wait. I'll do that video next. And then maybe I'll even show you how to properly snort a line of frosting. Let's get after it. Let me start up by answering a question. I'm beginning a lot lately, which is, can you actually put a muscle by using lighter weight? And the answer is absolutely. And I think a lot of people get lost in the weed trying to figure out the best possible rep means to get the most results. But in reality, I don't even think that's the right question to start with because that's more preference than it is progress. Because I can take somebody and do six reps on every single exercise and get results. Or you take somebody else, do a hundred reps and every exercise and get results. Because in terms of hypertrophy, all you're trying to do is push that muscle beyond what it wants to do or even is capable of doing to elicit a response. And if you're unsure of how hard you should push yourself, just air on the side of kicking your own ass too much. I'm going to assume before you got locked in your house, which is a couple sets of dumbbells. You've done a low cable flies before. Now, if you haven't, I question the decisions you made in your life up to this point. If you have the notes of phenomenal exercise, and we can mimic that by getting in a slight incline, using those dumbbells. But two things you got to make sure of, one, you got to pinch those shoulder blades together to make sure that the answer you're dealt doesn't just destroy the entire movement. And the other thing is, as you start to contract up, you're going to want to exaggerate the supination of that wrist and really try to turn that palm over as much as possible. And that'll hit and target that interchests even more. Music Let me take a second, I think Skillshare for sponsoring this video. Now before you say, why these blocks have this guy again, let me make some perfectly clear. With Skillshare, you can explore new skills, deepen a passion, get lost in creativity. And for me, those are all essential. I mean, how do you think I was able to recreate that epic scene from old school with Vince Bond on the rings? That was all Photoshop. Added in the smoke, lit the end of it, and I just use a candy cigarette. Shitty candy cigarette. Skillshare is an online learning community that offers you a membership with meaning. It empowers you to accomplish real growth. I suggest checking out advanced editing in Premiere Pro with Jordy. Could save you a headache one day. Music Like I've said before, Skillshare is incredibly affordable. The annual subscription costs less than 10 bucks a month. The first thousand my subscribers clicked the link in the description. We'll get two free months of a premium membership to explore that creativity. Yeah. So I don't know if you're a big fan of fly movements. I like how I think they're neat, but the one thing you find is on dumbbell flies, past a certain point. It's hard to contract that chest, keep constant tension because you start to lose the force of gravity to the point. If you go all the way up, you can relax that chest, hold those dumbbells there or no problem because it's not in your chest anymore. So what we're going to do is deconstruct the movement, but not like one of those shitty restaurants that completely f*** up a meal because they just take it apart and land on a plate. We're going to do something useful. We're going to start up by pre-existing and targeting the inner part of your chest with the cough and presses, but with this variation, we're just going to stay seated, our set back, lean back, and it's really about wrapping those elbows around your body and then driving them in at the top. We're just really trying to hit the inner part of your chest. And then we're going right into flies. But we're going to do partial reps at the bottom of the movement to keep that constant tension and then just burn it out from there. The 15-year-old was done by the 15-year-old man. So to get any legitimate pressing sets in with lighter weight is pretty tough, unless you pre-exasperce. So that's what we're going to do. And at that point you can press with 20-25 pounds and as long as you pre-exhausted yourself with pushups to true failure, you're gonna have a hard time hitting out those 25s. So we're gonna start with the real wide grip pushup, hands on the dumbbells, so why it's gonna feel like a fly, just make sure you arch that back, keep that chest the most dominant thing in the movement, don't let those front doubts eat it up. And then we'll go right into a reverse grip press because most people ask how do I get more development that outer and lower pack? This is what that's for, but you also find that you have more of a connection to your chest, just innately how the movement is. It's a less shoulder dominant. The chest is just gonna be naturally more arched and you're be squeezing in, so you can feel it all the way from the inner pack to the outer part of that chest, and then we're gonna lean back a little bit of an arch, so you can really hit that in more of a decline movement. So as always, like subscribing to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next, and get after you get grown, talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Dumbbell Exercises That YOU NEED To Try! [SijlzDYwrjA].txt ===

All right, today we're going over some dumbbell exercises that are just as good and for some people will be even better than the original because What can I say I got a sauce button my goods for people that are being forced to train at home so much so that I'm a sentence power blocks to somebody because I got a rack over there. I don't use them anymore and I'm sure somebody needs them more than I do and They're a little dusty. Maybe there's a sticker to missing, but they get the job done. So if you want these leave a comment. Tell a story, tell a joke. I don't know just pick somebody randomly. Oh, candy art start off with biceps and I don't know about you, but I love rope curls that little exaggeration the top when you start to pull it apart Slightly supinate that wrist really just lights them up for me and we could take advantage of those same things by sitting up perpendicular to a wall and Hold that dumbbell slightly out in front of you because if you just try to curl it naturally where it hangs the supination of the moment only happens because of the way to the dumbbell Not really because your biceps are doing anything so by holding out in front now your bicep has to work to curl the weight But it's also actively involved in the supination as well All right next up we got to find a way to mimic a tricep cable extension which I know is a tall task because it's a F***in phenomenal exercise, but if there's will there's got to be a weirdo and a garage gym that you paint at all black Even the door handles that's gonna figure it out and the best thing of it come up with which I actually like Especially as a burner is by flipping those demos on the side kneeling and mimicking either a rope extension or a skull crusher that same exact movement And you can even get a little bit of that pronation as well if you drive those demos all the way together You'll notice as you come up you're able to rotate that wrist a little bit and hit that lateral head All right next up we got to try to knock off the seated cable rope because if you're hitting back You're probably gonna end up here That's because it's a beautiful mix between being a cable exercise, so it's smooth. It's easy to set up But it also fits in the category of this is gonna kick my ass and I use this variation a lot because I don't actually have a seated cable row It looks like I do but when I bought this piece They got you in the wrong size cables and I just see here and think about how my life would have turned out different if I did I feel like you're gonna have flashbacks if every time you screw it up and got sent to the corner in elementary school because We're going back to the wall and the reason for that is because the true beauty of the seated row is it virtually takes your legs out of the equation Then I'll get to focus on is what part of my back to a more emphasis on and that's done by tilting your entire torso at the hips So if you want more low and mid back, you're gonna tilt more forward If you want more upper back and traps you're gonna tilt slightly back and the reason I'd argue this is a better movement is because it's easier to lock that lower back In position and create more of a dynamic movement which allow you to move more weight, but also get a complete contraction from that entire back So if you like this video let me know because there's a lot more exercises We can translate the dumbbells and make them even better and if you want those power blocks You want to see how much FedEx is gonna charge me any ship those across the world comment below as well And if you haven't seen these two videos, you're gonna want to watch these next most importantly subscribe Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing talk to you soon

=== FILE: Dumbbell Leg Workout For MAX GROWTH! [cdUF0CBD8HY].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting legs and we're going dumbbells only because a lot of people there's still eggs out from their happy place. And let me say, not the worst thing in the world. I look at it more as a challenge because if you can make progress with just a couple of dumbbells in your backyard for the rest of your life, you're fucking golden. So if you're ready, let's go kick our arm. When it comes to lunging in place, I've never been a big fan of the quad dominant variation where you're stepping out driving back off that quad. Give me this E-R-E-Cuzan summer's workout VHS vibe. On top of that, you're almost negating the negative altogether. You lose tension and it's such an explosive movement. You have to use more weight than you probably have at home. But the hamstring and gluten-centric version of reverse lunges is phenomenal because if you're conscious with your form, you can enhance it even more. So if you want to target more glute, I'm going to do a shift a little bit more weight into that hip and as you step back, lean into that quad and stretch that glute even more put more tension on it. And then when you want to target that hamstring even more, don't just stand straight up. What I want you to do is as you drive up lean back and try to flex that entire posterior chain from the glute down to your calf and don't lock that knee out. Keep a little bend to it that's going to flex that hamstring even harder. And one of the coolest things about these, which isn't true with the quad dominant variation, is the better you get it developing that mind muscle connection, the less weight you're going to be able to use. So after I made that video about getting back on the calf lean train, I had a ton of supplement companies reach out and say, hey, what should try to pre-work out? So I did with any ethical adult would do try to get as much free to this possible. And one particular company stood up because I've seen them before and not just in the fitness industry, I've seen them sponsor people and other niches as well. Like the UFC, I think they even have one of the top occupant of singers in the world Greg something. One of the cool things is when the owner reached out, I just told him, hey, just so you know everything there's got to be vegan friendly. So we went back to the manufacturing side, checked everything out, make sure all the ingredients were, which is important because ironically the name of the flavor is Tigers Blood. When it first got it, I saw there's a tiger, a watermelon, a strawberry, and a coconut. I thought for sure, it's going to be hot garbage. Turns out it's pretty phenomenal. You don't believe me? This is how you know that people take their shit. And they didn't just dump it out either because everybody who takes supplements knows that usually too lazy to actually go in there and get that salt thing out because your hands are too fat. So you just scoop around it. So I reached back out to him and I said, hey, I like it. Before we get serious, go on a second, third date, give me a coupon code, I'll let all people that follow this channel try it. And if they like it, we're good to go because whether you know or not, we're in this together. So I go to do this, hit the link in the description to use the coupon code Ryan, when you check out, but be careful. This shit is incredibly strong. Do not hurt yourself. If you die, it's not on me. So you know the movement I don't like for quads, but the two I love are static lunges and walking lunges. So why not superset them and really ruin your life? Now because we want to make these movements even more quad intensive, we're going to make a little tweaks to the form. So with the static lunges, you're going to shift that near over the toe. So there's already a stretch in that quad, come in three quarters of the way up and then keep that constant tension the entire time. And then with the lunges themselves, because we're using dumbbells, one you don't want to swing, but also you don't want people laugh at you. Pick those dumbbells up, hold them under shoulders and lunge that way. And always air on the side of the short ridiculously choppy, awful looking lunges, where it's more like a walking crawl than anything. But it keeps constant tension, it burns, and you'll be lucky if you get 20 steps. Now this is a great movement for anybody who has that degenerate disease known clinically is old manics. And the cool part about it is it's simple, but it's highly effective. And it really tests whether or not you can shift those hips and engage those glutes. And the way you're going to do these by holding that dumbbell opposite your working leg, kick that off leg completely straight, and then shift that weight into your hips. And then as you go down, it's going to feel like you're sitting up for a pistol squat, but you're not going to go straight down. And you're actually going to use those glutes and drive back into them. And then use that off leg to touch that's your bottom and then drive up into that hip. All right, let's finish up with an awful version of split squats. And the thing I want you to walk away from this with, I don't know the fact that you hate me from making a do these, is that all I want you to do is, flex your sizes only need to be slightly modified to be enhanced. And I think it's a mistake that a lot of new people make to the gym is they think that there's a right way to do an exercise. When in reality, the best bet is just trying off weird debt until you connect with something even more. And that's the new right way for you. So the way this movement is typically modified is where that foot is in relation to the bench. So the closer there is more quad further away, more hamstring glute, but it's still a straight up and down movement. What I want you to do today is get that entire leg involved. So put that foot in neutral position. And then start at the bottom by leaning forward, stretching that glute, and then engaging, and starting the lift from there. So as you start to flex up, you're going to squeeze that hamstring and then finish it off in the quab, I really leaning back and driving up. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Give a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Dumbbell Shoulder Workout For HUGE DELTS (DON'T SKIP!) [StXC3ImzL9M].txt ===

Alright, today we're hitting shoulders, which is a little unfortunate because some of the other channels just put out a dumbbell shoulder workout, but good news is this is completely different. What going through different exercises and on top of that, it's not going to be a 10 minute video if I try to talk that long in camera. I just hyperventilating pass out. I'm also going to test out doing a Q and a half way through the video because I was loving Casey nice that there's Q and a's and his male time. Although, probably never do male time because we've had a few people DMU drawings they made of you, which wouldn't be that weird, but most of them are like half me half man bear pig, it gets kind of weird. We're starting off with a different take on Arnold presses because I get bored. Also found that myself and other people have trained 10 respond better to having a different stimulus during that every time they hit the gym than mastering a movement pattern and just upping the weight. So imagine for a second, you're doing a very robotic and controlled Arnold press. You got that dumbbell in front of you. You open out to the side and then you press it out. Now we're doing that same exact thing, but instead of pressing when you're out to the side, you're press when that dumbbells in front of you. And the reason for that is because we're actually doing these on the slight incline because every time I train delts, I want to start off with the exercise, you're going to blow up my entire delt. Everything from the anterior head back to that poster ahead. And these definitely do that because when you're leaning forward and doing a press for that supinated grip, you're going to light up the anterior head as you open it around, you're going to see that lateral head and then finish it off in that posterior delt. No matter what you do after this, you can pretty much guarantee it's going to be a rough workout. So I don't know about you, but I always have an incredible connection to any sort of exercise like the one we just did. It makes my shoulder pull my elbow around my body. But instead of doing something like a W fly because you only need weight for that, you can grab a couple of your kids legos and do those. They're so damn hard, which makes it a good thing to do when you have no equipment, but most people are so bound up and inflexible that it's not even an option. So what we can do is take those rotations from the Arnold presses, set up on a slight incline and to ensure it's predominantly a rear-doubt movement, we can think about us having two parts. First, the initial rotation and then making those rear-dults work even harder and enhancing the contraction by pulling slightly back. A little side note to get the most out of this movement, make sure actually holding those elbows out in front of you. If you try to keep those elbows tucked in, those shoulders will collapse as you come up and it's not going to feel good. So drive those elbows forward, that way you can open up that shoulder completely as you rotate around. Alright, Q&A time. Alright, question number one, ideal bulking diet ideas. As I've gotten over my stance has changed on this, no longer go through five, six, seven months, however long the plan is, bulking of looking awful, feeling awful and not enjoying the process, to only put on slightly more muscle. I think you're better off staying relatively lean, only slightly increasing your calories, optimizing your pre-imposed workout, nutrition, cranking up the intensity of your workout, but not becoming a big fat mass. Although it is funny to see what the average person thinks is muscle because when I was at my fetus, people come up and be like, you're jacked. There was not a vein on my body, so you can get away with it because people are dense. Is it okay to train if you're sore? I'm going to say yes because I do it all the time. Sometimes I'll actually train in the morning and then decide, okay, I'm going to film that. So then I'll come over here to the exact same workout, just hit it basically twice in a day, which sucks on leg day. Do you ever incorporate heavy sets? One to five reps. Yeah, when I messed up and choose the wrong way. When's the merge coming out? What I'll probably do is set up a Shopify store, throw three shirts in there and make it live for like five days. Just to see how many people buy, how much of a pain it is, if people like it, I'll do a new drop every month or whatever it is. I just didn't get it in this itself, shirts. If that was my thing, I'd be at them all already, push in my shirts and some sort of magical salt from the Dead Sea on a stop on resistance bands. I mean, everything we use in the gym on the machines you have access to is just different ways to make you flex that muscle against resistance. It's a resistance band. It's not very much fun. So you're going to have to walk up that increase the tension. Just get that muscle to fail. You're going to get results. Is there any benefit to doing a hundred crunches every day? Absolutely. Every time I've had to come back from an injury, I always go way overboard and hit that smaller muscle as much as you can possibly. I'll hit it every day if I have to and it catches up quick. Diet diet diet. What to eat when a mouthful building muscle and keeping fat off is very well put. That's an impossible question to answer in a broad way that applies to everybody, but even if there's somebody specifically here, you still want to use trial and error and test and see what they respond to best. What I'll probably do is when the app comes out, I'll make some general diet videos at my commentary and experience with each and then whatever style you want to choose and start off with and test your body with. I'll give you some guidelines to follow to ensure that you're going to get results with no matter which one you use, but it just comes back to preference and what you respond to better. Also, someone asked if it's going to be free. No, it's nine bucks. If you get a forward nine bucks for jokes, exact training sets, reps, all the videos I'm going to do all the motivational motivational being an asshole on camera and telling you to get off your ass, then I don't know what to tell you. Don't be a free seven day trial. How's that? How much time should be spent on the gym floor? I mean, if it's a smaller body part like arms, that's 30 minutes. Legs 45 hour, but you can get pretty much everything done if you're training solo under an hour unless you're just screwing off and flirting with everybody and that concludes our Q&A. So I've talked extensively about using partial reps for that lateral head, but I don't know if ever we're going to detail about how I using hit the anti or dealt because I think most season lifters, they just don't press. That's probably because earlier in the lifting career, they pressed heavy ass weight until one day they just hurt themselves and they're like, get some done with that and they're scared to ever press again, but if you use partial reps, you can create a better connection that answered out, but also pre exhausted. So you're not to use quiet as heavy weight and I always like to do my presses when I'm slightly lean back with my chest up because I'm okay with getting a little upper chest involved. I just don't think this is very effective and safe way to press. I remember as a kid using this old school machine, which usually I'm a fan of, I usually think they're better, but this one was built wrong. It made you lean forward and press behind your head. After one set, I walked to the front desk and said, I need to add order sign. You're like, what's wrong with the machine? It hurt me. So what you're going to do is start out with 20 reps at the top of the moment. These are really short contracts and we're just flexing that anterior dealt, then you're going right into flows. Once you fail with full reps, you're not done yet. You're going to do partial reps at the bottom moment, but I want you to balance these up and down. Once you actually contract that anterior dealt, just get a little bit of movement flexing them back down. You should be able to get another 20 there and then you should be spent. In the last but not least, because I've been doing these a lot recently, I'm going to finish off with a ladder raise that is more of a pull in less of a raise. And I'm going to go fairly lightly on these because I want to hold a static contraction at the top for two seconds, but if you want to throw some weight around, just make sure you have a great connection to it first and then grip and rip it. If you liked this video, you're going to want to watch these two next, but most importantly, make you subscribe and even more important. Hit that notification bell otherwise it does nothing and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Dumbbell Triceps Workout (Let There Be GROWTH!!) [Epas5ceAaxA].txt ===

Alright, today we're here in Tricep's and we're over some different stuff. Now, if you see people comment and say I'm trying to reinvent the wheel, but that's not the case. This is actually how I train. When I walk in the gym, I'm constantly tweaking my own form, trying to find a better connection. Now, does that give me a trouble sometimes? Absolutely. Did you see the last video that front-delivered exercise? Look, I was trying to f**k off a giant elephant, but that's the risk you take. Let's get after it. If I had a guess, the one thing that most people are going to miss when they're stuck at home, trying to do a dumbbells only, Tricep workout, other than their freedom, is probably the same thing I would miss. And not having access to cables, being able to hit robes, being able to hit that lateral head easily, and not even think about it, just hammer it out and be done with it. And the good news is if you're willing to do the dollar general version of rope extensions, it's just as good. So the way you're going to do this is by laying on the side of the bench, start with that palm and a supinated position, the elbow stays in the fixed position, and then you're just rotating your wrist on the way up. Now, key here is getting the elbow almost parallel to the floor. So if you can't your shoulder stuck, just use the angle of your body. That's where we're laying on the side of the bench. To tilt back more and rely less on those shitty shoulders. This is what happens when you travel to air for an hour and Arizona. Single arm overhead extensions are one of those exercises, the way in no matter how good your intentions are, how tight your form is when you start. No matter what, your form is going to break down to a point where it's unrecognizable. Where somebody would look at you and think, is that a shoulder press? Is he drunk and lost? Who knows? So knowing that when you use a bench or a wall if you're stuck at home and work against that, because we're not going to lock it all the way out with the hell is that. That's in your shoulder or that's nothing. So knowing that we're going to have a shorter range of motion towards the bottom movement, when it work against the bench, because then we have the added benefit of actually flexing against something. So like a seated hamstring curl where you're flexing those hamstrings and sitting on them, same idea here. We're pushing that tricep against the bench and then flexing it up. Now, you'll be hyperware of that tricep and it'll make a harder contraction and it's just going to suck more. For the most part, I loath most variations of dumbbell kickbacks, because even today Casey Neistat made a video where he pulled off the side of the road and did what appeared to be a dance. He wasn't trying to tricep, so he was just kind of bobbing there, I think it's a good way to live your life. If you want to pull over once a while and dance on the side of the road, that's a good choice to make. But for triceps, I don't like most of them because most of it's a two-dimensional dynamic. I think there's a place for dynamic movements in your training. Especially reverse hypers. We hop on there, move a mass amount of weight and you really get that back into rhythm and it's a great exercise. But for triceps, there's a better way. So my favorite way to do these is a reverse grip, but that's not what makes you the good exercise. What makes it so good for me is I'm going to slow this down to a crawl and this is one of those rare exceptions where I'm going to lock it all the way out. Hold that and let it scream as long as I can at the top of the contraction and then release it and then go back into it. Now I'll also get my back involved because for me, getting a little bit of lean as I come up just enhances the contraction and that much more. All right, last but not least, we're going to reverse grip push-ups and this one's going to blown up because the thing that makes all the difference on these is as you start to contract up your lean back, put the owner on the triceps to hold your body weight and if this is not the hardest, most painful thing you've done on a wild for triceps, I'll be shocked. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you're growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Eating Meat For 30 Days... [Do3UCicEnmg].txt ===

Not a gimmick, it's just probably not why you think. There's a lot of negative sides to being on a vegan diet, like eventually you're going to run into a nutrient deficiency. Probably the reason why I have three hairs left on my head. But that alone isn't enough to add meat back into my diet because I've shaped my head before and we all know that testicle looks glorious. It also has nothing to do with building muscle because I did all right. Not horrible. And before we get any comments, welcome back to Team Carnivore. No, I don't want to be on your dumb team. And no, I don't want to come to your house and grill and hang out in your mom's basement. I think what really opened my eyes was when I bought this little bastard. I knew that this thing in the research I was doing in conjunction with it had the potential to make me realize that maybe I have no idea what the hell I'm talking about. It wasn't that bad, but I have completely changed the way I trained because of it and got me thinking what else am I doing wrong? Because originally I didn't go vegan because I thought it was a healthier way to eat. I did it because it kind of matched up with my personality, my love animals. A good example is I have 13 fucking rescue dogs. Come on big Chuck. Don't eat that. This is Chuck. He was shot by the police. That's why he's missing arm. This breath smells like garbage. What else? Good job today, bud. And don't get me wrong. There are some benefits to being on a vegan diet. If you have any cholesterol issues, they almost instantly disappear. And you can definitely build muscle while you're doing it. You just have to supplement some sort of plant-based protein. But the more research you do, the less you trust anyone. And I'm not even talking about the digestibility school or plant-based proteins being lower than animal-based. So you have to eat more animal-based, so you have to eat more animal-based calories. You end up getting chubby or that's okay. There's chubby chasing women out there. You're going to find one. It was when I found this hunkish yet, which is a case study done in Spain. So the entire thing is in Spain. She have to go with translated. It sucks all the baby dicks. They looked at 52 different manufacturers of protein. And found that yeah, the amount of protein you said you put in is true. And the amount of amino acids is also perfectly stated. But that's not the whole story. In every single one, a percentage of lysine, which is an essential amino acid that you need to build muscle, was blocked. Means it's not bio-available. You can't absorb it. Some companies are around 10% somewhere as high as 30%. It's a big fucking deal. Now, can we trust the Spaniards? I don't know. But I've never thought of that before. I just assumed that if they've done all the work to actually see the amount of amino acids in there, that's as far as they go. And even though that was a thing until recently. The point being is the only way to have a healthy vegan diet is to supplement some sort of protein-shake. You just can't do it with whole food alone. You end up getting too many calories, so then there's a problem there with obesity and death. Or you just don't have enough, and that's a whole issue we want to avoid. And now I've lost all trust with protein manufacturers, so what the hell? Let's see, a month and a day, 10 of what I gave myself to be a trial of 30 days, but I already feel great. It's going to continue. And you can really see why those digestibility scores while they are flawed to the ninth degree. Kind of taste them truth. I mean, go eat a pound of broccoli and a pound of steak and see which one tries to kill you first. The reason I'm making this video is because I think it opens the door to other videos that people have asked for like, show me a full day of eating. I'm not very exciting video if I drink six shakes a day. Who cares? Make sure you subscribe because for the next video I'm going to strap on that EMG machine and we're going to figure out which shoulder exercises are actually the best. Programs are linked below, and if I disappointed you in any way, I don't give a shit.

=== FILE: Everything You NEED To Know About Protein & Building Muscle! [NeouBUxC1o0].txt ===

All right, today we're going over everything you need to know when it comes to protein and building muscle. Let's get after it. Good. Better, closer, perfect. Now I've given general recommendations in the past, like make sure you're making protein de-priority when you're playing out your macros, but if you're anything like me, you're never satisfied. You're always trying to push that upper limit. So you're trying to figure out your protein intake, you're immediately faced with a shitload of questions. Like, what's the maximum amount of protein I can utilize per meal? Once I figured out that limit is the way to biohack my body to push it even higher with the use of something like digestive enzymes or this is very from protein source to protein source. Obviously the source of protein matters, so does the subsequent amino acid profile, but is the way to stack the deck on our favor that way we can put on even more muscle, say, supplementing with losing. Fuck, I know. So we're going to go a little journey to figure out the exact answer to all these questions. First, I see what everybody else is saying, that way we can make sure we're adding to the conversation. Then we'll check out the research to see if that guides us. And then finally, lean into my personal favorite, trial and error to see if it actually bears out in the real world. So let's first start up by seeing what these other assholes are saying. What are you thinking is going to take out the shirt and flex for a protein video? It's a real low cut life feeder. So I think a little Jeff was on to something when he talked about using lean body mass, as opposed to just regular body mass to calculate the grams per pound you should take in per day. Problem is you were lying on people who know exactly how fat they really are. My experience, no clue. In my experience, you have somebody with a dad about they're going to say, I'm about 12% not as lean as I like to be. And if you have somebody who's one happy meal away from being on my 600 pound life, they're going to say, you know, it's really gotten away from me. I'm probably about 20%. So as much as I like the idea, I still think it's going to be wildly inaccurate if you're lying on people not to lie to themselves. So they don't feel so bad about the size of their muffin top. And the Andrew guy that was on Joe Rogan's podcast, but up a study that shows people might have an easier time adjusting protein the morning versus the evening, but that just becomes another question to add to our long list of fucking questions. So let's get to the research. Yeah, this is boring. Be so easy to live in these studies. Up, if I was one of these scientists, I would do everything exactly the same, but I'd feed one guy a shit sandwich for every single meal and record the findings. So if you've done any research yourself, you probably found the same thing I did. Most of studies, not the most helpful. I have to time to contradicting your previous study. Another time they're just throwing up their hands like we have no idea. Other times they use elderly women. Really? But I gather enough of it. So we can definitely gain some insight. Hopefully. As much as I love digging through the weeds all day, I realized that was just feeding my own confirmation bias. But let me share that with you anyways. To the person that says you can only absorb 20, 25 grams per meal and there's no reason to eat more than that. I mean, if you want to keep that belief and keep swimming in that smeating, I'm sure to viewers by all means go for it. But if you're open to admitting your an asshole, you might want to check out this study that shows that age, body mass as well as other things matter. And it could be upwards of 0.275 grams per pound of body mass per meal, which means a 200 pound man, beginning in 53 54 grams of protein in a single meal. No fucking way. This study shows BCA's do nothing. But I'm still going to hold that hope. Like the high school version myself holding out hope for the girl I was best friends with. The subtly realized she doesn't want to be just best friends. She actually loves me and wants to plow. This one talks about the antibiotic window and guess what? It's a thing. And there's really nothing special here and nothing you haven't heard before. Take 20 to 40 grams pre and postwork out. But what it does says if you're going to air on one side, air on the side of taking too much, because there's a little to no detriment in doing that. So to me, that's an open invitation to taking way too much. Thank you. Here's the thing. As much as I wanted to end today's video, given a bunch of ironclad numbers, that everybody can follow and easily get results, it's just not that simple. The truth is no one's coming for you. So if you're serious about making a transformation, then you're going to take ownership and start treating your body like a damn science experiment and seeing what actually works for you. But I can't give you some fundamental things to follow. First, make sure always using the principle of highest and best. Get the highest and best quality protein you possibly can with every single meal. If you're in a deficit, make sure the majority of your calories are coming from protein. So put a little more thought in your pre and postwork out nutrition. Me personally, if there's carbs on my diet, that's where they're going. And finally, sometimes people are supplements like BCA's, not because we know they work, because they probably don't, it's just a good healthy habit that we don't want to give up, because we could be doing math. And if you haven't checked out the full or garage gym program, I'll leave those link below again. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. Also, if you need help with your diet, here's a video that goes over how to get your macros set up. And most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. That's it for now.

=== FILE: Exercises ALL MEN Should Be Doing For MUSCLE GROWTH (THESE WORK!) [4CbDhMj6Jmk].txt ===

All right, today we're going to exercise this that every man should be doing. And even if you're doing some of these, you could be doing them wrong and limiting how much you grow from them. So let's fix your form, unf*** your life and get growing. So if you're somebody who avoids leg extensions because you're told it's a dangerous exercise, then more than likely, he also can't figure out why you keep getting beat at Tic Tac toe, even though you take the center every time. Oh, why for some reason, your wife's breath, smells like it has a hint of dick on it. What I'm trying to say in a nice way is that you're easily duped because this is a phenomenal exercise. Just take a step back and think about it this way. This piece is one of the most prevalent machines there is. Good luck walking into a gym anywhere and not seeing a leg extension. Even shitty apartment gems. They have a couple plastic dumbbells and old treadmill that's built, skips when you walk on it and a dilapidated exercise ball. Still, you usually have a leg extension. And from a live belly standpoint, if knees were actually blown up left and right, that wouldn't be the case. But when people talk about these, you can't even glance at them. If you do, you can spend the rest of your life in those leg braces before a scum. What I think happened is a few people ruined it for everybody. You know who you are. You went way too heavy to the point your butt got lifted off the pan the only way to contract that way up, but you had to grab those handles and yank yourself down and you continue this abusive relationship until your knees just said, I'm out. So what I want you to do instead, that's not going to keep you safer but lead to better results is staying those higher rep ranges. Minimum 20 reps, I like to do 30 if you want to get crazy, do 50. But even more important than that instead of holding the handles, I want you to hold on to just your legs because you'd be surprised that it's tension you lose by gripping those handles and throwing that weight up. It also ensures that you have to use a weight that's light enough that your own body weight can keep your butt down and you're not like everybody else who just grips those handles and hyper extens those knees because we don't want that either. Want a nice slow controlled contraction and if it's too light and you feel like you're going to get more reps than you want, just slow it down. It'll get hard. So if you're somebody who avoids a Smith machine because that fixed path makes it more dangerous or you think you get more activation out of free weights, then more than likely when you're a baby your dad was tasked to watch you while your mom did something and then he proceeded to continue her football and he fumbled your ass. He quickly recovered you and blamed your deafening cries on a rogue B but the fact remains you were never the same to this day or death still drinks because not only is it safe, we can also exploit the fact that that path is fixed and do exercises that you really can't do in other machines and get a horribly painful connection. Like for shoulders we can do a unilateral press where since all we have to focus on is the up and down motion, we can work against it and really lean back during the negative and make that contraction harder by leaning forward or like wide grip upright rows which are great to do with dumbbells or a barbell but after a while you start to drop those elbows as risk it wonky and turn to do a steaming pile of shit with the Smith you have a very clear reference if you're doing it right or wrong just by looking over your arm and if it's in line with the Smith you're good to go and if you don't have the shoulder flexibility to do it you can work with the Smith just lean slightly forward but that shoulder in more comfortable position and then all you have to do is focus on driving that contraction into that lateral head and when it comes to back doing a pause or penalty a row on these will appeal to both the novice and advanced leftier because for the newer leftier who can't get barbell rows just right they end up better their knees too much and they lose their back at some point they can narrow their focus on these get their form right and then go to traditional rows for the advanced leftier they can slow this movement down to a crawl exaggerate the contraction and make this one of the most brutal back exercises there is I'm going to assume you want a good chest exercise as well that's the case we're gonna need this thing because if you thought it was for safety it's not it's for fuckery which allows us to do one of my favorite pressing moments which is a Smith press with a complete pause because normally when you train by yourself even if you're doing a Smith you get close to failure but it gets a little tight then you go shit and you rack it with these you're supposed to fail you're gonna bring it all the way down rest a second take a couple deep breaths force out another rep can't do it just take a little bit longer rest and try to force out you might get two or three more reps than you normally would and it's less like that so I made videos on the past going over dumbbell flies and kickbacks which I think are phenomenal exercises but instead of rehashing those I'll link them above and go over a mistake that most people make with every single exercise and it has to do with what you deem a successful workout because my wife and I go to a gym by our house and there's a guy there that we hate both of us hate him he knows we hate him because we try to burn them with our eyes every time we see him and it's simply because when he gets done with his set he slams his weight but I have to respect the fact that he pushes himself to failure every single time he still looks awful because you can tell he has a horrible diet but he has my respect even though I hope every time he leaves the gym he trips false dumbbells and gets hit by a bus at least he's doing that so am I saying that all your working set should be done to complete failure yeah to me it never made sense to leave anything in the tank we're trying to cause damage so when I say I'm going to get 20 reps it means I'm going to get 14 reps force out three more awkward ones and then a couple more that will disappoint your entire family at the end of the day if you're not getting results simply kick your ass a little bit harder if you need help I'll leave a link to 30 day program in the description but most importantly subscribe flick that notification bell and get after to get growing talk to you soon

=== FILE: Fat Loss, Buttholes & Mrs Butterworth’s [6-PIGJ5F290].txt ===

Today we're going over why you're still fat most people underestimate how hard it is to outwork There's diet for instance. We've all had one of these delicious Costco muffins. This beautifully baked hyperglacimic coma is roughly 900 calories Do you have any clue how hard it is to burn 900 calories if you try to do it using an assault bike you'd have to go For 15 minutes straight It makes you realize that you should have done the adult thing when somebody offered you that muffin and And if you think you're gonna be able to walk at a slow and steady pace to burn those extra calories you eat You're dead wrong. Let's see how many calories I burn when I take a stroll to my favorite restaurant Little bit of good news. I burned about 310 calories walking here So I was able to eat 31 peanuts before cinnamon left a shit streak on my shirt There's really only two reasons that you haven't seen your dick in years reason number one You've been given some horrible advice Like this article it says the number one reason you're not losing weight is because you're focusing on the scale You need to start looking at the scale is not only a tool you used to track your daily progress But also something that gives you insight into what's happening to your body throughout the day getting your weight First thing in the morning and right before you go to bed We'll give you a clear indication whether or not you have an intolerance to certain foods as well as shed some light on how much fluid Retaining which could be a sign that your caffeine sodium or even water intake is off and that's just one example I found so be careful what you believe the internet's full of fuckery reason number two is simple recently You suck. Do you used to be incredible at staying clean and a really strict diet But you've let those little minuscule calories creep into your daily life. It started out innocent enough Little almond milk with your coffee half a tablespoon of peanut butter with your afternoon shake But before you know it your toss in your wife's salad with a half a bottle of Mrs. Butter's worth and those calories at You see when you're trying to decrease body fat. There's a very clear line that you can't cross your maintenance calories Here's how crazy it is. It's simple math. If you're one calorie below for the rest of your life You'll slowly continue to decrease body fat If you're one calorie above for the rest of your life, then you'll slowly but surely Become a fat mess So if it's just a math problem then start counting macros, right? I Wish it was that simple if we've learned anything from your wife's but whole You can't be trusted to get back on the right track You need to write it a diet that not only has the macro percentages that you need to lose fat, but also the exact food You're gonna eat every single meal and don't stray from it. So that way you have a very clear picture whether or not you're doing everything right or Scoring up your life and then when someone politely offers you a muffin I Watch this video next if you need more muscle programs or link below and get after a good growing doctor soon

=== FILE: Fix Shoulder Pain FOREVER! [Y7hD07u6-zg].txt ===

I guarantee that shoulder pain you feel is actually fixable. And if you do everything about to tell you in this video, we'll have you back to training like a bull in no time. And before you say that's complete bull, because you remember exactly how it happened. You were sitting on your hand trying to get it numb, so you could perform the stranger on yourself. And you must have sat on a little too long because you got one tug in and you heard a popping your shoulder. There's no way to fix that. Here's the thing. You're wrong. To be able to fix your shoulder problem, you need to first fully understand how your shoulder joint works, that way you can identify every potential thing that could go wrong, and rule them out one by one. Because your glental humoral joint is phenomenal. And probably what your mom meant when she said you're special, because you're not, but that joint is. It allows for abduction, adduction, flexion, extension, and internal and external rotation. But there's so many things to have to work in conjunction for that to happen. The glenoid faucet, the socket of your shoulder joint, that's located on the lateral side of your scapula, cuffs the balls of your humoral heads. It's your first form of stability for your shoulder, and it's 100% unique to you. Some people have a deep and cavernous groove for that ball to sit in, while others have a shallower faucet that only slightly cuffs the balls. Which is fine, as long as the form muscles that make up your rotator cuff, do their job, because their tendons actually help form a capsule around the joint, and it keeps that humoral head within millimeters of the center of the socket of your scapula at all times. No matter what dumb shit you do with your arm, it cradles that ball just right. This is actually a horrible example, because the tenons, like I said, fuse into a capsule around the joint, so the Ethiopian kid that made this did a shit job. But who'd have my to complain? At his age, I was struggling with macaroni art. In my defense, it wasn't my fault. They only gave me enough glue to eat, not to make a fucking Picasso. Here's a great way to visualize everything that's going on with your shoulder. Think of this stripper pole as your humorous. The floor is acting as your scapula socket. Adam here is going to be playing the role of your rotator cuff muscles. And this ass represents your deltoid muscles. If those rotator cuff muscles do their job, then your deltoids can move a significant amount of weight. Prometh is. Prometh is, I guarantee you don't train them enough, or correctly, and that upward force you generate from doing something like a side lateral is going to overpower those rotator cuff muscles. As you can see, if they don't provide an adequate level of stability, they're definitely going to get impenetraised or tear or an Adam's case. Get pink eye. I need you to drink this. The whole thing? Yeah, you've got two hours. Now, the understand the inner workings of your shoulder, let's run through some test to figure out exactly what's injured and more importantly, how I got injured in the first place, because an MRI will tell you and pinpoint the exact muscle that has a tear or tendonitis or who cares, because if you don't know how it happened, it's only a matter of time before you screw yourself up again. That's probably what they meant by stranger danger. Let's start out with the two biggest culprits of causing misalignment and impingement. You're chest and lats. A common mistake I see a lot of people make, and I did when I was young, is having the idea that if I train my pull muscles, as much as I train my push muscles, everything will equal out and I'll have perfect shoulder alignment. The problem with that is when the primary function of your pack is to immediately rotate your shoulder. So if your chest is overly tight, those pecks are constantly in a short and position, then obviously that shoulder is going to be out of alignment. Because those little baby bits rotator cuff muscles don't stay in a chance against your tits. How are we doing over there? Parade out with the fact, and when someone's training their pull muscles, they're usually just hitting their lats, maybe a little upper trap, and that makes things worse, because that lats actually twist and attaches on the anterior side of your humerus, right below your pectoral smager, and it's responsible for pulling that arm back, and further tipping that shoulder forward. So on top of the fact that you're neglecting the muscles that are actually responsible for pulling those shoulders back, their lats are in a constantly short and position. How do you know? Because anytime your arms are by your side, they're fucking shortened. So unless you walk around with your arms in there, like a crazy asshole, they never get lengthened. Hence why most high level bodybuilders look like a long-loss, fucked up ninja turtle, because they have such overly developed lats, and chests that it actually shifts those shoulders forward. Those two muscle groups alone have now made it impossible for those low traps, those rhomboids, rear delts, and all of those rotator cuff muscles to do their job, and pull those shoulders back. To test to see if it's your chest causing misalignment, I want you to land your back, make sure hips are in a posterior, tell it's your lower back, stays in contact with the floor, the entire time. First by testing if there's tightness in the fibers that originate in the lower part of your sternum, and your abdominals. By reaching both your arms back at 130 degree angle, if your hands can't touch the floor, that's one of your problems. Next, we're going to interlock those fingers behind your head and let your arms relax. If those elbows don't get close to the floor, or if you notice that shoulder protruding up, then your pectoral smager is the source of your shoulder problems. And if you've felt any of those other tests, it's safe to assume that your pectoral is minor is also a problem. But if you really want to see it line your back, put your phone above you, and if you notice those shoulders are drifting towards your midline, then put this on your list of shit to fix. Fucking dick. Because tightness here will definitely cause a problem. Due to the fact that it attaches to your scapula, as it shurns, it pulls that scapula down, causing that bone above your humoral head, the scratcher rotator cuff, like a fucking Sony walkman. And don't be surprised if you find that one side's worse than the other. So how do you fix it? Well, you got some painful options to choose from. I would start out with some band work. Like I showed in a previous mobility video where you set it up about eye level, wrap it around your shoulder, hand goes behind your back, and you work against it and pin it up to shit out of it. But I'd also smash your tits on some balls, mimicking at the same test we did for pectoralis major tightness, but now we're doing it face down and opening up on top of the ball. And when you find a knot or a bundle of misaligned fibers, stay there for a while. Start at the outermost part of your pet closest to your shoulder and work your way towards your sternum. But obviously don't roll right on top of your sternum. That's the way any MT would check to see if a hookers debt are not. I would also start to incorporate deep stretches at the end of your chest workout. One of my favorite ways is a machine fly, because you can get a nice deep stretch, focus on one side at a time, hold it for 30 to 60 seconds, and then match it on the other side. Where we at? To test for tightness in those latch, you're going to squat against the wall, put those hips in a posterior pelvic tilt so that lower backs perfectly flat. And with those arms fully locked up, you're going to reach up and try to put those hands against the wall. If you can't, like me, those lats are fucking tight. Here's some of the things that have helped me make progress, because believe it or not, it used to be a lot worse. The first one is the simplest to set up and probably my favorite. Now I use a dip attachment because it gives me a little bit more leverage, but you can use any bar because all you're going to do is smash your lat. All the way up into your arm pit. Once you find a knot, you move that arm around to work against it. Next I would grab a band, make sure your shoulder stays depressed the entire time, and then lean into it to stretch your trice up and most importantly, you're lat. Lastly, I'd end your back day incorporating some sort of a hang. Doesn't matter. Why do clothes reverse? Whatever you feel the stretch the most, is the one you should do. Now all of that's going to loosen up those prime movers that are causing that internal tilt of your shoulders, but you still need to take time and strengthen the muscles that are involved in pulling those shoulders back and down. So you need to make sure you're taking time during the week to specifically target your load traps, your rhomboid, your rear delts, and still good. And your rotator cuff muscles, because I guarantee one or several of them are the source of your midlife crisis. You see, each rotator cuff muscle has a distinct function. Some externally rotate, one abducts, another one causes medial rotation, but the thing is they don't work individually. Think of them like the ultimate beetle clamp. They grab, they compress, and depress. And we could go through and test a narrow down which one of these individual muscles is causing impromns, but we don't need to because they don't work in unison, so you need to strengthen them all plus for 99% of you. The reason you have shoulder pain is this little bastard right here. This boner right here, you're a crummy and process, more specifically, the space between your subacromial space. If this decreases, then that little boner-biting bastard right there is going to rub up against the topmost tendon of your rotator cuff, your superspinatus. And it's just going to cause this constant loop of irritation pain and eventually end up in a tear. How do you know if this is you? Well, you're going to feel the most severe pain when your shoulders in abduction from 60 to 120 degrees. An abduction is just a side lateral. And I'm sure some people heard the word tear and they freaked the fuck out because they never actually had their shoulder looked at, but in my opinion the best route to take if you don't know for sure is to work on strengthening those rotator cuff muscles because if it's not a full tear and it's just some sort of inflammation irritation or just a minor injury, then getting those muscles stronger to help stabilize that shoulder will actually fix your problem over time. So good. These are my favorite exercises for the rotator cuff muscles. To hit the ones responsible for external rotation, your tears are in for a, I like to use a little band like this and do high band of pull-aparts, but as I pull it apart, I also exaggerate the supination of my wrist to isolate it down to those muscles even more. To hit the one responsible for abduction, your super, I like to use a band like this because this exercise actually hits three of the four rotator cuff muscles. So it pretty much gets the entire job done. With your hands in front of you, you're going to start abduction of those shoulders, but it's not enough for those deltoids take over and try to dominate the movement. It should just be enough to light up that super spinatus. From there, you're going to let those thumbs lead you into external rotation to bring that terries minor and for spinatus. And for the last one, this responsible for medial rotation that you still need to hit because even though it's probably tight, it's tight because it's weak. You don't need to need to leave, you can use a towel, really anything. You just don't want to tuck that elbow into your side because it's going to put that humorous, add an angle and put more stress on the joint. So grab anything and tuck it right above that muffin top, wrap that band around something and do medial rotations. Now you can go through and do all of that and still end up with shoulder problems. Due to the fact you have no thoracic mobility or dysfunction in your scraps. Don't just want to say fuck it, I'm going to hire one of those contortionists that shoots apples with their feet and me a half time shows and have them teach me how to jerk off with my feet. The good news is the last thing we need to diagnose and fix are your shoulder blades because they work in tandem with your shoulder as you raise your arm if they don't rotate and get out of the way, they're going to cause an impingement and it's always either due to poor thoracic mobility or an undirective and underdeveloped serratus anterior. And we're not even going to test because I guarantee you sit like an asshole all day and you've never specifically targeted your serratus anterior. For increasing thoracic mobility I have two favorites. The first one reminds me of an airplane safety car where they have you put your head between your legs to kiss your ass goodbye as the plane crashes. Grab a stick through your elbows on a bench and drop your head that's going to stretch your lats and your thoracic spine. The good thing about this one is while you're down there you can check to see if your favorite gym shorts have a permocene of balls but you can also walk those elbows and even closer and stretch out your shoulder caps all the way are there. Oh good I think he's done. My other favorite is the banded cake stretch. It's the only one I feel like you can get enough levers because the other foam rollers aren't big enough. I even have that steel one it's good, it's hard and shit but you can't really lay over top of it. This one it's that perfect angle put that band nice and low pull against it opens everything up. But make sure you're not extending through your lumbar because most people think they can do this one but you have them tuck those hips and keep that lower back nice and flat and they have no thoracic mobility whatsoever. And lastly the exercise you need to incorporate each week for your serratus anterior going to throw a foam roller on the wall band across your wrist you're going to try to actively drive out as you push against the wall. If you want to make it more difficult which you're not ready for because it's fucking impossible you do the same thing in a plank position on the floor. And if you want to put on more muscle I check out the new full gym program 2.0. You're going to recognize some of the deep extreme stretches we talked about today because we're doing with the end of back in chest day and hopefully you survive.

=== FILE: GET WIDER LATS ｜ Pullover Exercise Master Class! [291u_Hm3fuA].txt ===

Alright, today we're diving deep on pullovers going over everything from cables, dumbbells, barbell, and some things you definitely haven't tried because if you want a nice wide back, the keys to master those pullovers and get a great connection to them. And honestly, this is an intervention because if I see one more of you young kids walking in the gym like you're holding two suitcases, I'm going to lose it. I'm going to get a job at the gym right then just to call your mom. Hi, is this Timmy's mom? I hate to be the one to break it to you, but you f***ed up. I don't know how it happened, maybe let him play with his make-belief friend for too many years, but his imaginary lats have gotten out of control. Given another week before we have to kick my other gym. Yeah, because other members are starting to complain. Because it looks like he's running around the gym, pretend to be a f***ing airplane. Alright, we're starting off with a cable because it's the most versatile and easiest way to build that mine muscle connection with that lat. Now, first we gotta talk about the handle you choose because most people grab that straight bar and that's all they know how to do. But the handle you choose and the grip you end up taking make a huge difference. I mean, ask your wife how much you'd appreciate it. If every once in a while she could trade your penis out for a different one, your muscles appreciate it just as much too. So one misconception I see a lot of people say, I don't connect with this exercise because I always fill up my triceps. That's actually a good thing because if you didn't, you're broken into something's wrong. Your triceps are going to play a role they have to. But the biggest thing is limit how much they get involved by putting the bulk of that stress on your lats. So the rope is one of my favorite attachments because it allows you to put those hands in whatever position makes you the most comfortable. And that could mean less stress on those shoulders, but also just a better connection of those lats. Now, it also allows you to be a little bit more dynamic in the movement as well. So you can start with those hands nice and close at the top. And as you come down, you pull them apart to engage those lats more or you can start at the top by pulling the rope apart, already engaging those lats and coming straight down from there. And for those of you that are retired, you go scout. You get the most benefits out of this attachment because if you can find a way to tie this damn thing into a knot, then doing a single arm version will instantly get your great connection. Because during the negative, you can actively work against that lat by driving towards the side you're working. And as you can track up, you're going to lean back and work with your lat and actually get a little tilt to that back to make sure you really engage all the way down into that lower part of your lat. I promise this will be one of the best exercises you do for lats. Scouts honor. I just realized I can do it on this side. So, I does not want to do that. Another one of my favorites is the Easy Bar Curl attachment because it allows you to do two things. First, you can put those hands nice and close, which is going to automatically flare those lats out. Now, if you're going to say I can do that with a straight bar, but go ahead and try. Your traps are going to laugh at you because it might not seem like a big deal, but with those pumps are straight down, it's just easier for those traps to jump in and engage. It's like tilt down with those hands. It's going to drop those shoulders down and make it drive into those lats. And another thing that allows you to do is supinate the shitter of those palms without warning about any wrist pain whatsoever because that slight angle the bar has. Now, you can follow the natural arc of those lats. Similar to some of the pull variations I've shown before. And it just gives you a totally different feel because it's going to naturally pull the shoulders back, keep those traps out of it. And you're going to really feel like you're pulling around your body. And just as important, we have to go over actually how to do the pullovers themselves because there's a ton of different ways. And I'm going to go over three of them because honestly, I'm hungry. The first one you'll recognize because it's the way that most people do it. You say your stuff up on a 40-foward degree angle, you pull that bar all the way down. And there's nothing wrong with that. It's a great moment, especially when you pair that with some of the handles we talked about, you'll get even better results. But don't get stuck solely doing those because there's so many other great ways to do them as well. Like standing nice and tall and focusing on the bottom part of the contraction. Now, these are great for somebody that no matter what they do, their traps eventually jump in. And if you start with a couple sets of these where you're just sitting there, shorter range emotion, really just flexing those latches, grabbing a bunch of blood, getting a great connection to them and then going to the foals, you'll find you get a better result. And the last ones for us to like for you. For instance, if you ever go out and get a little tipsy, you hear the music going, you're like, I'm dancing tonight. And the only moves you have is a dab of the video game controller. This one's not for you. Because you're going to need a little coordination for this one because what we're going to get in those latches the entire time. So during the negative, you're going to lean forward as much as you can to really force that stretch during the contraction. You're going to lean back and feel like you're pulling that bar towards your body. All right, let's get into the dumbbells. Now the first thing is there's a bunch of different ways you can do them single, double and I'll show you some grip variations. But one of the nice things is doing them off the side of the bench like this. This allows you to really push more of a stretch because as you go back, you can really drop those hips and increase that stretch. And instead of me just saying, go grab a heavy S dumbbell and good luck. I want to do a grab two separate ones because we're going to try three different grip variations and see what you connect with the most. The first one you're going to have those dumbbells pronated and you're going to drive those dumbbells together, it's going to move like that. Old school pull over machine that we all really connected well with. The second one, you're going to go neutral grip but still drive those together. It's just going to help you bring your elbows in just a little bit for those people that flar him way too wide. And the last one, you're going all the way supinated, still drive it them together. But this one will definitely keep those elbows tucked in and follow that natural arc. And there's two things I want you to do in these to make sure you have a great connection. Doesn't matter if you're using dumbbells, a barbell, it applies to both. First, keep the elbow on a fixed position and I would air on the side of being more bent than last. The straighter that arm goes, the more you're going to feel in your tricep. The second, partial reps are your friend on these. You don't want to just come all the way up because if you do, it's going to pull in those tricep chest. Everything you can think of you don't want in this will jump in. So make sure it's a partial rep, a quarter rep. You're really just coming up high enough to engage that lat and then back into a stretch. If I've learned anything from watching the show intervention, you got to trick people. I'm going to title this thing, the lat training master class and they'll show up and they're f***ed. I'll let's bring out the barbell because I don't discriminate. I load all things equally and then attempt to make sure I don't rehash anything we've already talked about because a lot of those things applied in the barbell as well. Let's go over a specific variation and make sure you don't discount the barbell. It's not a less than thing. It's actually one of my favorite ways of doing it but you have to really find that connection and make those lats work. So the way I would do it is set that bench up on a slight incline that we got a little bit more room to work and then I would hold the bottom for a three and be a four count and the pain will find you. It doesn't pretty rough intervention. I feel like it's your off of you a cigarette or something. What are they saying that show? We're all here because we care about you and we're worried. It's not me. I just don't have to call your mom and tell her that she did a shitty job. So if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, it's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks and it'll kick your ass. But most importantly, make sure you watch these two videos next. If you haven't and like, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it get growing. God, do soon.

=== FILE: Get HUGE SHOULDERS (Sets & Reps) [QAy2bUC-UCU].txt ===

All right, so today we're going to run through a full shoulder day because why not set some reps are going to be in the description and don't you go down on me now. All right, so we're starting out with a cable variation of rear delts because I don't care how screwed up you are. There's going to be some angles, some pass, some variation that you could do. This is going to be predominantly rear delts. Keep those secondary muscles out of it, specifically those traps. And it's a pretty safe bet to assume that most people are not going to have overdeveloped rear delts. So it's a good place to start. But the thing I want you to be aware of is your posterior delts are finicky assholes. Sometimes you'll walk in the gym and have incredible connection by tilting forward, doing partial reps towards the initial part of the contraction. Next time you walk into two shoulders, nothing. It's all traps, it's in your neck, you feel like you're stroking out. At that point, don't just put your head down and try to grind your weight through it. What I would do is actually go to the extreme other in this spectrum, grab a little bit of incline bench and do partial reps with towards the finishing part of the contraction and see how you connect with that. You're going to find something you connect with better. Don't just force your weight through it because the one way you can halt progress all together is by continuing to do something you don't connect with. I could just title this, don't be a prick or the politically correct way of saying it don't be stubborn because even when I set up to do side laterals traditionally, I do that nice and long arm coming out to the side. Put as much pressure on that lateral head as possible by really extending that dumbbell at nice and far. But today, all traps. So instead, I opted for a variation that really mimics a machine lateral raise because if you have one of these at your gym, you know it's a great piece of equipment because it's really easy to be connected that lateral head the entire time. Keeps out of your traps so we can mimic that same exercise on dumbbells by actually keeping arms in a fixed 90 degree position and using the rotation of your wrist to really create that same movement. So as you come up, you preenate those hands towards the floor and make sure a couple things you're making sure that your elbow is the highest point. If your hand comes up too high, it's going to jump in those anterior delts. If you keep it nice and low, below that elbow, it's going to be all that lateral head. And the second thing is, makes you don't pinch so shoulder blades back. If you do, it's going to be all traps. If you're going to screw yourself at that point. So make sure you push your shoulders forward and you keep that nice, clean motion, hands are lower than your elbows. You're good to go. Alright, so we're finishing off with a hybrid of a press and a front raise. And I love this exercise for anybody who has any sort of shoulder inflexibility because over the years I would people come in and usually have a little bit of anterior delts development. But the way they develop it is by doing traditional presses and then becoming parallel with the floor. So that anterior delts gets no stretch whatsoever. So with these, we're going to really exaggerate it. So what I want you to do is keep the elbow in a fixed position, 90 degrees. As you come up, you're going to flex it up, keep that same position. But at the very top, you extend it up, finish that flex off. I'm sure you've seen these before. It's great exercise. But in the negative portion, this is where you got to really exaggerate it. As most people will just do that and sit there and lean forward. That's not the best part of it. The best part of it in the most beneficial part is as you're coming down, you're really forcing that stretch. So even pull it in towards you even more, pull it back towards your body, stretch that anterior delts and then flex over top of it from there. Get that little extension of the top to really complete the contraction. But again, it's all about that stretch. So as always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video what next. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: HARDGAINER Leg Workout Tips For MASS (GUARANTEED GROWTH!) [uj2zDix25Qw].txt ===

All right, today we're going over some leg training tips that are specifically for hard gainers because the last thing you want to have happen is we'll take off your pants and tug on your leg instead. So if you're ready, let's get after it. Now I always feel like everyone can benefit from a good heart to heart and a reminder that you could definitely be training those legs harder. But for hard gainers specifically, there's some unique insights that I can give you that you're going to help you get those legs growing. The first thing I do is figure out what the hell you're supposed to be doing because every time you see somebody in the gym that's just killing themselves on legs, they're one of the results to show forward. It's because I want to do reasons. Either it's early in their lifting career or the second more likely is they're screwing up every single exercise. They're moving the weight and not contracting it up. And I know it may seem like an insignificant difference and you probably want to punch me in the, but hear me out. Let's take an exercise like a split squat because you can easily see the difference between somebody who's engaged with the muscles that are involved versus somebody just wants to get it over with. Kind of like the way my mother-in-law can tell them just being nice to her because my wife told me I have to. Which is fine. Just know that three days before she comes, I'm going to be binge watching all the home alones and our house is going to be riddled with booby traps. So as you slow down the movement, you can section it out and really get the most of every part of it. As you go down, you can dictate what muscles you're going to put more stress on and where you're going to exaggerate the stretch for quads. If you shift that knee over your toe, it's going to stress those quads more. For glutes, if you shift your weight over that working leg, it's getting more activation in those glutes. If you open up that knee, it's going to force that stretch into those adductor muscles. And not only does it simply affect what you're stretching, but also what muscles you're going to call on when you're ready to contract up. For instance, as you open up that knee, it's going to put more onus on that vassus me out to get involved as you're driving up. And for the critic that says there's no discernible difference between this. And this, I apologize for taking some of your precious time away from World Warcraft to watch this video. And finally, it's important to be conscious of what you're contracting. If your goal is to get as much engagement of those quads as possible, then you want to position your foot and body in a way that allows you to continuously fire through that quad and limit the involvement of those supporting muscles. And if you want to turn this into an all around ass kicker, then you want to get a little transverse movement involved. So at the bottom, you know, turn towards that working leg, that we can get more of a stretch on that glute and hamstring. As you can track up, you straighten out, drive through that quad. And at the top, you open up even a little bit more so you can flex that glute and then right back down. Now, I know you didn't sign up for a masterclass in split squats, but I think it was important to go into that much depth, make you realize how aware you have to be of what you're doing. You can't continue to throw in some Katy Perry, get in some heavyweight and do quarter reps, squats like an asshole and expect good things to happen. That's one of the reasons that like to have people do compound sets or giant sets because it forces them to connect with the muscle. Even if you're completely oblivious and you're bouncing up and down singing your firework, if I put enough exercises in front of you, the target the same muscle, back to back to back, the only way you can screw it up is by cheating on the format self. So what I would do is split your legs up in a two separate days because what's face, when you're training quads, glutes, hamstrings, I'm even considering doing casts on that day, at least one of them is going to get neglected. When your legs are growing, you can just pick which one is going to be the odd one out by putting it at the end of the workout. But when your legs look like they should come with one of those rubber awareness bracelets, you can afford to have as anything. Split them up to where one day you're doing quads and glutes and then three to four days later hit hamstrings and glutes and then add those calves on an easier training day. And when in doubt, do more. More compound sets, giants, sets, do more volume overall. And if our people say the reason they're not growing is because you're over training, false. I've never met anybody who worked their ass off, trained their legs like crazy and didn't get great results. Even the people I met who clinically suffer from exercise, bulimia have had great legs because your legs can take it. So if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30 day program, I'll leave a link below. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. It's pretty simple. And if you haven't watched these two videos, watch those next. For more importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: HEAVY VS LIGHT WEIGHT For Muscle Growth (THE TRUTH!) [EJ0OHtxZWFk].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to have one of the good idea to start lifting heavy to build muscle. And I'm going to talk about and a little bit of weight and drop in the reps. Talking about having a complete disregard for your own safety and lifting like an asshole. So let's get after it. Alright, let me start by defining the difference between lifting light and lifting heavy because I have a very different definition than most people. When I'm training, my goal is to push that muscle to failure and beyond. So you'll rarely ever see me drop below 10 reps unless I'm stacking some crazy exercise on top or being lazy. And that's not to say that lifting heavy for low reps doesn't work. It absolutely does. If that's your thing, awesome. Go for it. That means your vest is going to be full of gym badges. Proudy by. But when you're number one priorities building muscle and not lifting a car, that's number two or three, then there's a more efficient way to do it. Also, a more sustainable way because the secret to growth is simple. It's just consistently putting stress on that muscle and forcing it to adapt. Consistently, I.E. Don't injure yourself. So when I say lightweight, what I mean is using a weight that you can easily hit that rep range or targeting or even blow by it, but the way you're performing those reps causes you to fail, not the weight. And the reason for that is you can't screw it up. Even if you have some of these brand new to the gym who's never touched a weight in their life, if you get them to master making a lightweight, feel heavy, through whatever method you choose and mechanical disadvantage, you change up the tempo, you stack it at the beginning of a disgusting giant set. They're guaranteed to get results. For instance, take a standing dumbbell bicep curl. I can take 15 pounds and dry hump that all day and get little of the no results. And the biceps, I mean, I'll be. Chafed to hell, but or if instead you took that same 15 pounds and slowed the curl down to a crawl or curl it like normal, but held it five second hold of the top of the contraction or even just change the angle to make it more difficult. Any of those will allow you to use a lighter weight and make just that muscle fail. You can screw this up, you're eligible for an award. And here's the best part. It's universal for every body part. You're stuck at home. You want to do it in a dumbbell press, but you know, the weight for it, just slow it down and contract like you're moving through sludge. And that light weight you have is going to get real heavy real quick. So I've trained in light, so great. When do you train heavy? And that's the tricky part because in a perfect world, I'd be able to follow you to the gym and judge this shit out of you. Have some giant red button. So anytime you ever use too much weight, I can just smash it. Side note, if you know any make a wish kids and that's their wish, I'm your man. What it comes down to is if you can do those same 20 reps with more weight and keep the same connection, you've earned the right to. But again, I believe you yield better results from high reps and high volume than using weight that's going to drop your rep range. So if anything, your form relaxes a little bit and your tempo changes and you're able to force out more reps with heavier weight, but still you're in that high rep range. And the reason for this video is because I was at the gym today and I actually made eye contact with somebody who apparently watches these videos because they had a 5 pound dumbbell and his hand he's pulling to it all excited because we're in the lightweight club together. But then he looked over and he noticed I had five plates on the leg press and you could see him die inside. So I guess I'll my phone and saw the screensaver and it was a picture of his mom's butthole. Needless to say, I thought this topic could use a little clarification. So yeah, sometimes it's good to use heavier weight, but probably not the way you thought when you first clicked on this video. So step one, make that connection, you make a lighter weight, feel heavier and then you can have heavier weight as long as you maintain that connection. So if you like this video, you're going to want to watch these two next, but most importantly make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: HOT CRAZY FITNESS MATRIX (Man's Guide To Dating Gym Girls) [daXtuH3qNOo].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over the hot crazy matrix for women that go to the gym because they need their own special chart. And if you're not familiar with what this is, basically it's a graph that's going to help single men navigate all the crazy women that frequent gyms around the world and help them decide whether or not a woman's a good potential mate or if they should keep a safe distance. And based on my experience, I'm the perfect person to make this chart. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So what the original video taught us is that how hot a woman is actually has a direct one-one correlation to how crazy she is. And this was a shepherd of my adolescence. To the point that actually made flashcards just in case I happen upon a woman that I've never met before I can quickly whip them out and cycle through them. Huh. Alright, she's brunette. Though she could be a redhead in disguise. You know how to amze apple. Now, bulge. I think I'm going to go. Excuse me miss, what's your name? Tiffany. Fuck. As incredibly helpful as that was for a young man out there in the world on his own, the moment I stepped foot in the gym I realized Holy hell, this is a different level of crazy. You're going to have to redo this chart because their craziness is actually related to how in shape they are. So if you look closely, you'll notice the first controversial thing I've done so far in this video. And that's labeled a crazy axis from one to ten. Because it's pretty much common knowledge that there's not a woman on earth below a four crazy, but I don't believe that to be the case. Coming up to miss it. But I think if you're in the pursuit of happiness, you're going to find it right in this zone. Now, I'm sure you're wondering who are these women? Well, let me tell you. These are the little grandals you see consistently in the gym. Day in and day out, fighting the good fight against diabetes, spending half their time shuffling around the gym, trying to figure out how to adjust equipment or turn the treadmill on. Now, instinctually, you're not going to give them the time of day. But I implore you to give these lovely ladies a second look because yeah, you got to be careful not to break your hip. But these ladies are experienced and those shower you with baked goods. And if you're the type of man that has trouble breaking up with a woman, don't sweat it. Just let mother nature take its course and you'll be waiting six months max. Now if we graduate a little bit further down the Injay Paxas, to about a three, this is the point where women stop wearing regular clothes with the gym and strictly wear sports bras. Now, you might be tempted to flirt with these women because they seem relatively sane based upon our graph, but it's a trap because 93% of women that look like this are a part-time yoga instructor. And anybody who's ever dated yoga before will tell you that the phrase, I'm doing yoga to find my center is code for if you f*** up, I'll burn all your shit in the center of our front yard. If you move two spots up to a five, you've now reached the every day as a transformation Tuesday woman. Now these particular women are the ones you get most men into trouble because even though you've never met her and you don't know her name, you know that when she takes that gym selfie, she's going to tag everything from the location of the gym to the close she wears to the products she uses to bleach her butthole. So she's not going to be hard to find. And if you want a little help find in a red flag, go back and look at the progression of those transformation photos. That first one is going to be an awe-inspiring before and after photo that took years to make happen. The most recent one is going to be her and a thong spread in her butt cheeks that was taken 12 hours apart. And yeah, well it's nice that she's helping us learn new things like the circumference of your butt hole gets smaller as you die it. Once you know you know, and if you find yourself in a relationship with a five, congratulations, you've just made it to crazy down. And you're now subject to questions like, hey babe, can you come smell this far to see if you think I'm adjusting on my protein? Or, sorry babe, I can't give you a blowjob tonight. I just put a new stick of gum in my mouth and I can't afford to five extra calories. You don't mean to smash it with my callous hands instead. Now if we hop over just one spot to a six, this is where everything changes. But to the untrained eye, you won't be able to tell discernible difference. The key is you have to scroll their feet in a very specific way and see that pivotal moment that happens in every female fitness enthusiast life. So what you have to do is go back and look at her first post. Probably humble beginnings. Maybe a bathroom of selfie or a cardio gym check in. And when you're there, scroll up as violently as you can and then blur your eyes the way you do when you're looking at one of those magic eye pictures. And you'll get a little bit more insight every time you scroll. The first time you go, that picture quality is getting a little bit better. You do it again. How did you get that picture? Maybe she used a timer. I don't know. You do it again. That doesn't even look like a filter. Maybe that's totally how you're paying a photographer for your 400 and 12 Instagram followers. This is a code read. Charital fucked up. The crazy is now gone from linear to exponential. And if you find yourself in a relationship with a six, she's going to want you to get her name tattooed somewhere on your body, but save your money. Because at some point during the relationship, she's going to stab you the fork, which is more than likely going to get infected because it's the same one. She consistently uses the tolapian green mean. So she's going to leave you with a pretty hefty scar. I know what you're thinking. That's it. You can't get any crazier than that. The curb has to flatten eventually. I wish that was the case. But seven and above, that's your figure of fitness and bikini competitors. And you break a mirror that seven years' bad luck. You date one of them. That's four years off your life. You actually eat some of their food instant death. Do you have any idea what that relationship's like? You're not either goes one of two ways. Either you sit there and read your the menu of her favorite restaurant as you cries yourself to sleep. Or you make her favorite lettuce only salad and talk for hours about how much your stomach hurts. So what do we learn here today? Well, unless you're taking my advice and going to Jerry out, you're out. Your best bet is not dating a girl who's into the gym. I would recommend just hanging out by a golden corral and finding a hearty woman to spend the rest of your life with. Now normally, I would say go check out the 30 day program if you haven't already. That would be the call to action, which I'll still link it below. But I think a better call to action is I know you probably follow quite a few female gym goers. What I would do is take your top three and just send them this video and say nothing. I don't know what's going to happen.

=== FILE: HOW TO BUILD BIGGER QUADS ｜ Explained in 2 MIN [4h00CCmKKsU].txt ===

All right, today we're going to go over everything you need to know when it comes to growing those quads in under two minutes. So stop taking a minute and taint and let's get after it. First and foremost, everything starts with your feet. You want more engagement? Obviously drive through your heels. You want to step it up another level as you're driving up, lift those toes, putting a hundred percent of pressure on your heels and lighting up those quads. You can do this on everything from leg press, hack squat, even on this Smith machine. And a similar principle applies to leg extension. You don't want more activation and gaze those hands here, tips and hold those feet and dorsiflexion the entire time. Also remember, constant tension, even though it doesn't feel like it is your friend. You want to get more of every single movement, stop three cores the way up. When it comes to the width of your stance, the more narrow you can go, the better. But technically, you get more activation in your medialis and overall lean development if you go. Cool story, bro. You know more activation in your medialis. Turn those toes slightly out. You're more lateralist, feet together, toes together. You know more just overall development. If you want to just apart and toes slightly out. When it comes to growth, your ankle mobility is critical. It's middle and middle places to just put your feet. But you can also use it as a ruler and judge yourself harshly. If you have to put your feet nice and high because you can't keep those heels down, you're sucking it life. If you can put your feet all the way at the bottom and maintain pressure on those heels, good job and not sucking. Your goal should be to strive to constantly improve the ankle flexibility because the lower your position those feet, the greater the range of motion, the greater the stretch. Oh no, how do I do that? Number one, start training your anterior tipialis. Because when you go to a deep squat, you're going to feel a lot of muscle stretching in your crunchy old body. But the one that actually activates helps you maintain your posture and pulls those knees forward and subsequently helps you get a little bit deeper is that anterior tip. Number two, and my personal favorite because I think it works the best is just a few times a day sitting in the position you're trying to improve. At first, you're going to feel like a hunched over a bag of shit. But eventually, you feel like an athletic bag of shit. What if I have bad knees and can't do some of the things you talked about? I get it. My head looks like a dilapidated testicle that was used to play kickball. You play the hand your doubt. Just make yourself a list of exercises that you can do and try to get even more out of them. Whether that's pre-existing with a static hold or slowing down the exercise or just holding that flex for an extended period of time, that'll do it. I've always found I see the best results with higher reps and higher volume. When I do go heavy, it's not the weight that's heavy. I use a moderate weight that I make feel heavy by controlling that negative holding bottom for a few seconds and then driving it up. Feels fucking heavy though. I know if you apply these principles to your training, your quasi-in-star grown. The link to the garage program, if you haven't picked that up as well as to get notified for the full gym program when it comes out, our below. If you need help with your diet, more leg training, make sure you subscribe or go

=== FILE: HOW TO BUILD MASSIVE TRAPS (You're Doing It WRONG!) [E3vH17tBaKg].txt ===

Alright, today we're hitting traps. Now this video is for anybody who either just doesn't give results from heavy shrugs. Or maybe you do when you're just tired of jerking weight up and down, you want something different to do because the be honest with you, having done heavy shrugs since I was a little girl and even when I did do them, I think you'd great results. On top of that, I just didn't like the way I felt. I get that same feeling when you get drunk with your friends and you decided to become a professional slapbox or you wake up next morning and everything on your face and neck and basically your entire head hurts. That's the same way I felt from heavy shrugs. So, go over some variations that I like to do. Let's get after it. Alright, let's start up with a CD cable because I don't care how screwed up you are between the attachments and adjusting the angle you're body. You can find something you connect with it. If you haven't got results before, this will do it for you. And the reason I like these so much is you're able to hit traps at what I feel is the best angle for development, which isn't straight up and down. It's coming back in a motion that really prioritizes those lower and mid traps and then finishes the contraction off into those upper traps because most people who do shrugs non stop look great from the front. They have this nice, 3D look. They got that nice top shelf to the traps. You turn them to the side and they look they've been home schooled their entire life. Alright, so let's start with a nice high straight bar cable row. Now make sure you start the contraction off the lower part of those traps by pulling those shoulder blades back and as you start to drive it up, make sure you really pull those elbows up nice and high and that's just going to drive the contraction up even higher. Now if you do this for short period of time, a couple of weeks, you'll notice that you get more development from the side and you look less home school. I mean, you can get mad at me if you want, but I don't even know when the shit comes from. Alright, let's switch it up and through what I call a T bar handle and they're a do more of a traditional style of shrug but at a more optimal angle. Now with these, you've got to really adjust that body because one of your shoulders are going to talk to you and tell you what sucks and what doesn't. But also you're going to find an angle that really stretches those traps more and has a better contraction as you're coming back. And for me, I keep a nice bend to that elbow because I want to feel like as I'm coming up to the top, I'm going to pull that handle apart and really contract those traps in it just a better contraction overall. If you're still having trouble connecting to those traps, then you're often human being and you're just jerking off the weight too much. If you lighten up the weight and throw two single handles on there and actually pull the parties you come back, you're going to find that connection and actually get those damn things to grow. I don't know where trap development took a left turn to every side of the best way to train them is just go heaviest possible because for me, the best way I found is to make those traps work harder through a movement in other ways than just grabbing the heaviest dumbbells or stacking the bars much as you can because just because your traps can handle it doesn't mean you should. I mean your biceps can handle a hell of a lot of weight and something like an open hand of deadlift but unless you're a competitive lifter and that's your life where you got to deal with that with your orthopedic surgeon and every time you come in after you tear a muscle you get a free reach around. I wouldn't recommend it. One of the best drug variations I've found is when you do a dumbbells and the way you do is by opening up that chest pulling those shoulders back, pinching those shoulder blades together and then supernating those palms. So before you even start the movement, you've already engaged in most neglected part of people's traps and then you're contracting back in an angle and then from there it's just about deciding if you want to keep the elbow in a fixed position or if you want to chance it and test it and see if you get more of that contraction you can enhance it by bending those elbows as you can track up. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next and get after get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: HOW TO PACK ON MORE MUSCLE (The Key To Growth!) [yTBlp7G1DeU].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to get a better mind muscle connection or some people like to call it the clitoris of bodybuilding because the moment you think you got it, he lost it. So today I'm going to go over tips for each body part that will instantly give you a better connection. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So when it comes developing a better mind muscle connection on any exercise, all you have to do is ask yourself three questions. First, is there any part of the movement that already have a great connection with? If there is, just shorten it down to that range of motion and then either stay there or slowly work on expanding that rep until you get in a full range of motion. The second is, is there any modification I can make to this movement that will make a dramatic difference, which could be just changing the angle and putting yourself into mechanical disadvantage, just making a small tweak that for your biomechanics makes the world a difference. And finally, if I was a clitoris, where would I hide? So one tip for quad as it applies for everything from leg extension to hack squats, leg press, even cissy squat is any chance you get to lift those feet off the ground and put all that pressure on your heels is going to demand more from those quad and create a more intense contraction. Some reason it sounds like I got shit in my mouth. With hamstrings, it's exact opposite. Anytime you can point those toes away, plant your flexion the entire time, you're going to start that contraction off of your calves and rip it into those hamstrings. And yeah, you're not going to be able to use as much weight, but it's going to be one hell of a contraction. So if you're somebody that has a hard time connecting with calves, then you're full of shit because calves start for everybody. But just in case you want to make it worse, next time you're doing a seated calf raise, instead of putting that pad right above your knees like most people do, shove yourself in the machine even further. That way it's nice and high in those quad. It's going to put that calf in extreme stretch position, but also it's going to put that hamstring right on top of that calf. You have to flex against it or just do what I'm doing right now, which is all the way down so your hamstrings are sitting right on top of those calves. And I promise it's horrible. So if you're following in my back videos, you know, there's two things you got to do to make sure you have those wide ridiculous looking lats that you have to apologize for looking like a asshole because you can't put your arms down. And that's one, keep the elbow and fix position the entire time. You're going to follow the natural arcure lats a little bit easier, but also work against those lats. So lean forward during the stretch, lean back during the positive, and that's going to give you a great connection. But if that's not doing it for you, grab the easy bar cable attachment and you might think that's going to jump in your biceps, but remember, whenever pulling straight towards our bodies, if you do, you're ruining your life. You're actually pulling around your body. So this is going to allow you to keep those elbows tucked in and follow all the way around. Sign out. If you see somebody at the gym using an easy bar and pulling straight to their chest, just look at them across the gym and give them one of these. Just to confuse the shit out of them. So when it comes to building thickness around that mid back, I can definitely throw some heavy weight on the straight bar and just jerk it up and down. But in terms of a connection, nothing works better than locking that lower back into place and disengaging and re-engaging that mid back. So flexion and extension is going to start the contraction of those lower lats and drive it straight up. So when it comes to traps, it seems like people lose their shit. They're real methodical with every other body part. But they go and do shrugs and they just start jerking up and down and that doesn't deserve to work. So if you want the best contraction possible for those traps, start by doing these three things. One, tilt forward and find the perfect angle gives you best connection. Two, hold the top for three, maybe a four count and then finally, between sets. Just hold the weight. Your traps want to appreciate it. When it comes to shoulders, whether it's side ladders or bird alt flies, or even a front raise, the best thing you can do is break it down into three separate segments. You get the top, the middle and the bottom. Now, one of those ranges, you're going to connect with the most and from there, you get options. You can either integrate more partial rep movements into your workout and that range of motion, which isn't a bad thing. I'd say half the exercise I do on shoulder day, I do them with partial reps because of a great connection to them. But if you've never been able to connect with a full range of motion, that's some of you want to work on. So say you have a connection to the bottom of the movement. Then that's probably because you can flare that shoulder out and you connect really with that side down. But as you start to come up even further, that trap jumps in. So all you have to do then is figure out what angle to pull your arm up at to really keep it in that lateral head. So when it comes to connect with your chest, the name of the game is keeping those anterior delts out. So before you start the movement, walk those shoulder blades together, push that chest nice and tall and never lock it all the way out because the only way you can get there is by using that delts. But we can also intensify the contraction by getting some rotation involved. So say you're doing a normal press as you drive it up. If you rotate those dumbbells into where you end up in a neutral grip, that's going to make it worse. Or say you're starting with a barrel press and you start to supinate as you come up. It's going to make your life a lot worse as well too. And when it comes to connecting with your biceps and triceps, I would set up a shop on a cable machine because between the different angles and the constant tension, it's not going to take a long before you figure out exactly what you need to do to connect with them. Now for triceps, I'd start up by going heavier than you normally do, but starting a fully stretch position and barely contract down. Do a couple sets there and then after that, light up the weight each time and slowly work on increasing the range of motion. You'll be surprised how much these parses of the bond, the movement, tear you up. Sometimes I'll just do sets of these, all by themselves. And with biceps, it's just a simple. We have them started by tucking their elbows into their stomach and then we find the range of motion that's the most painful. And then from there, we slowly build upon it, increase that range of motion and let their shoulder get involved, or the elbow drips forward and back. And in that case, I say, f*** you, go back to parses. So if you need more help kicking your ass, I'll link to the 30-day program below. It's 20 workouts, 20 videos, it's 20 bucks. And if you haven't got a chance to check these two videos out next, and most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after a get-grown doctor to soon.

=== FILE: Hardgainers are a MYTH! [TjSHHI4JB3U].txt ===

I know this is gonna piss some people off, but having a hard time building muscle is a symptom. It's not the problem. There's a flaw in the way your body functions, and it could be something as complex as having chronically high cortisol levels or having high concentrations of sex hormone binding globulin to something that's a little bit more easily identifiable, problems with your training and your nutrition. Also, I don't know why I thought this would be a cool shot, but in reality, it looks like this. In my opinion, hard gainers of blanket term used to justify an action. It's a lazy man's way of saying, I'm not willing to put in the effort or take the time to figure out exactly why I'm not growing. But in reality, it's as easy to figure out as a game of guess who. Is your person? Don't say it. Is your person? I swear to God if you can't say it. Is your person below? Now obviously, some people are just responders. You could run them into the ground, and they're still gonna grow. For instance, if you sound a normal person up to a daily spin class after about two weeks, they'd end up with little penis size legs. But that responder would walk out of there with cows to size your head. And even if for the longest time, consider myself a hard gainer because if you look in my dad and look past the fact that he looks like Gandalf, he's a very small human. I'm not denying that some people get results faster than others. What I'm saying is there's a reason why you're not responding. And yeah, you're not gonna probably put on the amount of muscle that genetically gifted freak who has everything in this body working in his favor. But you can absolutely find in fix what's holding you back and build a hell of a lot more muscle than you currently are. Let's start out with the easy fixes, and then we'll get into the weeds because it's just talking things up to be an hard gainer is like going to a sex addicts and anonymous meeting and saying you're attracted to women. No shit, but when your kid did your mom kick you in the balls with one of her high heels shoes and now you have some weird foot fetish that you can only get off when a woman puts out one of your nuts like a cigarette. Let's get into it. When it comes to training, I think the most important thing to look at is the intensity at which you train with. And while soreness isn't an indication of growth, to me it's the best possible indicator that you've applied enough stimulus to the muscle to potentially grow. You can never control adaptation, but you sure is how can control intensity. I just figured I'd show you what it's like to be your poor nut sector and a leg press. The key is to use soreness as a metric, whether or not the intensity and or volume of your workouts is meeting that growth threshold. It's also a way to ensure you're actually hitting the target. For instance, if you wake up the next morning after training chest and your anterior delts are more pain than your pecs than congratulations, you're not a hard gainer. You just suck at training. Or you feel like you can barely move after every single workout and you've been at it for a while that's a clear sign your body's lack in the ability to recover properly. And that's either because you're not giving yourself enough time between each session and the moment you do you start seeing results or there's something often, turnily. For instance, one of the metabolic pathways could be off and the cholesterol in your body instead of turning into something fun like testosterone, more often than not gets converted into cortisol. And you freak the fuck out. Let's see you check that box and you're kicking your ass the proper amount after every workout and you're still not getting results. I can't stand this position, I'm going to ship my pants. You're probably in one of these two categories. You either train too much or too little. And I know that's an oversimplification, but in the past when people would come to me claiming to be a hard gander, it was either because they overtrained and did two of the days and it would even alternate hands in masturbate with, make sure they got the reps in. Or they got their workouts from muscle and fitness magazine and they were so afraid of overtraining that they would leave reps in the tank on every single exercise. And this is something you can easily test. For one month try upping the volume and then that following a month, do a three day split where you take a day off after every single workout and see what you respond better to. I guarantee one of them will get you better results. I will throw my two cents in and say I think people underestimate how phenomenal their body is and how much it's willing to adapt. More often than not the fastest way to build more muscle is to increase volume and then find ways to actively increase recovery to keep up. For example, if money wasn't an issue and you had a large breast as a woman to follow you around and stretch your post workout, deep tissue massages, give you cortisol reducing rubbed and tugs. Don't you think you grow more? Speaking of training and defelure, I think a lot of people think they do, but they actually don't. One rep left in the tank, one RIR because training defelure on arms, that's pretty damn easy but legs, that's a whole other animal. Ask yourself, when's the last time you push yourself to complete failure on quads? And if you're able to get to the top and lock it out, you didn't reach failure. You should be stuck at the bottom crawling out. Because here's the thing about training defelure and I know a lot of people are against it and when you're brand new to the gym, you don't need it. But when you're pushing against the ceiling of your genetic potential, I don't think you can continually make consistent gains without pushing to absolute failure. And there's no set timeline. Everybody reaches that ceiling at a different point. You could be six months in up a pound of muscle and your body decides, that's all it's willing to comfortably give. So at that point, you have to get uncomfortable. Another common mistake that isn't hard gainer specific, but they sure is how doing a lot is they lose side of the goal. They see a weight and think that weight needs to go up and down, you regard this whatever accessory or secondary muscles get involved. Your goal should be the exact opposite. You should be trying to isolate that muscle as much as humanly possible, allowing the majority of the stress to hit that targeted muscle instead of trying to take it through a full range of motion when it's pretty much no longer involved. So instead of continuing to take it through a full range, you actually shorten that range to keep pace of what that muscle is able to do. Because at the end of the day, who cares if you dry hump the weight all the way up if your secondary muscles did it? Last point on training, and this should give you hope that you're not screwed, you're just really, really shitty at lifting. I guarantee that even though you're a hard gainer, there's at least one muscle group in your body you're seeing progress because everybody has a gift. Some people are stupid, like mine, which is trapped. The fact that you're making progress in one area is a good indication that you could be making it everywhere. And it really isolates your problem down to either training or in a figurative nutrition. Let's dive into that. Now I'm not going to teach you how to eat like an adult, but let's run through some of the common mistakes that you're probably making that's keeping you as small and feeble human being. The biggest of which you're not eating enough protein. Most people when they hit a wall, they try to force progress by loading up on fat and carbs and end up becoming a chubby mess. And they think because they eat half a bill bar for lunch, their protein needs are being met. To illustrate how important it is, you're hitting your protein numbers, think about this. The protein requirement from muscle protein synthesis and incorporating amino acids in a bound skeletal muscle can only either come from what you eat or what you already have. So at all times you're fighting against muscle catapulism and the only way to keep that at bay is keeping an adequate level of amino acids in your blood. Meaning if you're the guy that remembers to eat his first meal around noon, you can shut the fuck up. You're not a hard gainer. You're an asshole. So if you're not getting at least a gram per pound, that's the first thing I would look at. In terms of carbohydrates and fats, while they're not on the top of my list, you still want to pay attention to them. When it comes to your uncle bends, if you haven't already, move them to your pre-in post-workout meal, especially post-workout because of increased insulin sense of activity as well as those glute forward transporters in your muscle cell, will actually be pushed to the surface as you train allowing you to absorb glucose directly into the muscle without the presence of insulin. It's the anabolic window. But that doesn't mean eight bags of these fucking things. No, it's terrible. In fact, obviously important for overall health and a shit ton of other things, but honestly I just wanted to get this out of the house before my wife got her little chubby fingers on it. If you're a hard gainer, not something you really have to focus on, but you can't completely neglect it either. Of all the people that are watching this that were previously hard gainers, I guarantee 95% of you can take one of the things we've already talked about, implement it and start getting results. But that 5% that's sitting there still thinking you're screwed. If I were you, let me run through some of the tests that I would do next and some of these things are fucking insane. I guarantee by the end of it, you'll know exactly why you're not getting results. And then you have Climini. The first place I would look is blood and you can really geek out on this and look forwards and backwards and see that your low protein diet is causing you to increase your levels of sex hormone binding, globularing, which is causing you to have less free testosterone and that's the reason why you're not recovering from your workouts and why you're still looking at ninth graders. The next thing I would do is spit in a bag a few times a day to see where your cortisol levels are because you could be a walking ball of stress and cortisol is catabolic and it will inhibit protein synthesis. And there are some actionable things you can do other than try to sit and find your inner peace while the world shifts in your cereal. And lastly, I would do a urine analysis and my favorite, shitting in a box and shipping it to a lab that way they can tell me if whether or not what I'm eating is actually getting digested and if not how to combat it. I guarantee there's someone watching this that just remember that one time they got drunk in a party and tried to butt chug an entire bottle of saracha. This is a good test for you. And I know that was a really quick way to go over all those tests and I'll link the place I like to use below. But if you want me to make an entire video where I take every single one of those tests, we get the results and then we get into it, comment below. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the new Full Gym program that just dropped, it's obviously live, it's only 20 bucks. Get after it.

=== FILE: Here’s Why Your Lower Chest Sucks… [VKgvrl0DemI].txt ===

Today we're going deep into the science to figure out which exercises are truly the best for developing those lower pecs. And to do that, we're going to need a cadathlon. Just kidding, this is just my dumb wife. Here we are, real pieces. Here's the goal of this video. We're going to go over what's already considered be the best exercises for your lower chest, but we're also going to use this EMG device to test to see if we can make those exercises even better. By changing everything from the width of the grip to the angle of the bench to even the path of the exercise itself. Here's what we currently know in regards to peer-reviewed research that centered around those lower chest fibers. If you look at a diagram that depicts the pectoralis major, you're going to see it segmented into two separate parts. The collovicular head, which obviously comes off your clavicle, and the sterile head, which comes off your sternum, but also at the very bottom, off your abdominals. More technically your abdominal sheath. But in a 2009 case study where they cut up a bunch of dead people, they found that the sterile head was actually often segmented into six, sometimes even seven individual parts. And that study was backed up by another one that found that the motorgunits of those individual segments could be independently controlled by your central nervous system. So, what does that mean to you? Well, more than anything, it means you have to be really purposeful with the angle or path that you can track down on. I'm telling you you can aim. I can prove it. If I stack two EMG sensors, one at the lowest part of my outer pack, and the other one just right on top of it, you're going to see what I do a cable press down that's directly in line with my body, almost mimics a barbell dip that I get the most excitement out of those motor neurons that are responsible for the lowest fibers in my chest. But the moment I pull my hands slightly away from me, it completely changes, and this isn't an extreme difference. I'm still in a downward angle. Not even to the point of a declimbency, but you can see my central nervous system is trying to excite those fibers that are even higher in my pack. See, you can aim. If you want to target the very bottom of your chest, the part that stems from your abdominal sheath and wraps around, you need to start incorporating exercises that follow that same straight down plane emotion, which could be your first aha moment. If you're someone that only trains it by doing movements on a declimbency, which is usually anywhere from 15 to 30 degrees, then you're not actually targeting that underboot. So the first exercise I want to try to optimize is the declimbency press, because if you have most people how they target their lower chest, they're going to say this one. And the way I'm going to set it up is I'm going to put two EMG devices across my lower pack, one on the inside, one on the outside. So we can see what's happening throughout the entire length of the muscle, because we know regional hyperchvy is a thing. So if there's any weird shit going on, we're going to know about it. I'm also going to put one mid chest, that way we know if the bulk of the excitement ends up being there, then it's probably not a great exercise for that lower utter. The first test, grip width. Nice and close. Little wider than shoulder width, and then extremely wide. We have a win. The closed grip one was kind of what you'd expect. You got the most activation at the inner part of your lower chest, but not great anywhere else. The extremely wide grip did get activation out of the outer part of your chest, but there was really no clear difference between the mid pack and that lower part of your inner chest. So that one kind of sucks too. The slightly wider than shoulder width grip was the winner. You got the most activation out of the lower pack on the outside, then the inside, and the very least overall out of anyone I tested, of that mid pack. So anytime you do declimpress, take a grip that's slightly wider than shoulder width. I'm going to stop changing back and forth in between shirts. I just did that because I hate people that were shirts like this. The other thing I wanted to test on here is to see what happens when we increase the angle. So when I really tilt my torso back and make it more of a steep decline. So let's take our newfound knowledge of the best grip, and use that while we test whether laying flat on the bench, or arching up, is better. Arched was the winner. Got more activation in the places that we wanted, and less in the places we didn't want. Next time you're in the gym, you go to declimpress, hands slightly wider than shoulder width, and archer back to increase the angle of that decline. And the reason I would say archer back, instead of just sticking a plate underneath the bench, is because when you do that, you naturally pinch the shoulder blades together, which puts you in a better position to press. The next exercise I want to investigate are dips, because I don't know about you, but for me, it seems like I do them differently every time I go to the gym. Sometimes I'll stay straight up and down, other times I'll lean slightly forward. Sometimes I'll do a weird hybrid where I lean forward on the negative lean back, because I come up, not because I know anything, just because it feels right. And I also want to test to see if there's a difference between a standard dip, one that's extremely wide, and a barbell dip. I really hope these don't win. I look the stupidest doing these. And it also makes me think that Batman movie were Robbins' entire dumb family died doing the trapeze. What kind of family activity is that? That ruined me as a kid. The straight up and down version of dips, they're off. Don't do them, probably horrible for your shoulders. That's a hard pass. The version where I leaned forward the entire time that I thought was going to be too much mid-pack activation. Actually, it wasn't. It was slightly more, but not anything significant. So if you have the best mind muscle connection doing them that way, there is no downside due to those. But the slide edge goes to the one where I lean forward the negative and then lean back during the positive. And it makes sense if you ever used one of those hoist dip machines, it takes you on that exact motion. I just assumed the guy that created it was a giant man child who used to play on those electric horses. They had outside of grocery stores. Turns out they know what the hell they're doing. And that's the one I'm going to do going forward. And then I got a while here at my ass to test the parserette version of that rocking back and forth dip. Because if you saw the last leg video I did, then you know that training in a parser range motion at long muscle lengths could potentially lead even more hypertrophy. Parallel with the fact that the modern-iron excitement was almost identical to the full range motion. And we know that training in a specific range of motion will actually get you stronger in that exact range. So cutting dips in half like that will actually make you stronger during the most vulnerable parts of the lift. And that fully stretched position and helped prevent injury. All of that shit to say, I'm going to do both versions. The extremely wide dip, not great. I got very little excitement out of that inner low pack. I got some out of the outer and you could probably make a case to do this exercise if you really wanted to target that because we know regional hypertrophy is a thing but I definitely wouldn't try to do it with this exercise. And we do it on this. The amount of activation you get out of your chest on this one is even greater. And it's pretty safe to say that because it's the same way. It's just body weight. I didn't get fat or walking from there to here. The barbell dips are a better exercise. Yes, I tested. Slightly wider than shoulder width is the best. To summarize dips, the best ones rock back and forth. Or just lean forward the entire time. But make sure either when you choose to do a partial range of motion because it can keep you safe in the long run. Extremely wide dips suck. And barbell dips with your hands subtly wider than shoulder width are a solid option. But just know that you're probably bicing towards the outer low pack. So if your inner low pack still looks like dilapidated balls, that's probably why. I probably should explain why I love this thing so much because before this exercise selection was really based upon feel. Or I'd read a case study that somebody else did with the same piece of equipment. But they usually had a different goal in mind. They were testing for strength, their power. I don't know. Maybe they're in a highly competitive softball league. The only thing I care about is hypertrophy. So this is a game changer. It catches the signal. Your central nervous system sends two of those nerve cells in the specific portion of the muscle. You're testing so you can see if you're actually hitting it the way you intend to. You can't control if it actually contracts. But it's safe to assume if it doesn't, you're pretty fucked up. The only thing better than that would be to have your training partner hold your tithy entire workout to make sure it's firing correctly. But there's even a risk there. Your one bad spot away from getting his T-bag stamped on your forehead. Declined dumbbell flies. Which not a lot of people do. I don't know why they're great. If you do, I'm sure you supinate on the way up. It's better in every way. It's like the difference between fruit loops and apple jacks. And if you don't know which one's better, you're an idiot. And the exercise you've probably been waiting for the most cable flies. And I tested every single variation you could think of. Don't believe me. This is the remnants of all the testing. It's a long and boring process. It takes a lot of stimulants to get the real. This is more of the testing. And that's a, that's a jug of piss. So believe me, if you want to target your lower chest and set the cables up nice and high, and follow the actual line of your peck. That's the angle you want to contract down on. You know what is the interesting? Those in the process of testing all these weird angles on the cables at one point, I pulled the handle towards me. And you can even see the weird look on my face because I was shocked at how lit up my lower chest got. Your peck is responsible for a lot of shit. Adduction, internal rotation, extension, and even flexion, which will make your brain hurt if you think about it. But once I saw that, I immediately thought of those classic Arnold pullovers that they used to do, which I stopped doing years ago because some guy convinced me that they didn't actually work your chest. So I set up a decline bench, tested it, and not bad. I could get a piss again. My jug is full. Programs are linked below only 20 bucks, so go unfuck yourself for Christmas.

=== FILE: How Hard Should You Workout To Build Muscle？ (START DOING THIS!) [MY1GWO325DI].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to avoid it's critical to push yourself to failure. Yeah, I probably should have stroking that out a little bit longer and reveal the halfway through the video, but what do you want me to do? Fuck it out. In reality, there's just a lot of one I covered today because I think training to failure and beyond is a lot bigger than just the results you receive in the gym. On top of that, there's a right and wrong way to do it, so we'll go over that. And then if you want to ensure that set your about to do is just going to kick your ass. We'll go over exactly how to set up to ensure that you're just crawling out of the gym. So if you're ready, let's get after. So it wasn't exaggerating when I said that push yourself beyond what you think is possible is bigger than the progress you're going to make in the gym. Because it starts to materialize in other areas of your life, but I should probably start up by trying to convince a person that says, I'm really into training smarter, not harder. And I don't want to run the risk of overtraining. For... I feel like that kind of mentality or sentiment will always lead to less results in the person that just throws her entire self at whatever they're doing. Because I challenge you to overtrain. You know what's going to happen? You're going to grow. I think people assume that overtrain is just this thing that slowly creeps up on you and starts to erode your physique that if you're not paying attention, you'll wake up one morning. They look like you don't even work out. Realty is it's pretty instantaneous. You start to train, you push yourself too hard, you start to feel like crap, and then one Sunday you sleep till noon. You wake up and you're good to go. Back when I used to train people in person, I had this lady I worked with for three years. And she always said, when did you get my husband in here? He would love this. Also he's the most hardcore person you'll ever meet. I was like, alright, sure. We'll see how he does. The day finally comes. He comes rolling up on this green, matte Harley looks disgusting. It's got this devil beard tattoo everywhere. If he went to offer me heroin, I went to bought it. Not because I'm in the market, but he's a great spokesmodel. Turns out he was in undercover cops, so that just came with the gig and he had no heroin to sell me. So he comes in and part of my vetting out processes. I would just floor somebody and whenever a body part they wanted and if they came back, they were client. So he chose arms. I'm like, alright, I could still kick your ass on arms. So I threw everything I possibly could at him. The guy threw up on arm day. How many of you have actually thrown up on an arm day? Dude was phenomenal. And I'll never forget leaving the session. I see him on his motorcycle in the very right lane. Going 10 miles an hour. It's just violently shaking. Dude probably took him an hour to get home. Came back the next day. Loved it. The reason I tell that story is that was one of the fastest and most dramatic transformations I'd ever been a part of. And the underlying reason for that is because he wasn't afraid of overtraining. He embraced it. Are let's go over the right and wrong way to train to failure because I know it sounds crazy. But there is a wrong way to kick your own ass. And I saw this a lot training people in person. They would confuse just doing whatever it took to get to that target number with what I actually wanted them to do. Which is just to get that muscle or trying to target to fail. Because when they try to hit that number, they'd sacrifice form. Their tempo would change. It'd speed it up. And then get every other muscle involved. And they look at me after they're done and just say, how do I do? You did shitty. The most important thing that should be in the forefront of your mind during your entire training is maintaining that my muscle connection. Pushing whatever you're targeting to complete failure and keeping out any supporting muscles or muscle groups from jumping in and trying to take over the movement. Robes extensions are a great way to illustrate that because you can see as people get tired. Everything jumps in. They got traps. You're going to pull in their rear doubts. Their lats start to pull it down. They start dry up in the air. It's just got awful. So whether it's this or any other exercise that closer you get to failure, the shorter the range of motions going to get. It's just inevitable after a certain point. You're unable to complete a full rep. So then you have to make a constant decision. What part of the movement am I actually going to fail in when it comes to this exercise? This people start to fail in that range of motion shortens 99% of the most shift that movement towards the finesse in part of the contraction. And I don't know if that's just because the people need to feel like they go all the way down to actually count the rep. But problem is that position is a lot more conducive to allowing every other muscle to jump in. That's why I'll always advocate for failing at the initial part of the contraction because you'll find in this position. All you can do is flex that tricep. You'll have a hard time getting any sort of other muscle to jump in to actually help you because you're locked in. And all you can do is flex that tricep to get the movement started. And if you can get your tricep to fail in that position, I'm going to get some serious growth. And it really is that simple. Just being more thoughtful during each set and allowing the actual muscle you're trying to target to fail. More often than not as you start to fail. It's easier to maintain that connection as you stay towards the initial part of the contraction. But as you get more advanced and more conscious of what your body's doing, you can purposely stay towards the finishing part of the contraction. So with these, you can take those elbows in and just wrap it out towards the bottom or say you're doing it just to regular press. As you start to fail, you can bust that last one out, say towards the top and just do parcels at the top and really get that muscle to fail. All right, let's finish up. I'm going over a way to ensure that the next set is going to destroy you and push you to complete failure. Now, there's a ton of different methods, right? You have rest paws. You got static holds, but the one I want to go with more detail on is drop sets. And before you say, we know everything about drop sets. Hear me on on this one. Yeah, everybody uses drop sets when it's easy. When you're doing side laterals, you drop the weight, go down when you're doing cables, wins the last time you need a drop set on squats or hack squats or leg press or something that's just got off. What does he make sense? Like deadlifts? Sounds kind of dangerous. But it works. It's funny how quickly we forget I'm guilty of this too about doing drop sets and something that's going to completely suck. And another variation of drops that's a little less utilized and takes a little more foresight is mechanical drops. And they're just as effective, so you can do something like standing dumbbell curls. And as you start to fail with the same weight, tilt a little bit forward because it's easier movement and continue to rip it out. You're going to notice some serious, serious pain. And do me a favor. Think of your own mechanical drop. Make sure it's horrible and tag me in your Instagram story. Here's the video where I talk about one of the most horrible sets you can do with the widow maker. As well as another one of my favorite videos, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after it, get grown. Talk to you soon. Thank you.

=== FILE: How I Grew MASSIVE Shoulders FAST! [np-18tjx9ak].txt ===

All right, today we're training to you guys all that mess about human. Just do like favorite peptide is for growth. Find out, I'll probably the muscle group that have grown the most over the past year. It's also the body part that I've changed the most in terms of how I trained it. Meaning that I've been training them wrong up until this past year. If I had a pinpoint it, I think it's a mix of believing that old adage that you don't need to train your anterior delts because you use them at every pressing movement. That's not true. And that I didn't really have an appreciation or even understanding of the fiber orientation of the heads of the delts. The first thing we're going to talk about is how to warm your shoulders properly. Because every single dude I see at the gym grabs a PVC pipe like this and does pass through his or passes behind the back and goes all the way back, which is something that I used to do. But it seems crazy the more you think about it because we don't want hyper mobility. Maybe if we were dealing with the spine that way you had the added benefit of being able to blow yourself at the end of it. But when you're mobilizing any joint, the goal is to ease any sort of pain or dysfunction and restore the original range of motion. Pulling that bar all the way behind your back, puts a lot of unneeded stress on your labor, your rotator cuff muscles, and it's not a very functional movement. I'm sure somebody in the comments can say, what about pitchers? You're not a major league pitcher. I would bet money. You even suck at softball. You don't need that exaggerated range of motion. Oh look, you can do it. I still use it, but I only take it through the natural scapula or humor rhythm. So take it and go directly above your head, making sure that all the muscles that are supposed to fire and help move your shoulder blades out of the way so you don't have any sort of impingement actually fire. It also allows me to check and see if I slept like an asshole the night before and now I have some weird issue. Basically the same thing you were doing before but don't screw it up and go too far. And then you can start working your hands in, getting a little more activation out of your delts and not worrying about dislocating your shoulder. One of my favorite movements to start out with is the cable side ladder. The fact that you're working against constant tension and its unilateral movement makes it really easy to find that mind muscle connection. I will say that if your gym hasn't Atlantis side ladder, that's the ultimate. You're just going to face it the opposite way that you might think that way you can lead with your pinky, but one handle on your hip. The other hand it goes behind you. It's magical. We're going to mimic that exact movement on here. And I know some people get weird about internally rotating their shoulder and doing a side lateral because they think in pinchment which yeah if I went directly out to the side it's in pinch but I'm going scapular playing sometimes even more than that. Pass that 45 degrees but I'm internally rotating that shoulder so I'm leading with that lateral head. It's significantly better. I attribute all my cap belt progress to this style of movement. Before I would do regular side laterals all day nothing would happen. As you can see it's pretty damn close to me doing a front raise. I'm just positioning my body on a 45 degree angle and then making sure when I pull up my pinky, my elbow and my lateral head lead the way. And most importantly which I see people mess up all the time is only come up as high as your adult can contract. Anything pass parallel your trap has to get involved. Hopefully this shows you the angle which I'm pulling that way you can kind of match it. See if I can do some heavy sets of 10 without screwing this out. Doubt it. Holy shit how did I dress myself? It looks like I'm wearing, it looks like I'm wearing camouflage under ruse. That big aha moment I had and the reason I changed all my shoulder training was after looking at tons of cadavers which is a weird time in my life. What you realize is the only a small percentage of the lateral head actually originates off the side of the delt. Meaning there's only a narrow portion of fibers that are responsible for pulling your arm directly out to the side based upon fiber orientation. What I'm saying is that internally rotating your shoulder and doing side ladders like this will target parts of your delt that you've been neglecting for years. Now some of you might have got the email. Most of you probably not. What I decided to do is cancel the subscription in the app so every program just like before is 20 bucks, one time, never pay again, get access for a and don't go by one now because you're going to screw it my watch time, wait till the end. I had to think about what I would want as a customer and I would always want to only pay one time and never again. Why would I not want that? One of the reasons that I've always loved to brose blit is that you can actually dedicate time to those individual heads of your delt. An entire day dedicated to delt allows you to get two exercises for each heads anywhere from eight to ten sets. That's enough to grow. It's freaking a witch. Another one of my favorite lateral head exercises is the Smith wide grip upright rope. Gotta get out now and do this. Move it. But what do that angle? I was doing these the other day and a kid came out to me and said can you show me how to do that exercise and I said sure, as long as you never do it again after today. It is one of the most difficult exercises to do because you need a lot of internal rotation of your shoulder. I will constantly screw it up if I don't have a mirror to look at which I don't. But if you can do it correctly it allows you to pull the weight and stop the movement right at peak contraction. Yep. Don't try this at your own gym but you'll notice that my Smith machine doesn't have the counterweight. It's better that way. Move five whole pounds. Good job. Bitch. The thing you want to watch out for on these is making sure elbow stays above the bar. Once it starts to drop back you pull it up like this. You've lost. And this is one of the ones that when it gets hard you can flex up nice and slow and still maintain that connection. You don't have to throw the weight around. Just continue to squeeze into that. I don't know how to show you guys all that mess about human. My favorite part is all the dumb people after the fact that came out and said look at I told you he was not. He's a charlatan. You can't trust him. He decided to case study from 1985. Trying not to let somebody's character flawed to track from the fact that they're putting out good stuff into the world. Hell, when I was in sixth grade I dressed up as a rastafarian and my mom helped me put on black face. We all make mistakes. My mom was alcoholic. I tried to film it from an angle. You can watch my elbow to tell me if I'm fucking it out. One more. A little cookie. Ow, fuck. Something like that fucking Chuckie cheese. Don't don't don't don't. I still plan on making that sarm's video but I got sidetracked because I started diving into the science of depression because I think at some point in our lives we've all seen the devil's dick. If you haven't then you probably lived a very privileged life and you're boring. So I'll probably make that video next. One of my go-to raredel exercises recently has been what I would call a rear delt. What the fuck would I call it? A single arm rear delt raised. I no longer do anything for the posterior delt that could involve my mid-trapper rhomboids. So I never come out to the side. I'm trying to do things to keep that arm close to my body which could you run into your lat at that point? Yes, if you screw it up. Just make sure you focus on really lengthening your rear delt as you go into the stretch so pushing your arm away from you and then scooping back. The posterior delt will stop the contraction. Don't go any higher than that. That's it. Nice part about this exercise is it lends itself to going heavy. Somebody asked me other day what my favorite is not comfortable. Somebody asked me the other day what my favorite peptide is for growth. Bullking whatever you want to call. Surprisingly, I've heard nobody talk about this and I don't know why it's a good idea. My answer is semi-glutide. Now before you say that's ridiculous, it has cardio-protective benefits that are unrelated to the weight you lose which obviously is important as you're going up and weight. Probably nice to keep your heart healthy. It enhances insulin secretion but also in several ways it increases insulin sensitivity. So think about that. It's like a long acting insulin light. All you have to do is feel your body with enough carbohydrates in a surplus. Make sure you counteract the appetite suppressant effects with like an MK677 and congratulations you're getting bigger and leaner at the same time. The clinical trials were done with obese people that didn't know how to work out or manipulate their diet in a way to get the best possible result. Also, I wasn't just sitting here for the hell of it. This is the next exercise. I saw a day polomba will do this a long time ago and I loved it. It keeps that same motion. Arm tucked your body and squeezing that rear-belt straight back. To film this exercise in a way that makes sure my chocolate starfish isn't winking at you. All right last but not least, anterior delts. For the past couple months I've been exclusively pressing but making sure again everything I do is anterior delt focus so elbows are tucked. You're going to see when you try this exercise if you haven't done like this before, you're going to naturally want to bow your elbow out and get that side don't involved. Fight that at all costs. You might have to go lighter at first just to train yourself to stay on that path. I bought these dumbbells during the lockdown at some place in Pioria. They're the dirtiest pieces of shit. Hey, oh, no, no, no. Still getting over being sick. Couple sets in 80 because I don't have 75. Good job, you got three. And finishing off with this makeshift biking press. I would rather have an actual one but again, I don't have. It's still good but I need to spend time to buy some more equipment for this gym. I just in the past I would only buy things that I thought most people would have at their gym. But recently I've been training out of here more and more because I realize there's a lot of friendly people out there that want to tell you about their dumb life. And I don't care. Here's the entire workout just in case you want to write it down and try it at home. Second thought, I can just build this out and put it in the app for free. You can just go do it in there because that's probably better than you writing this down in cran and trying to take it with you to the gym and fucking lose. And again, all programs are now and forever only 20 bucks and you keep them forever. There's four brand new ones, a ppl, a garage, a back-by-science and a new full gym. No more subscriptions because it's the right thing to do.

=== FILE: How Many Days Per Week Should You Workout？ (MORE THAN YOU THINK!) [dJ6mKE6UDvg].txt ===

All right, today we're going over the optimal number of days to train during the week. Now this is strictly based on experience. Your just could be different, but I know for a fact I'm gonna need a whiteboard illustrate this. Trick is not to draw to me, flash the things on it. Let's get after it. How you can see? Still got a lot of shit in here. How you can see? Still got a lot of shit in here. How you can see? Now obviously they're gonna make some cool little graphics and after effects, but I feel like every time I do that, it ends up looking kind of cheesy. And since every other fitness YouTuber has some sort of whiteboard video or they color themselves with a marker, I figured why not show off my third grade level penmanship. So I have the bare minimum of this chart of three times a week. Because honestly, if you're training less than three times a week, I have no idea what you're doing. I mean, I guess you can train all upper body one day and all lower the next, but I feel like if I did that, I would just train two days in a row and then sit around and wait for five days. If you feel like you're that busy and your goals just get everything in in two days, then congratulations. You just found a way to train just enough, just still look like shit. And in the extreme high end, we got two days. Which I've done, but you got maybe a week or two at the most because either you end up dreading the gym or you end up physically making yourself sick because it's just too much for your body to handle. Now you can definitely get results training three times a week. I've done it. I liked it, but there's a huge flaw. And that's the split you have to have. It ends up being something like chess shoulders, triceps one day, back biceps abs the other, a full leg day, quad, tams, calves, glutes. It ends up being a grueling workout each time, hour and a half long. And to keep up that intensity for an hour and a half, it's damn near impossible. So it's inevitable that somebody parts get neglected. I think the sweet spot is five or six days. Really depends on your priorities. Right now, there's a couple of things that prioritize my training. One being that I wanna wake up one day and have an old flat wide ass. So I split up my quads and hands and hit glutes on both of those days. Another thing that's important to me is I want my workouts to be fast. When I have as much intensity as possible for 30, 40 minutes top. So a six day week split is perfect one to body parts max and then I'm out. So yeah, at the end of the day, you're gonna do some sort of bros split and I know people don't wanna hear that. I think it's our cake and they wanna do some sort of push pull legs. They hope that's the best way to train, but just like anything in life. Nuring down your focus to one or two things, it's gonna get you better results. And don't even get me started on five times a week full body because if you train your legs the way you're supposed to, five times a week, you'd probably die. I just trained quads a day and went home and took a nap like I was six. God, that handwriting is disgusting. What the fuck is that? And just because I know I'm gonna get questions on my specific training split and there's no possible way you can read this. Each one of these have their own day. Just shoulders, arms, back, quads, calves, glutes, ham, calves, glutes, and then I sprinkle in abs and forearms here and there. At the end of the day, you gotta figure out what body parts you wanna prioritizing your split, but always feel that five or six days is gonna yield you the best results. It's gonna shorten the amount of time you're actually in the gym and you can destroy yourself each workout. One more thing before I go. You didn't think I was gonna get through this whole thing without drawing a gun here, did you? Here's a link to a video where I go with my previous training split, as well as another one of my favorites. Make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How Much Cardio Should You Do To Lose Fat？ (LESS THAN YOU THINK!) [ILxJ6PPxYoM].txt ===

In 17 weeks, my weight went from 2.17 to 2.30. Not that significant. Cool part though is body fat percentage, stayed exactly the same. So the question is, how much cardio should you be doing the lose weight? Maybe I'll show you these little shits and light. This is my treadmill. Since I've had it, I've used it 15 whole minutes. And it was awful. Maybe you're thinking of more of a high intensity guy, but as you can tell by the random shoe and the dog toy, this doesn't get used. Maybe because I live in Arizona and you think I love to hike, kind of sick, if you think I am. Couple of quick notes. First, I use an embodied scanner to track my progress, which claims to be the most accurate, but common sense will tell you otherwise. And then you start digging through their FAQs and you realize they're margin for errors 2% body fat. Really I'm just using it to give me a ballpark. I can be anywhere from 10.6 to 6.6, not 6.6, but it just gives me an rough estimate of where I'm at. And the second thing is, I hate to use myself as an example. I think it takes a special kind of asshole to make a video just solely around themselves. But I needed some sort of evidence to prove my point. And that is the only way to build a sustainable program centered around fat loss is not relying on cardio to get your results. I used to see this a lot with competitors, just horror stories and previous coaches who didn't know how to manipulate the diet or break through plateau is all they could do is just up the stimulants up the cardio. By the time the show came their eating thermogenics like Tic Tac and they're doing two hours of cardio a day, having to sit down to pee, which wouldn't be a bad thing if these weren't all men. Don't get me wrong. Cardio is incredibly important, just as far as cardiovascular health, but also as a tool to break through any plateau. But when you make it the foundation of your program, what happens when you hit that sticking point? First thing that comes to mind is, I'll just up the cardio. And yeah, you'll get results for a period of time, but that's not sustainable. To continually make progress, you gotta play the long game. And that's figuring out how to get results with just diet and your training alone. Cool story, bro. How does that help me? Here's a good starting point. Take your BMR, times it by the Harris Benedict formula. Now obviously this is on the low end. I'm not that inactive, but for me and most people have worked with, this is usually the sweet spot. That formula will give you the calorie deficit you need to get results. And then if you feel yourself stalling or you start sticking at a certain body fat percentage, you can pull out some cardio, but not for long. One, two, three days, whatever takes you to get you over that hump. And then once you do, pull it out again. And my experience, your body just needs a little nudge. And once it gets it, you're back to making progress. If your program is centered around cardio, you gotta continuously increase it. You get diminishing returns. And over time, you're just lighter in general. So it's not gonna burn as many calories. At that point, you're gonna be back to square one. You're not gonna be the deficit anymore. If you've been to this video, I did on muscle building and diet tips. Also another one of my favorites. Make sure most importantly, like, subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How ONE Exercise Can Build Muscle FASTER (NOT WHAT YOU THINK!) [xG6D7wslxwo].txt ===

I'm hoping to click on this thing and I'm just going to show you a single exercise that was going to magically transform your body and simultaneously make all your exes die a little bit inside because that's not what this is today we're doubling down on the things that hurt you the most. Let me explain let me lay it out this way exercises are like kids. I have a friend who has two kids. One of them is basically perfect the other one. We'll refuse to eat their vegetables and then 10 minutes later he'll find him in the backyard eating rocks and he's told me he constantly wonders if that one even has a soul. What I'm trying to say is exercises and kids not created equally. So even though you say that you don't have a favorite we know there's certain exercises based on your bio mechanics or your overall shitty form that you just can't quite get that connection. But because the experts say that they should be the foundation of your training you continue to force yourself to do them. And then there's others where you have to think about it. You can crank your music drift away and think about big titty bitches and look down and realize the pump is so extreme that looks how your arms are about to explode. That's what this is about figuring out what exercises you have a great connection with for each body part and then exploiting the shit out of them because my argument is assuming you're hitting the same body part. Would you rather hit three exercises one of which you have a great connection to the other two not so much or hitting one exercise and doing three different variations. All of which kick your ass equally as much and this sprung from a conversation I have with my wife who like all women wants a bigger ass and my wife and I agree and I assume us as a community can also agree that we're more than happy to pay for tits all day but fake asses are unacceptable. You have to build those glutes. So I started running through all the exercises. You connect with reverse lunges not so much hip thrust kind of abductor machine. A little bit. Sumo dance she said yes. I said okay perfect. That's the one I want you to forget all the other ones and just focus on doing different variations of sumo deadlifts and don't think of the same exercise think of a musically different movement. So trying to increase that metabolic stress by doing really high rap sets and and then at times really increased amount of tension on that muscle by progressively overloading but. Also change the form change your foot placement do complete pause sets do a slow negative and an explosive positive and now instead of catching across a gym pissing on a fire hydrant she's taking a single exercise that she loves and really connects with. And turn it into one hell of a workout and if you're sitting there thinking this doesn't apply to me I'm not trying to grow my glutes my wife loves the fact that my ass looks like two ziplock bags of thanksgiving gravy. You can apply this to anybody part just confiscate the rope for a half hour and the beauty of that is you're not sacrificing anything because you're hitting that rope at different heights it's going effectively hit all three heads. Now I'm not saying you shouldn't master a re-exercise I think there's real value in trying to figure out why you don't connect with or see results from a certain movements I just don't think you should waste your precious workout time doing it I would throw the exercise you don't quite connect with at the end of your session see what tweaks you can make and really hit that targeted muscle one exercise and know that ruins me every time. Is this hack squat so I know if I put a sign on here that says mine and I spend the next 30 minutes just hitting with a different tempo changing the place my feet doing drop sets. I'll walk away from this thing with my legs having been properly abused moral the story just. Figured really pitch a tent literally pitch a tent people stay away from you if you're rocking a huge bar and do the things you already know you connect with if you don't know what you connect with. That's where the $20 garage program comes in I'll link that below and people pass about when the next one's coming out the full gym program. Give me a couple weeks I like to take my sweet ass time because I want to make the videos. Just as valuable if not more of noxious jokes and if you need help with your diet I've watched this video next also another one my favorites but most 40 subscribe hit that notification bell and get after you get growing.

=== FILE: How TO GUARANTEE Muscle Growth From EVERY Workout! [WSJD3zLZUVA].txt ===

You ever wonder why sometimes when you go to the gym, you work out certain phenomena. Other times, no matter what you do, just not very good. There's a reason for that. It's because you're trying to keep your powder dry. Let me explain. So this is a typical workout for most people. On the X-axis, we got time, why we got intensity. Now, most, like the ease into the workout. So that one or two exercises where they really just warm up, get themselves in the mental state, the hurt themselves, and then they'll start adding in exercises that are more physically demanding, that really crank up the intensity, whether you like it or not. And then finish off with as much intensity as possible, but you can only maintain that for so long. So if this was a leg day, be something like a lying leg curl, leg extension, then we get into the hacksquat, squats, and then probably finish off with the walking lunges. But this is where you're screwing yourself. And what I meant by trying to keep your powder dry, because if you don't develop a connection here, you're not going to have it for those really intense sets. And this way of structureing your workouts also lends itself to a lot of half-assing, because let's face it. Those first couple exercises are glorified warm-up sets. So if you don't bring it on the more physically demanding ones, you've just wasted your life. There's obviously a better way. Just set the figure out what I'm in name at first. Now, this is the way to structure workouts. The guarantees you're going to have a connection throughout, you're not going to be able to half-ass it. Most importantly, you're going to grow. After you're good warmed up, you're going to attack that first exercise. I want your mindset to be able to push myself so hard in that initial movement that I'm forced to use less weight with every single one after. Your goal should be to get in a fight with somebody's grandma for those colorful dumbbells. And this isn't just some new thing I'm pulling out of my ass. Anybody's ever taken one of my programs? Probably had some horrible flashback and immediately got IBS, but also realized, well, that's why I always get my ass kicked from his workouts, because we go from zero to 100 from the start. But I'm not saying just reorganize your workouts and push them more intense stuff to the beginning. That's not going to fix it. Whatever exercise you're going to start to work out with, keep it. Just figure out what the most intense version of that exercise is. You'll know because you'll walk away thinking, how on the hell am I going to do the rest of this workout? Say we stay with the late day example. When you started out with a lying leg curl or a cd leg extension, how could you structure those sets in a way that guarantees you turned into a baby giraffe? Could be ascending and descending dropsets? Could be an incredibly slow 10 second positive 10 second negative? Or just ridiculously high reps? It's on you to figure it out. I'm not going to figure out for you. That's what the $20 courses for you dick. Now the reason this is so important, white work. So well as we're starting the workout by pushing as much blood into that muscle as possible, and your pump is directly correlated to your mind muscle connection. Just think back to the last time you trained calves and you did a cd calf raise and destroyed yourself on it. You pushed so much blood into those that when you went to walk to the next machine, every step felt like a contraction to the point it was so painful. I felt like you're going to tear something. You didn't even have a choice. You were connected to them. That's exactly what we're trying to do with every single body part as quickly as possible in the workout. I can't tell if that looks cooler, it's pissing me off. Now the way you start your workout going zero to 100 could look different for each body part. I get so many messages from people saying, I don't know, can I put my shoulders or I thought I did, but I woke up, they're not sore. Try this. Grab some 10 pound dumbbells and don't put them down for 10 minutes. Start with parcels at the top. And as you start to fail, just keep going until you can't get any more, then throw up some full-side ladd rolls from there, do some anterior deltfocus around the world and then some posterior deltfocus or reverse it, tilt forward, do rotations until you get to that full 10 minutes or you can't move. Then from there, you're ready to start your workout. Good luck. Now there is one issue you're going to run into when you're training like this and that your ego's going to take a hit. If you're used to squat in 225 and you crush yourself from the starter workouts by the time you get to squats, it'll be lucky if you can do 135 reps. Which is fine. I know some people freak out and think, well, I'm not, my weight's not going up. I'm not going to grow. Your body has no idea how much weight you're lifting. It just knows that there's stress put on it so it needs to adapt, it needs to grow. It doesn't think, well, Johnny squatted 230 today instead of 225. So he deserves a little more muscle. It actually doesn't give a fuck how much a little Johnny squatted. And I'd argue in terms of longevity and overall results, the best thing you do is making incredibly lightweight feel ridiculously heavy. That's going to give you a better connection which is going to lead to more growth. If you need help and you need somebody to drag you through the mud as a first couple workouts, so you really understand how to do this, on length programs below. Again, each one of them, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. If you haven't watched these two videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. Okay.

=== FILE: How To Build A HUGE CHEST (STOP DOING THIS!) [jDpKzlQX8CM].txt ===

I don't know about you, but I definitely want to start this year off with some bigger man-made plus, too, because even if you take measurements of your chest, you realize it's symmetrical, but it just doesn't quite look right. That's because chest is one of those muscles that really benefits the overall look of your physique when it's overdeveloped. We're going to start off by going over a critical mistake I was making recently. If I want to continue, those workouts would have been a complete waste. On top of that, go over some other exercises. You're going to really connect with, but most importantly, put some size on those chest ankles. Let's get after it. So, the reason I want to start with a mistake I've been making is just in case you're doing the same thing because it's an easy one to make, especially because when you're training chest, you get everything working against you. Think about all the machines you have at your gym. Or if you don't have access, think about a golden age when you did have access to the gym, and all the different chest training machines they have. They're broken down in two different ways. Either they're flare up up too high, then it's up being an anterior adult movement, or they shove it into close and your triceps, if they're decent, will eat up the entire movement. Think this doesn't apply to me. I'm stuck at home. I've got no friends. It's just me, my barbell, and a couple of dumbbells. It still does because chest is one of those weird anomalies that when things get hard, it does the opposite. Typically when things get difficult, your body will close in and try to protect itself. For instance, if you're ever taking a buddy of the gym who has no experience whatsoever, when you get them on the squat rack, even if it's lightweight, he's going to be fighting that urge to go into the fetal position the entire time. But with chest, it does the opposite. When things get hard, that elbow goes up even more, and that's where the problem is. Because in this position, you can still activate that chest. You might even walk out the gym thinking, I killed it, not realizing that you're disappointing your entire family. Do me a favor, just you know I'm not blowing smoke, raise that elbow up, parallel to floor, and try to flex your chest. You'll notice there's a contraction, but a weak one. Now do that same thing and drop your elbow down, you'll see you have a better mind muscle connection, it's easier to flex, it's just better overall. You probably shouldn't have been in, wow, my dream of being called on stage to pop my pecks that a Taylor Swift concert might actually come true. So let's first start out by going over how to get the strongest contraction under your barbell movements. This isn't for somebody getting ready for the combine who wants to lift a house. This is merely for somebody who wants to get as much activation and growth that a chest is possible. So start up by walking those shoulder blades in, push that chest nice and tall. And if you look from the side, you'll notice those elbows are dropped, but also the bar path is going to change. Because you're falling the path that allows you to contract that chest the most, which means those elbows are going to slightly come in. And yeah, it's going to limit that range of motion. It's going to feel awkward at first, but I promise you'll be connected to a barbell press like you've never been before. And now we can take that same concept over to dumbbells and really f*****ing shoot up. Because now we're not limited by horizontal movement, but also you can rotate that wrist, change the angle of your wrist, and wrap that arm around your body in a way that's going to contract that chest, like nothing else. An almost breaks your tier to your eye. You might find it just being consciously aware where your elbows are throughout the movement and making sure you're getting the best possible contraction is good enough in improvement for your dumbbell presses. Or you can be a greedy, horrible person like myself and think, how can I get more? And for me, sometimes it's just as simple as rotating those wrists in the way up. It allows me to drive those elbows closer to my body to contract that chest even harder. The increased intensity of the contraction you get on that last exercise just by simply bringing those elbows in, make you realize how inherently great coffin presses are, especially when you use two dumbbells. Because if you do it correctly, it prompts you to drive those elbows in as you drive up. If you've been sitting there thinking this is all great, but I'm going to have a bench to use fear not in my friend of Sequoines because this next one's for you. We're going to do coffin presses and you're going to start up by leaning back against something and doing five reps. And then you're going to tilt back slightly further and do five more reps and continue that until you're perfectly parallel with the floor. The idea here is obviously coffin presses, starting to enter part of your chest. But now we're targeting from the top, all the way down to that lower part of your back. If you liked this video, you'll love this other one I did on chest. Also just another one of my favorites. Make sure you subscribe, hit the notification bell, share it with your grandma. I'm sure she'd be glad to know that you figured out that she's disappointed in you. And most importantly, get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Build A THICKER More Muscular Physique Fast (STOP NEGLECTING THESE!) [vkwaalRCxGM].txt ===

I guarantee you've seen this phenomenon before. Either the jammer, maybe another YouTuber, I don't know. But you see some guy who's ripped, but he's also the size of a 10 year old. He's got muscle, but at any moment he can get punked out his machine by some old C-niolady. So we're gonna go over how that happens and more importantly, how to fix it. Let's get after it. The Gold Flavor. Gold Flavor. The other thing is it kinda tastes like a two. And because I know I'm gonna get the inevitable, that before and after in the thumbnail, doesn't look real. That's because it's not. That's what you have to do to get the click. And I don't know what kind of social path you think I am, but I don't have a bunch of half naked pictures of myself stored up my phone to use for before and afters. I'm married. That's a single man's game. Understand why you would think that because I remember what that life's like. You swipe, you connect with somebody right away. They ask you how your day's going. You think this is a perfect opportunity to send a picture of my junk. Instead of taking the time to fluff and hit that perfect angle, you just scroll through the 75 other pictures you have of your twig and berries that you sent to other women. And you send one of those, but I don't have that kind of catalog. So it's Photoshop and the liquify tool. Here's another thing that'll blow your mind. That big fucking red arrow. We're not really either. So how does this rampant plague of manchows when come to pass? Well, simply put comes from a lack of thickness. From the front, they look pretty decent, but you turn to the side and they all but disappear. And to me, true muscular development comes from now on shoulder to shoulder, but more importantly, front to back. How do you get that? By focusing more on these four body parts. Can you tell how hard you get on a load of the rings, marathon? Number one, rear delts. It's going to really round out those shoulders, cap off those delts and give that upper body 3D look from the side. And we've gone over a ton of different posterior delts exercises. So you have the tools. And if you don't have a connection, start with a partial range of motion and then work into full. So for instance, on this rear delts fly, start with the parcels at the top or the bottom, whatever you connect with more, and then working into that full range of motion. If you really have a hard time, start with unilateral work. But for most people, that's still not going to work because they're going to try to tack on one exercise at the end of their shoulder day. And that's not going to cut it. When you're training those delts, you have to hit all those heads equally. So a third of your time should be spent hitting that rear delts unless they're really bad. And then I would make that your primary focus. The next important muscle to build overall thickness is actually a certain part of your lats. And this is some I'll argue with people about telling blue and the face because you can 100% put more emphasis and stress on a certain part of the muscle based on the exercise selection, the formulae use and how you can track up. Don't believe me. Fuck you. Watch. If you've ever done cable pullovers, then you woke up the next morning and thought, holy shit, I'm sore all the way into my armpit. And that's because that exercise really calls on you to stretch and can track right the insertion point of that lat. So how do we drive that contraction lower down towards where they originate? Because most people are just lats in a butt crack. One of my favorite ways is grabbing dumbbells and doing bent over rows by adding flexion and extension to really drive that contraction lower into those lats. Your lower backs perfectly say if you're not moving it, but you're flexing forward with that upper and mid back. And as you contract up, you extend. It's really going to drive that contraction right down where those lats originate. And if you do these and don't think, well, I guess you can dictate where the contraction happens. Your full is shit. The next important muscle to focus on to build thickness is glutes. You want big thick, 3D looking legs from the side. You got to build bigger glutes. You can't be walking around with silver dollar ass cheeks. How do you fix it? Easy. Stop avoiding the great machine you have at your gym. I'm sure you have a booty builder or a glute drive you've never used before or one of my favorites. I call the vagina terrorist it. When you use for adduction, most of them you can flip around and use for abduction as well. And if those two are too much for you, then just throw in your short shorts to give you football practice and do sumo dads. Sumos are actually one of my favorites. I want to make an entire video on those because there's things you could do to tweak your form to get even more out of them. So if you want to see that comment below. Have you noticed the theme here? Most of those guys that suffer from man childitis just avoid training body parts they can't admire in the mirror. Because it's tough to flex your glutes without your chode season up on you. So let's take a second to really appreciate the women that spend hours trying to get that perfect butt shot. You are appreciated. Which brings us to number four in the list, hamstrings. And this is one that you really can't show off. More importantly, should never show off. But it's vital nonetheless because if you turn the side and have no hamstrings, you look ridiculous. And the best advice I can give you on these is if your hamstrings really suck. As much as I love stiff legs, I would focus on exercises that allow you to build that connection. So line leg curls, seated leg curl. Once it allows you to fully flex that hamstring. And tell you get into ones that most people mess up like stiff legs. So what do we learn here today? Well, turns out there's actually a shill in a muscles on the backside of your body. And if you don't train those, you're going to look like a very muscular third grader. And if you need help training said muscles, I'll leave a link to the full and the garage program in the description. It really just depends on what you've access to. Both of them almost killed me. And if you just need some ideas for exercises, I'll leave a shoulder and a glute video here. But most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Don't you assume.

=== FILE: How To Build BIGGER ARMS FASTER ! (30 DAY PROGRAM) [-KSKuQNdmYY].txt ===

Today is going to be a little different because the full gym program comes out in two weeks and I thought When I get people a little preview and see if they actually want to hurt themselves this bad So here's day one and it's one hell of an arm day if you're ready It's good after it we're starting off with arm day and you guys know how I like to theme my week So this one's going to be f*** from the start because You'll see why all right we're starting off with rope extensions and I want you pick away You can roughly do about 30 reps with once you fail You're not going to rest because we're going to turn this to a rest pause all the way to a hundred So get about 30 fail hold the stretch position take five deep breaths keep going probably get about 20 same thing failed do it again probably get 10 then eight then six and it's going to be a miserable ending I don't want you to focus on tucking those elbows into your stomach keeping that form nice and tight And don't worry about turning those wrists out we'll hit that lateral head soon enough But really just getting that tricep to fail not your traps So when it comes to training arms we're definitely going to be doing a lot of cables because to me It's one of the most effective ways to train him But we're also not going to sit in front of the machine and hog it the whole time and that's not because we're not assholes We don't care about that it's just there's a lot of other effective exercises with dumbbells and barbells and that would get boring So we're going to set up at a 45 degree angle grabbing two dumbbells and doing an inclined skull crusher I want you really focus on the actual movement of your wrist so as you go back and stretch Force that dumbbell towards your shoulder as you come up you flex at rest as you come up But don't lock it all the way out keep that tension and then once you fail you're going to sit up Press those dumbbells together and do a seated French press And I want you to focus on the initial part of the contraction so full stretch half way up And if you did that first exercise correctly you shouldn't have to change weight It should be the perfect amount to kick your ass on both of these Oh look we're back at the cables all right now We're going to really attack that lateral head by doing a compound set with a cable for inch press Bring it all the way to the top leading slightly forward and do an overhead extension and the two biggest notes on these It makes you opponent that hand as you come up or turn that shoulder in whatever physiological trigger You need to tell yourself not to screw these up and second thing is we're doing a full range of motion So full stretch all the way up. I might stop a little short a lock out But I don't know until I start to do these whatever gives me the best connection So same for you if you lock it out and you feel better do that if you stop a little short and that gives you a better connection do that We're going to finish off those triceps with a close grip bench and we're going to put on a weight We can do about 20 reps with and slow it to a crawl five count negative five count positive and what are you Access to a regular Olympic bench or just an adjustable one like I do inside a rack You still want to sit in it backwards because you're gonna fail That's the goal so at that last rep be able to just chuck that weight off of you and rack it We'll save your life You This is our days rough but you're gonna have one person quit on day one last course had somebody buy it watch all the videos and an email me and say This isn't what I thought I was gonna be what do you think I was gonna tell you to twist your nipples a certain way and you're gonna start to grow That's works You can try so because we don't want your biceps to fill left out and the theme of the day is Fuck from the start where throw a straight bar in the cable machine and do the same exact thing shooting for 30 reps Don't let go 5 deep breaths and just wrap it out good luck So I tried to equip this place with stuff that everybody's gonna have their local curves So there really is no excuse for the next one we're using the preacher curl bench But we're gonna hop on the opposite side shove those elbows against grab a nice close grip push that to failure Then you're gonna hop around the opposite side take a wider grip and go right into drag curls All we got two more exercises to go, but if you don't feel like you got your money's worth in a molested kind of way Then you're doing it wrong. So grab your easy bar. We're gonna go with the overhand grip close We're doing reverse grip curls make sure you really flex that wrist on the way up and then once you fail flip it over stay nice and close Rep it out regular curls So just like we did for triceps We're gonna end biceps with a five count negative five count positive disgusting exercise And we're doing it on incline curl so make sure you keep that shoulder back and out of it the arm and a fix position And just try to slowly squeeze and pop that thing one more quick note We're doing this on a pretty extreme angle so pass that typical 45 degree angle with a bench So put it back 30 35 degrees whatever your bench has You'll know you're on the right track when it just feels awkward and uncomfortable But your arms away back behind your shoulder and you're not gonna be able to use much weight You Let me end this first day by saying I'm glad you're here anybody who goes through this can see why this works because You got to be a pretty sick individual and I still don't know logistics of this But it would be nice after everybody's gone through it get together as a community I vote for the spirit right on Vegas my wife so sweet she make us a little goody bags Here's your good after you're getting growing T shirt Here's your lifting straps here's some purel because you never know where their butt holes have been So if that's the kind of pain you're in to I'll leave a link below where you can drop your email and I'll let you know right when the program comes out If there's any cheap bastards watching this don't worry I got you covered I'll throw an extra arm day in there that way you feel like you got your money's worth and if you need help with your diet And watch this video next also another my favorites, but most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after a get growing Dr. You soon

=== FILE: How To Build BIGGER FOREARMS (6 INTENSE EXERCISES!) [qvX0HM2l1jw].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting forums and it is a tough group to hit because there's so many individual muscles and they work in so many different ways. You got everything from flexion, extension, pronation, supination, adduction, abduction and on top of that when you get those fingers involved, it's a totally different moment. For instance, not that you would ever because you look like a total creep, but you're going to get different muscles involved when you flex that wrist. And then when you get those fingers involved, think I'm too close. It's grossing me out. So I'm going to show you how to train them as distinctly as possible because the last thing you want to do is sit in the gym for two hours training forums. Which brings me to the second biggest issue. At this point of my life, I have very little f***s left to give. I even made a shirt that says that, so I don't have to. But even I don't like to go to the gym just to train forums because it's inevitable. You're going to run into that guy to ask you, hey man, what are you training? You're going to kill legs again and you have to look him dead in the eyes and say, forums. Let's get out of our own way and make it a priority because it's a very important group of muscles to hit. But make sure you keep your head down the entire time. The moment you look up and make eye contact with somebody, your workout's done. You have to leave. So the thing I found that works best for forums is by starting off with the exercise that pushes as much blood as possible in the shortest amount of time. That'll ensure that whatever exercise you do after that, you have a great connection to. And for me, hitting those extensors and flexors by rolling that bar in your hand is where it's at. And the reason I like these is because you have to actually fight that tilt so you get a little more activation that way. But also you can adjust the hardness by changing the angle of your arms. Also side note, that's not a tear. Although, it could be. I rest can rehab aggressive pits for local rescue here. And two, I've got into the other day and I tried to pull them apart. What have I punched me with this teeth? And then from there, I'll go right into direct extension and flexion work. Same idea though, pushing it to failure and then switch back and forth. Good luck. So to hit that breakout radio, that chunky bastard on top, a lot of people like reverse curls, which are great, but my favorite way is a single handle reverse curl on the cables. The reason for that is because we're able to hit that muscle, but also muscles involved in radial deviation because we're going to change the form of my knees. Instead of just doing reverse curls, we're going to stop that motion about halfway, get a little more flexion with that wrist and then extend it up and then flex it through. Stop it about halfway, flexing it down, extending it through. So you get more muscles that form involved. And yeah, you're going to get some bicep to jump in and try to take it over. But you're definitely able to work that form and get it to fatigue and fail. Way before the bicep does. Now, if you do feel like those muscles are responsible for radial deviation or weak, you can actually do it the right way, put the rope on there and hit them. But I feel like that last exercise usually gets the job done for most people. But since I'm always usually just here right after that, I'll just bring the rope up and actually hit some older deviation because it's hard to mimic it with anything else. I mean, you can grab a dumbbell and do some weird exercise, but never works right. So hitting the cable, locking that tricep in position and just flexing straight down, is the best way I've found. Our room was through complete forearm workout. Now we're going to do is get something for pronation and supination, as well as something to get those fingers involved and tax that grip. We're going to knock them out with supersets, start out by rotating that wrist with dumbbells and then right into a static plate hole. I've seen people grab a lighter dumbbell because you have to work harder at certain ends in the movement, but I feel like it's less of a contraction and more of it, oh shit, I think it's the extreme ends. I rather just grab a heavier dumbbell and kind of work through the entire movement, nice and slow and contract my way through. Also, I went and got a dexus scan this week because I've been doing this long enough, and I know I'm not 8.6. The guy was great. He basically sat me down the way parents do when they're telling their kids are getting a divorce, said, sorry bud, you're a jumbo. You want to immediately ruin your day, start off with a body fat test. All right, well, it's going to be slightly... These are your top line numbers, so the body fat percentage to 0.6%. Chambo, Chubby, Dumbo. So if your inner is on, I'll leave the information below because it's always nice to have somebody tell you exactly how fat you are. Also, I got a favorite ask. I actually hired somebody to set up a merge door, so leave all your favorites, sayings below in the comments, and we'll make it into a shirt or sweater. Here's the link to one of my favorite arm videos, also just another one of my favorites in general. And make sure most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and as always, get after get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Build BIGGER Shoulders (3 GROWTH HACKS!) [MrsWy-MSXG8].txt ===

All right, today we're going over how to circumcise. Now, maybe next time. All right, today we're going over three things you should do during every single shoulder workout to build even more muscle because there's levels to this shit. Let's get after it. You know what I love about this? There's been almost a million people that raise their hand and self-identified to say, I'm just as messed up as you. Yeah, there's the case on one's a pop-on and say, your videos are littered with jokes. You're not funny. You're an asshole to them. Probably very true. But for the ones who get it, they recognize that a lot of times, I'm not telling jokes. I'm just sharing the most disgusting parts about being human being. The things that most people try to hide, I lean into it. For instance, I'm sure you've been in the bathroom, tugging away, looked up and made eye contact with the most disturbing version of yourself and thought, that's what I look like. That's what I'm offering the opposite sex. No wonder it took me so long to lose my virginity. My wife is sick. But as you quickly have heard of your eyes, you've got a glimpse of your shoulders and thought, well, let's look pretty good. Wish they could always look like that. That's what today's video is about. Alright, number one, the first thing you can do to ensure you're building even more muscle from your shoulder workouts is understanding that there's always a better way to kick your own ass. Specifically, no matter what exercise you're doing, there's always a more intense variation that you probably should be doing. Now to explain this, I need some sort of scale that I can show you the differences and I don't like amateur pro elite that's ridiculous. And I've used Dragon Ball Z and Doom in the past. So if you've seen the movie waiting, this will make sense. If not, go watch it and come back. If you're in the program, you know, I love bus drivers because they're incredibly difficult. They're also hard to screw up and they're humiliating, so that's wonderful. Now, if you've never done them before, you want to start at that flash and go level, which is three, four sets, 20 reps each, adequate rest in between, and that will be a rude awakening because there's very few exercises that push that much blood. But when you're ready to level up to the brain, you're going to limit the rest, increase the reps and treat like a rest pause. Because whenever you collapse time, you always subsequently make it more intense, but it can get even worse. Just by taking that supporting hand off the bottom of the plate, just for a second, we'll level you up to the bat wings. What's the go at you ask? Well, I'll do an every single rep with a front raise. That's the go. The second thing you can do to ensure you get even more growth from your shoulder, is understanding that sometimes you're going to look like an asshole, because good forms should be more centered around what you connect with, unless worrying about what everybody else thinks. I don't know if I've said this before, but I can't overstay it. Don't be afraid to do weird shit. So often do I see people that you have to do in the same exercise over and over, and you know they don't have a great connection to it, because they have more blood in their face than they're doing their dealt. So, don't be afraid to experiment. And you can do this in several ways. One of my favorites is using machines in correctly, because people don't know what to do. You obviously look like you know what you're doing, but at the same time you don't, blows their fucking minds. One of my favorites is on the machine side lateral, instead of just doing the typical way, turn sideways, do one arm in a time, and hit that anterior and that lateral head. It's a great exercise. Fucks of the people's heads. But this even applies to the way you do your dumbbell side lateral. Because if you study people with really great shoulders, you're going to notice, they all do their lateral raises differently. Some people have a straight arm. Some people pull up like a wide grip up right row. Some people pretend like they're in a machine fly. Now, if I saw that last one on the other side, I'd wait around the corner of the bathroom holding the brain, so I can give two kicks. But as I've gotten older, I realize it all works. Oftentimes, I'll change the way I do them on a weekly basis. I just test each one of them and see what I connect with. And that's what I do. Even these fucking things. And the third thing you could do to ensure you could even more growth from your shoulder workouts is by starting your workouts with something that could potentially ruin your workout. Sounds kind of productive, but your shoulders are so resilient. They could take a beating that starting with a static hold out to the side for five minutes straight or doing 10, says a 10, a quick side lateral is a little rest in between. It's just going to push so much blood in those delts that no matter what you do after, you're going to have a great connection to. And you just have to get over the mental battle of holy shit. Now I have to start my workout. I feel like I'm going to die. Once you get past that, it's going to be a great workout and you're going to grow more. Once you get past that. So if you want to see what it's like to die from overdosing on bus drivers, I'll leave a link to the full gym program and the garage one in the description. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. If you happen to be cheap, here's a couple of shoulder videos that help you get started. And then you could figure out how to still 20 bucks for your mom's purse. But we'll get there. Most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Build MORE MUSCLE...(GROWTH GUARANTEED!) [NjQ8FhrAnkA].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to have a structure workouts in a way that guarantees you grow from them. And then they end up going with more detail about specific things I do because that's the reason for creating the app. I want to upload these workouts that are just disgustingly intense that no sane human being would put themselves through that way you can check training off the list and know that if you're not getting results that's not the reason why. Now, if the rest of your day is dominated by Taco Bell, cocaine and hookers, yeah your results are going to be dismal but that's a completely different video. Let's get after it. Never been a trainer which is likely based on people that watch this channel either you were in the past or you are now. Then you know that you always have this bag of tricks, those breaking case of emergency exercises that you can just pull out of your ass and ensure that your client gets a phenomenal workout no matter how much they've had it. And man, do they fight it? We've all had clients that are almost in tears just freaking out. I can't go any lower my hips or two tight, my legs going numb, I think I broke my back. And you're just looking at them like you haven't even unwrapped the weight yet. So you know going in with a client like that, you're going to have to pull out one of those exercises and make them do it in a way that they can't have fast, like locking them into a machine like a hack squat and only counting the reps where they touch the bottom. Or you make them sit in the pain of an exercise and hold a contraction for three seconds at the top or even like the 100 reps squat challenge. That's so hard that I'm going to give you a shit if you have fast and quarter rep every squat. It's still going to suck and you're still going to make progress. And it was awesome to see how many people tag me in a post or sent me a video of them attempting that 100 reps squat challenge. One guy even started a live stream which I soon needed it just to give him the strength to try to get all 100 but since he still faced down in the same spot he was when he passed out about halfway through. Save to say it didn't make it. The reason I bring that up is because if you want to ensure that every workout you do induces growth, then you're going to start treating yourself like a client. That means incorporating at least one exercise that you hate with a passion. I say one not to overwhelm but at least one that you love. I know for me personally there are certain machines and exercises that I have to have a mental battle in my head and talk myself into doing because I know it's going to be that brutal. And don't try to say that you're sick in the head and you love all horrible exercises because that's not true. That's the same person that will start walking towards a machine where nobody's at and will look around for somebody to justify not doing it. Like I look like he might start walking this way. I don't want to be rude. You have my permission. Be fucking rude. So by now I'm sure you understand that you've got to start incorporating exercises that almost kill you and make you question your manhood but there's a second part to it and that's how you do them. For instance if I just turned around and started doing squats, no one's going to argue that squats aren't hard but if I'm just doing four sets of 10, yeah they suck, they're difficult, it's heavy but it's not the hardest way to do them because if you want to make sure that you make progress with every workout you've got to pair those difficult exercises with a brutal intensity. So the way I look at it you got two options. You just don't pretend like you're training somebody else because human nature. It's easier to hurt somebody else than it is to hurt yourself or you become a complete social path and just lose all regard for your own safety but either way you've got to change the way you approach your training. So instead of doing straight sets of 10, imagine if those were rest-possets or dropsets or even better you slow that negative down to a grueling pace where it's going to take the pain of that exercise to a whole other level. You remember that walk you had when you first train legs where you look like a baby deer crossing the gym? That comes right back. Wait a minute you're telling me you want me to take as many sets as I can to failure and potentially risk overtraining? Yeah, that's what I just said. One of my favorite things is go through the comments and find that person that says I love your videos but you're clearly wrong. Check out this case study and then you go to their profile and then you can't decide if you should donate to some sort of muscle wasting disease foundation or they're actually 13 but either way they're full of shit. So let me finish up by giving you three of my favorite exercises and or ways I like to destroy myself to ensure that that workout is going to give me some growth. First one walking weighted barbell lunges with dumbbells you can swing them you can get a rhythm you can just rest and throw them on the ground with that weighted bar in your back. The only way you get it off is when you admit defeat and you're set over. That damn thing hurts just holding it. The second one is doing any back exercise where you strap in you set a high number and you don't rest until you get there. Yeah, your biceps will jump in but that's only after your back is completely toast. And the third is any sort of mechanical drop because you know after that first variation the pain's not over it's just getting started. And if you liked this video here's a classic on how to get more growth out of your pull-ups also another one of my favorites but most importantly make sure you subscribe hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Build More Muscle Mass (CHEAT!) [wP038aW5oBM].txt ===

You want to build more muscle? Then you have to cheat. I'm not talking about putting your hands in your knees when you leg press or throwing up weight or squatting down only low enough just to air with those balls a little bit. That's amateur stuff. Let me explain. About to go full Hulk Hogan. Here's the deal. I'm giving you permission to cheat. And not in some half ass way. Like pretending your wife got states for cancer suddenly died. And you get a daydream about who you'd have sex with first. No. We're going over how to purposely manipulate specific exercises to get even more out of them. Increase that time and attention and even help you push past failure. And I'm sure you're all familiar with Arnold's cheat curls where when you start to fail you get your hips involved and that allows you to force out even more reps. But we can do a lot more than dry hump a few curls. One of my favorite ways is changing the tempo during the exercise. It's one of the safest ways to force out even more reps than you normally get. You've done what's with any exercise. But let's take the biceps on this example because if I've learned anything about going to bars and obviously younger watching sponge Bob. People are dumb and anchor arms will get you a long way in life. So what you can do is pick away you can do 20 preferably 30 reps with and really lock in that form. Tuck those elbows in and make sure that biceps doing all the work because you're focusing on that contraction when you fail. You know, one hell of a pump. That's going to allow you really loosen up your form and not worry if other muscles are jumping in or how much the biceps involved. You can really just throw some weight around and even the ugliest contraction is going to inflict further damage on that muscle and help you make progress. I'm not sure if you're not a danger to people around you. Fuck them. So let's face a mechanical drops or just like bachelors parties and vagas. You're planning to cheat ahead of time and don't act like you're not in Vegas. It's considered a poor taste if you don't stick your thumb up and dancers have. So you're either going to leave that town a cheater or consider it a bad host for the rest of your life. It's a lose lose. So now that we establish your horrible person and you can effectively plan ahead, let's take those skills over to the leg extension because this machine is made for mechanical drops. And unlike most of the time, whereas the set progresses, you're moving away from mechanical disadvantage with these. We know where you're the strongest. It's as you're getting closer to locking that weight out. So we can take advantage of that by doing a full range motion and then once you fail, focus on doing partial reps at the top. Another good example I found where it's really beneficial to cheat is with one arm rows. You get the best possible contraction when you have really strict form and you don't pull that dumbbell straight up, but you pull it on an arc as you come up. And you're really open up that shoulder and try to engage that lad as much as possible. But I also find it beneficial to take some heavy weight and jerk it around simply for the eccentric part of the movement and the stretch of that lap because as you're trying to stabilize that weight and square those shoulders up with the floor. That lad's going to stretch a lot more than it would with that lighter weight. So why not go super sand dickhead and grab a dumbbell from two separate pairs. Really make sure everybody hates you and start out with a lighter weight and then once you fail, grab some heavier weight. You ain't get up and down and really focus on stretching and opening up that lap. And I was going to go over side later on, but it seems like everybody already cheats on these kind of like the speed limit or saying they get up at six, but they actually get up at six 45. They just hit the snooze button a bunch of times or girls name Ashley because it's only a matter of time before smashing cheats on you. So it's more preemptive strike. And the next time before you do is set, I want you to think back to your first love. Maybe your high school sweet heart and think back how you took so much pride in the fact that you never cheated your faithful. And for whatever reason, it just didn't quite work out because you were 18 you dumb shit, you should have cheated it. And if you haven't got a chance to take out the 30 day program, I'll leave a link below 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you need help with your diet, I've watched this video next or a little motivation. I've watched this one, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Build Muscle and Lose Fat At The SAME TIME!! [3ui6tADtn6U].txt ===

All right, today we're going to over some tips are going to help you build muscle while you're losing fat. Now, some are tactical. Some are just reminders to not be a big fat mass, but either way, they're going to help you on your journey. So if you're ready, let's get after it. This one just says insult me. People are f***ed up. So one of the biggest reasons I found that most people can't pull this off. Simon Tancy Building muscle, whether decreasing body fat, is about two weeks in, they freak out. They think, oh my god, I'm going catabolic or my muscles feel kind of flat, but in reality, we're never quite as big as we think we are. I'm at the first time I died in first show. Did all that work? God, on stage, and then realize my kneecap for the biggest thing on me. I remember sitting there thinking, this f***ing sucks. Every time somebody says, I got roughly five pounds left to lose. I try my hardest in that moment to force out of heart, just so they know I strongly disagree. Here's a good indication of how much you actually have to lose, how vascular are you? Because most people think, well, that's all genetics, but it's actually more correlated to how low your body fat percentage is. And if you're sitting there and you have a vein, you can barely see in your bicep, and you have to hold your breath and put a turn to get on to see it, then either you're way off with your estimate of what you actually have to lose, or when your dad went to work, your mom stayed home and f***ing balloon animal. And that's how you were made. So for some reason, recently, more and more people are moving away from having a very structured diet, the things like intuition eating, but that's for the elite acto morph. And if you're not sure that's you're not, it's not. Those are the genetic freaks that they can basically eat a deep fried Oreo and turn that into muscle. It's very rare and they're usually easy to spot. They look like f***s holes. I would love to figure out who the person was to start pushing the idea that if your body's craving something, you should probably listen to it because it's deficient. How many times have you trusted your body and it failed you? You slowly pushed out a silent fart and then two seconds later you got your head hung down, walking to the bathroom to wipe your ass to check how disappointed you should be in yourself. But what about when you wake up first thing in the morning and try to take a piss? Try to figure out the best angle, but you got some asleep in your eye, you got to relearn eighth grade geometry. And it looked like you're playing that crane game in the grocery store and then you piss all over the shower curtain. You got to remember your body and brain are going to fight you the entire way. So the only way to make progress is to have structure and trust the process. Because if you just went by your intuition and every day you go to the strip club for lunch and have a tuna salad sandwich. Why does go for some things you do? Why you're in the gym to make sure not wasting any time and you're always getting results. Now, this took me years to figure out but there's always a better way to do an exercise that's going to yield to you better results and this all based upon the connection you have your muscle. And the screw-up part is it changes daily. So the way I like to think about it is when I first started exercise, I'm testing different angles, different grips and just trying to get the best connection possible. And then I crank up the intensity. Now, most people will just up the weight. I don't think that's the best bet because when you start up in the weight, eventually there's a point where you just can't get that same connection because you're going to get all the supporting muscles involved and you'll lose the connection. So instead, I like to change the tempo or the range of motion. And this could be done in a per-set basis. Let's say I'm at the Dumbo rack doing front raises and I'm like, that sucked, but how can I make this worse? Well, instead of just going up and weight, I can slow it down to a complete crawl and really see if I can heal myself in a dick because I know that's going to work. And then the next set, I can say, okay, I'm in a segment. You parse those at the top, parse those at the bottom, and then go back to the foals because that sucked. And at the very end, now I could try to go up and weight and do ascending and descending drops. That's going to work a lot better than your traditional four sets of 12. At the end of the day, if you're not getting leaner as you get bigger, then as simple as it sounds you're probably doing one or three things wrong. First, probably not get enough protein in. So if you're not getting a gram per pound of body weight, which is really conservative, I would say a gram and a half because what's the worst that can happen? You have horrible protein farts and your wife leaves you. Just take digestive enzymes. The second being is you're not actually in a calorie deficit. That coffee creamer you have every single morning or the fact you can't drink your protein shakes without your precious almond milk has now added up to a point where you're at a maintenance level of calories. Or worse, you're getting fatter. Lastly, you're not training hard enough. And I see this a lot of the gym. You see somebody training legs, you want to stop them on the way out and say, no, try again. Mail time. Sorry, throw it a Q&A to answer some questions and hopefully demystify the idea of building muscle while you're losing body fat. First question is, how much cardio should you do per week? And I would say absolutely none. Because you don't figure out to do this with your nutritional loan, you're going to screw yourself in the long run. I like this one. As a person who got knocked out in the first round of every spelling being elementary school, I'm going to appreciate this. I'm scared of looking smaller, losing gains if I cut true or false. And then resuminated a question, spelling it wrong again. I honestly think this is the biggest thing that holds most people back is that fear of losing muscle, losing progress or not actually being as big as they think they are. Truthfully, the leaner you get, the bigger you're going to look. Maybe not in close, but just wear less clothes. Another good one. How important is diet and how often should I cheat and have a refeed day? Feel like that person is just laying in a pile of crumbs. It's the most important. How do I eat more food with no appetite? I think I can say this on behalf of everybody. Fuck you. That's a good problem to have because you're probably an actor more from the more you eat, the leaner you get. I'd say THC should just still see the scale going down during this process. Absolutely. Your weight loss is always going to outpace the amount of muscle you can put on, stop lying yourself. Those are metabolism play a big part. Absolutely. They're genetically gifted freaks. They're going to have easy time, neural people, it's going to be harder. But everybody can do this. It's just a mental game. How much are you willing to suffer? I want to have a drink a few times a week how to incorporate that. Since it's probably a legal liability for me to recommend suit casing it, I would just ask how committed are you, how much do you actually want to make this change? Because if it's your number one priority, this is not even a question you ask. If I want to do this one, I'm carpsightling, what are my high days, low days? That's it. You can definitely do the carpsightling. I make the high days, your leg and back day and separate it, maybe a Wednesday and a Saturday. And the rest, that would just do low days where you hate your life. Where do you buy your t-shirts? Baby gap. What's your team powder for losing weight? Now I have three qualifications. Now the first two, they don't change. Those are concrete. So it's fine the best quality protein and try to find one with the least amount of excess calories coming from carbs or fat. But this one's subjective. Find the one that tastes the best. So you might get a few carbs or fat in your protein. It might not be 100% isolate, but at least you're going to be able to drink it and not gag every time. Thoughts on overtraining. Do it. How do you say it? High-perchophie or high-perchrophy? I said, can't I use to say high-perchrophy? Until somebody smarter than me said, I purchased phenethot. That sounds right. My way sounded f***ing stupid. I purchased phenetraining versus power lifting during this phase. Now I'm always trying to put on as much muscle as possible. So my muscle connection, chasing that pump, which has the added benefit of not worrying about the weight and moving because when you're an actual deficit, you're not hitting PRs consistently. And I'm a phone died. So if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll link that below. It's a 30-day program with 20 videos because I think PDFs are bullshit with 20 workouts and it costs 20 bucks. And if you ever got a chance to watch these two videos next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. And get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Do Dumbbell Rows For A BIGGER THICKER BACK! (THIS WORKS!) [y2v9Eu3urhk].txt ===

All right, today we're going in depth on Dunbell Rose because they're one of the most underrated exercises when it comes to building a big thick ridiculous looking back, but most people don't do these enough either because they jumps in their lower back or if too much of a connection when their shoulder is more than anything else, treatment worse, they're going to do them by lying on a bench and all they could focus on is their sternum slowly puncturing a hole in their heart. So we're going to fix all that, get you one big, f***ing back. Let's get after it. So when I asked people to make me a list of the exercises that hated the most, I was pretty shocked when this one was toward the top of the list, but they started digging deeper in the comments and realized, it's because most people do these real f***ed up like because for me, these are phenomenal. So much so that the day was granted by freedom back to go to the gym, the second exercise I did was a variation of Dunbell Rose because they're so versatile, you hit your back in so many different ways and I can guarantee I'm going to get a great workout when I do these. So let's break this down in a four separate sections. That way everybody can identify the problem. They're having and figure out how to fix it and it all starts with angles. So the obvious place to start is the angle of your back because we know the more parallel you are to the floor, the more it's going to call in those spinal erector muscles, the lower part of your lads to jump in, get involved and stabilize the weight, which isn't a bad thing. I see a lot of people get freaked out by this because they'll do this exercise and it jumps in their middle back. That's to be expected. When you're doing those extreme angles, that's more than likely going to be the weakest link. Unless you look in the mirror and you realize your back's bold forward and you've lost that static contraction, then yeah, I'd go home and try to blow yourself instead because if you're going to hurt your back, you might as well do it chasing your dreams. But also don't overlook those extreme upright angles as well because most people get in this position and think, well, I'll just do a shrug instead, it's basically the same thing. But they're missing out on a huge benefit you get when you get those elbows involved because you get the same contraction to do with the shrug but as you drive those elbows up, it creates a more intense contraction in those traps and you'll feel even more in those mid and lower traps as well. But we also know the angle of your elbow matters. The higher it goes, the more it's going to drive into that upper back, even into those rear delts. But it also look at the grip you take, especially if you're somebody with shoulder issues. So you do dumbbell rows with the neutral grip. I would try to slightly supinate that wrist because it's going to force your body to contract up on a different path. It might only be a minor difference in terms of the path itself, but it could be a major difference in terms of the connection you have with the overall exercise. And it also allows you to be a little bit more creative with the rows themselves. For instance, if you haven't ruined your life with these two yet, I would give them a go. Next, we're going to go over what to do. If every time you go to hit rows, those are wrecked your spine muscles blow up. And all you can focus on is that horrible pain in your back. You have to stop the workout, get in your car put the seat all the way back and drive right to the emergency room for a back yard. Now, the obvious thing you can do is take pressure off those muscles and lay on a bench, but not the way most people do them. Most people lay on the bench like a big fat f***ing sea lion and of course that's going to take your breath away. Instead, you want to keep that back nice and flat and put the upper part of your chest onto the bench and then do your rows. But remember, that's not fixing the issue. That's just going to allow you to do rows target the muscles you want to hit without having a debilitating pump in the middle of your back. But you still have to hit those muscles doing specific exercises because the reason it hurts so bad is they're underdeveloped. And you got to work on them. It's f***ing work on them. Specifically, what that means is making those muscles a priority. Every workout program and exercise at the end of the workout that's going to really target those muscles and make them fail in a safe way. Like doing rows of events where your entire upper body is hanging off. Not only is it going to put more pressure on those muscles to hold that position, but it's going to exaggerate the contraction on the way out. Or doing them on a hyper extension or a glute ham raise is going to allow you to adjust your form and really narrow your focus in on those muscles. Now the last two are for people who's shoulders are biceps dominate their rows. So if shoulders are your issue, then more than likely you're just rowing the weight but not actually contracting your back because to do that, you have to really open up those shoulders on the way up. So what I would do is cut the range of motion in half. Go half way down and really focus on that movement of contracting your back, pulling those shoulders back. Once you can get that, you can slowly work into a full range of motion. And if your biceps keep jumping in and taking over, this is an easy one. You get the elbow and a fixed position and pull more with your lats. If you need more detail on that, I'll link to a video above where I go and depth and how to do it with pull ups. But this is one of my favorite ways to do rows as well because you can contract that back from the bottom all the way up and ensure your biceps can't jump in. So to summarize, change the angle of your body, elbows and hand position to find a row you really connect with. If you're still not connecting, change the range of motion or try to keep the elbow in a fixed position to see how that feels. And finally, it's not your mid or lower back that sucks. You're neglecting it asshole. And if you haven't checked out the 30-day program, it's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, again, pretty damn simple. But most importantly, like I talked about before, if you haven't watched this video on how to do pull ups in a way that's going to actually make your lats grow. Watch that next. Get after it and get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Do FRONT RAISES For BIGGER SHOULDERS (THESE WORK!) [DiNYcgchguo].txt ===

All right, today we're going in-depth on front raises because I have fun with that last video. Take it hammer curls, which already adhesives and makes them even better, really tapped in the analytical side of my personality and reminded me of growing up and trying to find a way to get all my action figures to scissor with each other without one of them filling left out. Needless to say, it was a little nostalgic. Also who knew they asked and people how they wiped their ass would be such a contentious topic? That I offended an entire demographic of people who are living the dream using a beday. So I apologize for that. So when I get home, I ask my wife to get out the hose and see what it's like to live the high life. So when it comes to front raises, the one thing we got to be aware of is we're going to be constantly fighting those traps to try to keep them from getting involved. You see this most often in people during the East Century part of the moment, as they bring that weight down that trappling gauge and try to assist them. And this is either because they can't keep that shoulder down or they spent years flexing in the gym for no reason and they train their traps to do whatever the hell they want. And as long as we can negate that, then it's just about making small modifications to develop a better connection. Now for somebody who constantly fights those traps, the first thing I would test is changing the angle of your body because there's only only a small window where they can get involved. For instance, if you're on straight out in front of you, like it would be at the top of the moment, it's hard to flex those traps. But the closer it gets to your body, the easier it is to screw it up. So by tilting forward, you can take that part of the moment out of it completely. And if I'm going to do that, it's going to be leaning against the bench like this because the last thing I want to worry about is keeping my lower back from blowing up as I tilt forward or trying to keep that spinked or tight because the pre-workout I took before it came to the gym has now become a terrorist inside my colon. Also what this allows us to do is test and see if there's a different path that will ultimately give us a better connection. So instead of coming straight up with that dumbbell, we can come out to the side and sweeping motion, give more activation to the anterior dealt as we pull that dumbbell in. On top of that, for those people with really crunchy shoulders, make sure you test between the supinated grip, neutral and pronated grip because one of those is going to lead to less sound effects. So one comment I could see people making is that you don't need to hit your anterior dealt to get all the work they need during your pressing moments, which I can almost buy into. But last time I went to the gym, I looked around and realized there's very few people with great doubts. More prevalent is people with non-existent rear doubts and some development in those front doubts, which probably makes them think that they have over-developed front doubts, but they don't. They just have really, really shitty rear doubts. So as much as I don't mind being an asshole and playing the heel, you never want to go full in W-O. That's why as much as I like setting up a bench at a 45 degree angle, laying back and doing front raises on the cables, I don't often do them. And you can mimic the same thing by laying flat on the floor, but I've pissed off enough people in my life that I'm always on high alert for T-Bags. So instead, you can just simply face the opposite way of the cables. And yeah, this is when we're going to tilt slightly forward. So you run the risk of blowing up that back and you got to keep that spink around lock. But if you pair it up with a handle like this, it's well worth it. Because if you've ever taken a single dumbbell, grip it with two hands and did a front raise, you know that's a phenomenal exercise. Really isolates the anterior dealt and this mimics that perfectly. I just mimic it. It's better. So this last one's my favorite barbell front raise. And I saw somebody do this a long time ago, not to this extreme because they're probably not stupid as me, but the idea is to hit your entire dealt. So you're going to either grab a fixed bar and easy bar and grab as wide as you can. That's going to immediately engage more of that lateral head. And you start up by doing a front raise and as you get closer to the top of the movement, you're going to pull back towards you and that's going to drive the contraction, into that lateral head and finish it off in that rear dealt. Quick side note, I know I look like an asshole, but these are the only tens I have. If you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link in the description. It still amazes me how many second individuals there are. Yeah, it's only 20 bucks, but you're going to be pretty messed up in the head to want to hurt yourself this bad for 30 days. So it's kind of nice that I'm not the only one. And if you like how in depth I went on this video, then you're going to love the hammer curl video I did recently. Also if you need more help on shoulders, I'll link to a dumbbell only shoulder video, but most importantly, share this video and subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Do HAMMER CURLS For BIGGER BICEPS (THESE WORK!) [wzvOiPizqSc].txt ===

All right, today we're going in-depth on Hammer Curls. And you're probably sitting there thinking, let's have a pretty damn weird video idea. And a couple weeks ago, I'm gonna thought the same thing, and tell I made a poll asking people what they thought were the most over-rated exercises in Hammer Curls kept popping up. And I thought that's ridiculous. They're phenomenal. And tell I went to do them again, and thought, now these are actually hot garbage. So I'm gonna go with my three favorite variations, and redeem Hammer Curls. So if you're ready, let's get after it. Also comment below, so I can judge you accordingly. Are you team baby wipes? Are you regular toilet paper? And if you're curious where I stand, my favorite thing to do is go to Costco, take my wife, and buy three boxes of baby wipes, because it's inevitable. The way out the ladies gonna ask you, oh my god, how many kids do you have? I just look over my wife. Tell her, go ahead, tell her. And she has to say, there are for my husband's ask. So in fact, I know when I film a video like this, my goal shouldn't be to just show you if you're exercises and send you on your way. I should teach you to think the way I think that way you can apply it to all your training. But to me, it's pretty damn scary proposition, because I know there's probably a lot of young kids that watch this, and it's just a matter of time before their parents come home, and they find that their bedroom is riddled full of pictures of plus-sized women, and eventually they get kicked out of school, because somebody rats on them for trying to suitcase some pre-work out in the bathroom. But just know this comes from place of love. So the biggest frustration with these is that at the time, you got a great connection. The other half you walk in, you're like, oh, that's nice. It felt like contraction right in my radius, and it feels awful. So the first thing I do is I just say, screw it, I'm gonna turn to do a drag curl. So technically we're not doing hammer curls anymore. We're doing a drag curl with a neutral grip, but hopefully you're not doing hammer curls, because you saw somebody else doing where you think you have to. You're trying to target that brake, you're allus, you're not long head. So if that's the case, then these are a great option. And there's two ways I like to do it. The first way is that dumbbells right by your side, and you're pulling straight up, or you keep it out in front of your knee, and you're pulling back in a 45 degree angle, and I guarantee you're gonna have a better connection than just a traditional regular hammer, f***ing stupid curl. So if you're somebody that saw that last exercise and thought there's no way I could just do drag curls instead, that's to do some various regular hammer curls, then I appreciate your stubbornness, and this is the various I would do. I tuck those elbows into your stomach, and get your entire body involved. So you're gonna lean back during the negative, and as you contract up, you're gonna lean forward and make those biceps work even harder, because like we talked about before, the biggest issue with the regular hammer curls is the initial part of the contraction. It's all in your forearm. There's only a small range of motion where you're gonna really connect with those biceps, and then you could lose it in your shoulders. So with these, we pin that shoulder in place, and make that bicep bear the entire weight during that eccentric part of the movement, and you contract up and lean forward and make that contraction more intense. And as long as you can get those forearms warmed up by any means necessary, I don't judge. Do what you gotta do. You're gonna love this exercise. So since we know the incline curls really target that long head, because they make you contract that bicep, while it's in a stretched position, we can steal from that and use it on the next variation. So you can either grab the cable without an attachment, or just tie a rope into a knot, so you have a single handle of a grab on to, but word of warning, these are the dirtiest attachments in the gym, because there's a lot of hyper-sexual women, and men, I've seen you guys do it too. They like to abuse these handles. And it's probably how last you're just went off the rails and patience here or contracted it by sharing a handle with somebody who just got down wiping their ass, doing cable hip thrust, so just be careful. So what you're gonna do is set that cable as low as it can go, walk yourself out, make sure that biceps nice and stretched, and then just do a regular hammer curl, which you have a better connection. And obviously it's constant tension, so it's gonna tear it up pretty quick. So if you're like me and you loosely categorize exercises, then any one of those are gonna completely redeem hammer curls for you. And I know you'll get great results. Also, I've had some questions when I'm coming out with a full gym program. The equipment gets here at the end of the month, so I'll start filming them. But if you haven't got a chance to check out the other 30 day program, which is just garage style, minimal equipment, but anyways, taking it and telling you that it kicks your ass. 20 videos, 20 bucks, it's pretty damn simple. Also if you haven't watched these two videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell, and share this shit out of this video. And get after a get-grown talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Easily LOSE FAT Even Around The Holidays [X4cijFxQJ_4].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over exactly what I do during the holidays to make sure I don't become a big fat mess and actually able to lose fat while Everybody else is working on their third chin and hiding their disappointment in their gray wall mart sweat, so let's get after it Pay no attention to the year being off. That's because fuck you target. Let's face it. There's a few times a year where you're pretty much guaranteed to chill up First up Halloween. It starts a few days before because you got 10 pounds of candy sitting there looking at you Tempting you to ruin your life and then if there's any kids in your family you're screwed a few days after because those little idiots will leave their bags of candy around like you're not gonna go through and See all the good shit Next thanksgiving no explanation needed. You're gonna eat like an asshole in that day and then until you run out of leftovers Finally one that sneaks up on a lot of people a full week of disappointment you could look forward to from Christmas All the way to New Years so it ends up being about three weeks where you die can go completely to hell So to make sure that doesn't happen and actually continue to make progress I do a version of intermittent fasting, but I do it in a very specific way to make sure I maximize the results My eating window isn't a window. It's a meal some people like to call it oh mad For some reason I think the abbreviation sounds ridiculous so I call it one meal a day And I have that meal an hour and a half before I go to bed because if you've ever tried to go to bed starving Good fucking luck you're gonna end up staring at the ceiling and trying to hold your breath and tell you pass out now that meal Should be fairly clean good source of protein high quality carbohydrates good healthy fats, but the good news is It doesn't have to be small I'll usually have a block of beyond meat four pounds of potatoes and then after they're done cooking either drizzle with extra version olive oil or Macadamia not oil and the good thing about eating like this during those weeks is you know There's gonna be days where your diet completely falls apart. Thanks giving obviously Christmas Eve Halloween night when you're laying on your stomach eating your kids candy like a giant toddler Just know whatever crap you're eating that's your meal for the night that's all you get wake up in the next morning You're back to fasting. It just mitigates the damage a couple quick notes as you're doing this You're only focused his maintaining muscle mass, but more than anything staying lean if not getting a little bit Linear but that doesn't mean you can half-ass your workouts in fact if you train high volume you're gonna find You got a hell of a lot of energy when you fast the second question that's gonna come up is when should you train now? I like to train first thing in the morning because you have all those carbs straight up from the night before So you have an incredible pump during your workout. I've also seen the best results doing that way the only issue is You got to suffer through that starvation the rest of the day and finally I'm not as strict as I would normally be on a fast. They still have my black coffee in the morning I might be c.a.s throughout the day and I still drink my pre-work out even though It's got some shit in it, but not enough to really make a difference at the end of the day. Is this for everyone? No because if everybody does it who's gonna buy those gray dad-bought sweatpants from Walmart if you're sitting there thinking why don't you tell us about this before? Thanksgiving asshole You're right fucked up good news is I do the same thing when I go on vacation. So There you go. If you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day programs all link up below again Both of them 30 days 20 videos 20 bucks Pretty damn simple also if you haven't watched these I watch those next but most importantly subscribe Hit that notification bell and get after you get growing talk to you soon

=== FILE: How To FIX a Stiff Neck (HINT - UnF＊CK Your TRAPS!) [kODbXGCjigE].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over the only thing I found to help fix the pain and stiffness I was having in my neck, trap, even ran into my rear delpe, and this one took a while to figure out. So if you have any of these issues, then be glad you watched this video. And if you're sitting there thinking, well, this video isn't for me. I don't have any pain. Let me ask you this. You're a bit in the gym, looking the mirror and realize, holy shit, I'm lopsided, and you got uneven shoulders. Or maybe after a long night's rest, you get up and you're convinced that your wife must be in your sleep because you're so bound up. Or maybe just a simple fact that your traps aren't growing the way that you think they should. This video fix that. Let's get after it. So there's a couple of reasons why this problem can develop. First one is obviously more people are working from home, which you know what that means. There's no reason to look professional. Really, no reason to put on pants. You can just see it playing with hot cheetos all day and sitting in the most awkward positions, allowing those shoulders to roll forward and put a strain on those traps. The second one happens in a split second. You can be training something like triceps, everything's going good, you're engaged, and you lose focus for a second, and then you strain one or both of them. And finally, what I think is the most common reason is early one morning, your mind and your own business, vigorously masturbating the shower, and you go too hard in the paint. You end up here in a popping noise and you realize you're fucked. So about four months ago, I pulled the trifle up. Made all three mistakes on a single day. What started out as a little bit of painting my traps? Slowly shifted into my neck where I was told I must have bulging disc. Even though there was no evidence to it. So I started doing manual therapy and doing retractions, which helped but didn't solve the problem. Then it shifted into my rear delt to the point where I couldn't even lay flat on my back without my rear delt lighting up. Then it got to the point where I wanted to kill everybody, where I got weakness on one side and it started atrophy. And I'm not telling you this because I want you to care about me because I barely care about me. I just want you to know that if your body's gotten this dysfunctional, there's hope. And I tried everything. Even the solution I'm about to show you when I first integrated it, did some results. It wasn't telling us talking to my friend who's also the only person I let work on me now because he does this crazy guy at a P.E.M.F. And he asked me if I've ever done a barbell mobilization, which I said, yeah, basically a supple lepronow, the stuff works, but not to the extent where I see a dramatic improvement. And then he asked how much weight I was using. And I obviously responded not much because it hurts. And then he proceeded to stop the conversation and look around, look on his desk and I was like, what are you looking for? And he said, your balls. He's also an asshole. Which challenge me to use significantly more weight? Also made me realize that the solution I found were great, but I didn't factor in the more muscle you have, more extreme you got to make it. For instance, when you're doing traditional barbell trap mobilization, you just plot that bad boy on top, stretch that neck and the opposite direction drop that shoulder. You can even roll that bar up and down or you can sit a little bit higher in that trap, hit those scaling muscles or make it more active and get the arm involved. But the problem comes when you've been training for years and you got any sort of trap development, your traps are going to look at that in life. So for me, the sweet spot's 225, which not everybody should do. I don't want high school kids across the world to hop underneath the bar and then shift their pants or some old lady to get crushed. What it means is if you're having some of the issues I talked about before, maybe when you go to a lap, pull down, pull up or even a press, you find one of your shoulders hikes up, then you're going to use more weight than just the bar to force that trap to relax. And you could do this on either end of the bar, but I prefer to back up to the plate that way I'm not limited by what I can do. If I want to get the arm involved, I can, but don't piss my pants first. But I would start up by doing the easiest and then graduate to the hardest. The easiest being picking a point on that trap, standing up and holding it for 30 seconds. Now I like to push it against the racks, so I don't drop it like an f***hole and make sure you drop that shoulder and even get that neck involved and stretch against it. It's going to suck. And if you're a little more sadistic, you can start rolling that bad boy up and down. Makes a big difference. And the ultimate would be getting the arm involved. But if you enjoy that, your damage goods. And keep in mind, you don't have to be a perfectly perpendicular to the bar. You can twist that body and find where it hurts the most and then go from there. So at the end of the day, if you're done with any sort of trap issues that end up creeping up into your neck and wreak and have it going to rest your body, I guarantee if you implement these, it's going to save your ass like a dead mind. And if you're in Arizona, you want to try out my body. I'll leave a link to them below. It's the only thing I found that made a dramatic difference. I was instantly able to fire each muscle more efficiently and I've tried everything. I remember trying dry needleing and I looked at the guy like, I was hit. Try a dart. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link below. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 workouts, it's 20 bucks. Pretty simple. And if you haven't got a chance, watch these two videos next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Fix ANY Muscle Imbalance (3 SIMPLE STEPS!) [hn88Thr3lEw].txt ===

I've been getting a ton of questions recently. They go along the lines of my left arm is twice as big as my right. So before your wife leaves your ace and magical ass for the Amazon delivery guy, let me give you the three things that I would do to correct any muscle imbalance. First things first, this isn't something to be embarrassed of, and it's not an abnormal problem to have. It's not like somebody's giving you hard time for having one testicle bigger than the other. Come to think of it. Left. Because anybody who's put on a significant amount of muscle will tell you that not only do you have body parts that grow faster than others, but you're an a constant balancing act between the left and right side of your body. And there's two reasons for this. Form and preference. It's used in form can come from a previous injury that just didn't heal right and undiagnosed one that you don't realize you have, or even just how you slept the night before. You can get up, realize just a little tightening to someone's side, and then entire workout, your body's gonna be trying to compensate and protect itself. One time I had a guy come up and he said, can you watch my form on bench because every time I go back and I rack the weight, I seem to hit the left side every time I can't figure it out. I went over there and watched his form. I almost threw up. How do you not realize that this is how you bench? How do you not feel this? But that's what happens if you never see yourself and you just go by feel, you can't trust yourself. I don't trust you, you shouldn't trust you either. I know it's awkward as hell, but whatever muscle group on your body's growing at a different rate, just set up a camera thumb yourself and you'll figure out exactly why it's happening. Now when it comes to preference, some people will say, you know, which hand you throw with, which when you're right with, but that's not a graphic enough illustration. Say I was a bad friend, I got you drunk and I offered to pay you a hundred bucks to just kick some random guy that in a split second, not even thinking about it. You can visualize what lay you're gonna use to kick him. So knowing that, you can't tell me that the lay you're gonna use to punt some unexpected guys balls across the room is gonna dominate any sort of squat movement you do. For the people that are in the I'm already screwed up, how do I fix it category? Step number one, you gotta integrate more unilateral work. The way I integrated is I make it the first and last exercise I do have a workout. The reason for starting out that ways because usually the side that's lagging behind is also when you don't have a great connection with. So starting out the workout, developing that my muscle connection, focusing on the contraction, getting that muscle to fire, is gonna benefit you the rest of the workout. And the reason to end with the dissimilar, you wanna make sure that muscle is gonna push as hard as it should. And also by that point, you're so fatigued, you're gonna notice that a smaller muscle is more than likely gonna be a weaker one and that side's gonna be a lot weaker. Step number two, ad reps to your weaker side during those unilateral sets. Say you're doing single arm machine flies and on that smaller side you do 15 reps and crap out. Take a couple deep breaths, add five more. On that more developed side, just do 15 and stop. It's not the most fun thing to do because you can't push yourself as hard, but you're in a game of catch-up and it won't take long before it does. And last but not least, if you're that screwed up and lopsided, you're gonna make it a priority. That means integrate training that body part on that side of your body in ways that don't even make sense. I'm talking about you just hammered legs and then you shamelessly walk over and do working sets of single arm cable extensions because that thing needs work. The hammering I forgot to do my trick. I know if you do those three things, you'll be able to even out your body and become more symmetrical, and be able to get some sleep at night. Here's a link to a video I made on some other muscle building mistakes. Also another one of my favorites, and most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and as always, get after GetGroan, talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Fix Rounded Shoulders (THIS ACTUALLY WORKS!) [qRtJi8-S7WA].txt ===

got rounded shoulders. Let me guess you tried everything that everyone else told you to do, but nothing worked. No, it's because you're not doing these two things. Let's get after it. I regretted this immediately. I'm sure you've watched another video on this and after you fell asleep three or four times, you watched it all the way through and you did everything they asked you. You stretch those tight anterior muscles. You train those overstretched posterior muscles, but still you had rounded shoulders. How you might even done your own research and realized that masturbating hunched over like a heroin addict was making the problem worse. So you switched over to a Captain Morgan stance, but still no significant difference. The good news is you're on the right track. And yeah, you still want to set aside time to stress those anterior muscles and strengthen those posterior ones. But because you now have this posture, it's not going to be an easy fix. You have literally changed the way those muscles function. Take your chest for instance, because those shoulders are rolled forward, you've now effectively changed what is a full range of motion. For your chest, but not like when you purposely do it with partial reps, when you never take a muscle into a fully stretched position, the damn muscle fibers will shorten as a result. Sarko mirrors for you scientific bastards. So not only are you inhibiting how much your chest can grow, but your shitty posture is actually making it smaller. Here's a good example. Have you ever been driving down the road and saw an old person walking completely hunched forward? Every time I do, I roll that my window and yell, hey old guy, stand up straight, you're fucking creeping me out. Even though I know it won't matter, those crazy old bastards can't stand up straight. Even if I tackled them and glued a shit little popsicle sticks to their back, because their entire muscular skeletal system has changed. And a lot of that has to do with muscles being put in an overly stretched or short and position. And just gotten worse with time. Now, you're obviously not as bad off as the old people are yell at, but you can't expect to make progress by passively stretching a muscle that you've literally decreased function in. There's only two things that will help at this point. The first thing you gotta do is start incorporating isometric contractions. You're doing a fully stretched position. Obviously under load. You can do this after your chest day. Even after shoulder day, I just hesitate to call them extreme stretches, because I feel like some people are trying to make progress too fast and force it and upholding themselves. Your goal is to bring that weight down into what's a comfortable, fully stretched position for you. You're not trying to push yourself past it, because just holding that weight in that position for a period of time is going to make it happen. You don't have to force it. All we're trying to do is create the exact opposite response in your body and make those fibers and sarcomers increase in length that way you're not constantly working against yourself. You can do this with flies, presses, hell even on the dip machine, and it doesn't take much. And flies, might just 15s, presses, 40 dips, much up. And if you don't feel like you're getting in the position or posture that you desperately hope to have one day, just throw a foam roll underneath your back and do them that way. Equally is important. You need to start incorporating movements that allow you to go through a full range of motion. And I know this sounds crazy because connection is king. You should always prioritize the range of motion that allows you to fire the muscle you're actually trying to hit. And when you're screwed up as you are, a full range of motion will probably cause you to lose the connection and fire a bunch of random shit. But you can simply do this by making them the warm upsets for every exercise you do. Start up by taking every rep to a fully stretched position, contracting all the way through. And once you're done with those sets, go to the range of motion you really can act with. Or probably the better way is slap a set or two on the end of every exercise you do. Because we've all had that horrible pump before, doesn't matter what you do. Everything sucks and it's going to lead to growth. But make sure you do this because if you think you're going to train for 45 minutes in the fetal position and then passively stretch for five and make any progress, you're wrong. You need to start training your muscles to reflect the posture you want. If you didn't get to see me pun in Jagu Protein across room, then watch this video next. If you haven't bought one of the programs you need help with your training, I'll link those below. But most importantly, like subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. How do you soon? So when I bought that anatomical leg model, I went on a bit of a shopping spring and I bought 75 of these damn things because I don't want to about you, but I've got quite a few off-puttingly Chubby people in my life, but not to the point where they've lost a foot and I have something to point to. So every birthday or Christmas, I'm just going to send them one of these. I'm not going to write a card or say anything. Obviously, but a ribbon. I don't know. I'm not a complete asshole, but they should get the point.

=== FILE: How To Fix Your Posture & Grow A BIGGER CHEST (THIS WORKS!) [nQpWLFTYu7k].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to go over exactly how to get that chest growing. And as you can tell by this thing, it looks like one of those leash back packs that crappy parents use, so they don't lose their kids at the mall. It's going to be a little bit different. I'm not going to just tell you to keep your shoulders back. I'm going to go over the exact methods and exercise that I've done that's made a dramatic difference that pulling those shoulders back, keeping those anterior delts out of any pressing movement and making sure my chest is doing all the work. So if you're ready, let's get f***ing after it. So if you're somebody that's constantly fighting to keep your shoulders out of every single chest day, then you're going to need to any more than just 30 minutes or even an hour to strengthen those muscles and involved in pulling those shoulders back and down or trying to stretch and relax those overactive ones because they're remaining 23 hours of the day. You're going to derail any progress you make with your shitty posture. And I've seen all the adorable names that people use to help describe each individual issue, like the forward head of the rounded shoulders and the hunchback. But let's call it like it is. From the side, your posture looks like a curve dick. And I'm just as guilty. And last year I developed a bad case of curve, deep posture syndrome because just like everybody else, a sat in front of the computer and did most of my work and then solely over time my shoulders rolled forward to where that was the only comfortable position. Not only did it hinder my ability to make progress with my chest, but it also wreaked having in other ways as well. And this one was a tough one to figure out because if you look online, you'll find a ton of exercises for thoracic mobility and different exercises to improve your posture. But you'll quickly realize they're not all created equal. And the bigger you get, the harder it is to undo the damage you've done. So let's go over the ones that actually work. Side note, next time you go to the grocery store, check out many curved dicks that are walking around. It's quite a few. Alright, let's break this down into four simple steps. First we're going to fix the inflexibility that thoracic spine is going to open up that chest and actually drive those shoulders back. Next we're going to fix that forward head posture, which is an inevitability when your shoulders are constantly rolled forward. We're going to go with my favorite exercise for that serratus anterior, just in case you're getting some winging in that scapula. And finally, how to make sure your posture is continually getting better over time, which to our ultimate goal is going to help us build a bigger chest. Alright, grab your foam roller and I categorize this under thoracic mobility, but it does so much more than that because it opens up that chest, pulls your shoulders back. But also engages the muscles that are responsive for keeping those shoulders back, like the mid-low traps, those rhomboids. Because we're flexing over top of the foam roller, it's going to help break up some of those knots that you're definitely going to have from those shoulders being rolled forward. And those muscles constantly being in a stretched position, they're going to not up, try to protect themselves, and it's going to hurt like hell. So you're going to do this in a step by step process to figure out where you have the most tightness. Now you're going to interlock your fingers, lower top of that foam roller, close those elbows together to really stretch all those muscles, and then open up those elbows and flex around the foam roller. Now you're going to either do this by holding it for 30 seconds at the top of each wrap, or you're going to actually just do it for reps and slowly opening, close, engage those muscles, and then work up that thoracic spine that I mentioned the socks. So if you've had any experience with that forward head position, then you've definitely heard of chin talks, but for me they had no effect. So they sort of reach out into different manual therapists and tell one of them said, you know what? With that knee and your thumb neck, you're going to need the adult version of this. To do this, you're going to need a towel or a shirt, you're going to wrap around the back your neck, and hold it with one hand and provide just a little bit of resistance. From there, you do a chin tuck like normal. Once you get that chin all the way retracted, you're going to use that off thumb to provide even more resistance. It may seem like a subtle difference, but that little bit of extra resistance really increases the stretch. It just realizes that it's filming this. Never do this in public. I've done it at the gym before now. I regret that because you look like a real, kind of weirdo. This thing doesn't look good. So the reason I'm including a serratus anterior exercises, because as somebody who said issues within the past, you quickly learned that this muscle is f***ing vital. They're not like testicles. You could lose one of those to a rageful hooker and other than a psychological damage. You'd be no worse off. And the best way I found to engage this muscle is by putting that foam roller on the wall, putting a little pressure from your wrist. And as you drive up, you want to keep those shoulders back and down. And also feel like you're driving that elbow into the foam roller. And at any point, you want to advance the exercise a little bit, just back those feet up, and it'll make it even harder. Which brings me to this guy. You can easily just throw this onto the gym. It'll help pull those shoulders back and you'll immediately get more engagement of that chest. But that's not how I use it. I use it at home when I'm sitting in front of the computer for a long period of time to help retrain my body how to stay in a better position. And if I can work, there is one caveat though. If you're going to do it my way, you're going to want to flip it upside down. That way you can use those handles to pull underneath your lats, position it. So it's not only pulling your shoulders back, it's also pulling them down. So I know if you fix your posture, you're no longer going to worry about. My shoulders back enough is my chest tall because it's already going to be in that position. And you're going to start to get that chest to grow. I'll leave a link to the bow tie because it does make a dramatic difference. And if you haven't got a chance to take out the 30 day program, it's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn sample. And if you do suffer from this, you're going to want to watch this video how to make your entire trap training more efficient and most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Force Muscle Growth (Science Backed Method) [pXdvFHPejTM].txt ===

Today, we're diving into the research to figure out what's the best way to bring up lagging body parts? Because I have yet to meet one person who doesn't have at least one gifted body part. And it's usually the same muscle you start to see the most progress with when you initially start working out. Mine happened to be triceps. And with average genetics comes body parts that take years to make any progress whatsoever. For me, that's been forms and tasks. And then you have thick Asian women out here who only train their quads once a month and have never trained their calves ever. And it makes you want to give up on life. And I know right now you're probably fighting off a child that's fueled by both jealousy and anger, but we can actually learn a lot from a hyper responder like this. The first thing you realize when you go down the rabbit hole of trying to answer this question is there's very little research around this topic. Typically, I would look for meta-analysis that encompasses all the research done on the topic up to that point. But too bad, there's not one. To gain any real insight, I had to look at every independent study all the way down to the individual results of each participant, which normally you wouldn't want to do, but in this case, we had to. And I'm glad I did because now I have a plan that I think will help all of us bring up those shitty muscles that make us disappointment. At least one of the reasons we're disappointment. There's obviously others. Starting with this within subject design study that compare to a low verse high frequency training split. Three quick notes. Before anybody freaks out about the cross education, in fact, that's a phenomenon that's only related to strength. For example, have you noticed that the non-dominant forearm that you don't really tug with that much hasn't grown at all because it applies to strength? And normally, yes, I hate studies done on untrained subjects, but again, this is within subject design study, so we can still gain a lot of insight. And lastly, this is not low verse high frequency. This is high verse even higher. This is two to three times a week versus fucking five. The reason I think this is such a valuable study is because they had participants trained five times a week on one leg and either two or three times a week on the other leg and the results came out like hot garbage. Looks a little shitty. They did not expect that. Which is fascinating because that potentially means that each one of us will have very unique response to a higher or lower frequency and figuring out what our threshold is will help us unlock some of those shitty non-growing muscles. And actually, it's not just frequency because the two to three times a week leg ended up in every case with a lower total training volume than the five times a week leg and still some people made significantly more progress in the lower frequency, lower training volume leg. It's shocking. You would think, you know, a little more, might be better. Another interesting note is that three people were categorized as non-responders and two of which became responders when doing the alternate protocol in the other leg. This poor guy still ended up as a non-responder and either leg but who knows what he was going through. He could have found his wife with all the decks and his heart wasn't in it. So the obvious question is, how do we find that sweet spot? Do we respond best to one to two times a week? Or we all the way up to five? I'll get to that. But first, back to this meeting bastard. There's some distinct advantages that this thing has over anything that you have. And while they still don't know the exact mechanisms that make somebody like this a hyper-responder, the evidence shows that this thing probably has a greater antigen receptor density enhanced ribosome biogenesis and greater satellite cell activation. I.E. it's not like us. You should jump. The reason I put that, yeah, woman in this video is because one of the best pieces of research I found looked at hyper-responders and compared them to non-responders and had a different set protocol because if we can figure out what makes the non-responders respond, we can fix our inadequacies in theory. And again, this study is by no means perfect. It's done on old fox who are untrained. Come on, this study did have some strengths that used an MRI to measure the cross-sectional area, which is the gold standard. And even though the participants are technically dead, if they can put on muscle, then we should be able to as well. Now again, this was a within subject design study where they had participants trained one leg, one set, twice a week. So two sets total and the other leg, four sets, twice a week, eight sets total. And then they categorized them by non-responders and responders. The results for the non-responders is probably what you would have guessed. Two sets for the average person who doesn't have those Asian leg genetics just isn't enough. So eight sets did better for pretty much everybody except for this poor bastard. Who is probably the same guy who had the wife with all the decks? I think the more interesting result was with the hyper-responders because some did a little better, some did worse, some did exactly the same, and I would not have expected that. I would have assumed those lucky bastards are just better in every way. What I think the big takeaway is that we can all apply to our own training is something that we knew from our own anecdotal training experience is that the muscles that respond really well just don't need as much. And that means we can steal sets from those muscles and apply them towards the ones that do. And for some of us, those hyper-responding muscles might grow just as much or even more. That would be cool. And it's part of the reason I bought so many forearm pieces because it's the muscle I've been focused on bringing up the most. And I might as well just do a review for you. This machines the best I've found for pronation and supination. You can almost see that goddamn ponet or terries. Get there. This one's pretty good. I would say eight at a time because it's really best for those finger flexors and the flexor-police as long as not the most exciting muscles. This one is the goat for any sort of wrist flexion and extension. Because you never know when you're going to need to be able to jerk off an elephant. The main reason I got those pieces is because it made it that much easier to incrementally increase my frequency and volume to figure out what's the perfect amount to get these things to grow. Because you would think hypertrophy would be as simple as increasing myalphibular protein synthesis rates as much and as frequent as possible. But as you've seen from some of these individual results in these studies, everybody has their own volume threshold recovery needs and unique inflammatory response, which could lead to more protein breakdown than a creation if you're not careful. The perfect amount for you could be anywhere from five times a week, all the way down to three to one, which I'm assuming you've already tried by this point. Otherwise you're an idiot why are you watching this video or this asshole who doesn't have to train them at all. To figure out the optimal frequency and volume for you to bring up some of those lagging body parts, this is exactly what I would do. I mean, this is what I did. So yeah, regardless of the day it falls on could be an off day, could be a leg day, every third day I'm training that muscle. And that's based on the premise that myophibular protein synthesis rates in trained individuals last anywhere from 24 to 48 hours. If you feel like that's becoming too much total volume throughout the week, then you steal some of those sets from your more hyper-response of muscle. And after at least eight weeks, if you feel like the results are good, but you're a greedy bastard and you think that could be better, that's when you bump it up to five times a week. And that's based upon the fact that we know the first two to three weeks of any new program that has some sort of novel stimulus or increase of volume, it does very little in terms of hyper-chrophy. In fact, in the first few weeks, the rate of muscle protein synthesis is significantly higher, but that's also paired with increases in muscle damage. For example, Z-Band streaming. If you don't know what Z-Band's are, just think of like the borders of the sarcomer, normally they look nice and neat like this. And you had a novel stimulus or an increase in volume, they get a little fucked up. It's only when the repeated bout effect kicks in and muscle damages attinuated that hyper-chpheed takes place. That's why I tell anybody who buys one of my programs and they ask me what should I do next? Just do it again. The fact that you feel like you've got hit by a bus the first time means your body was just getting used to it. All of this has given me some new ideas for programming. Think about ones that are built just to bring up a specific body part, like arms. Doesn't even mess with your current programming. It just tax on to whatever you're doing. So it starts out every third day and we incrementally increase the volume and frequency and we force those arms to grow. And when it comes to bringing up a lagging body part, while you'll never be this kind of a pitch. There absolutely is a frequency and volume that will grow that body part the most. Your job is to figure out what that is. And you can only do that through slow and painful trial and error. Let's see those casts again. So to wrap it all up, this is how it would structure your training to start growing that shitty body part of yours. Oh, and the garage upper and lower program is now live. It took a long time because I actually went through and added a lot of exercises. So the leg days are even better on this than they were on the full gym version. There's a lot of hard shit. Good luck.

=== FILE: How To GROW Your Biceps Peak (You're Missing These!) [xrjfVXu2dM4].txt ===

After the last video, I had a couple of questions from people asking them going to go to even more detail on developing peak on those biceps. So I thought it'd be fun to do a series. We've got a long head short head, maybe break your ass. Randomly, I did get a question from somebody asking I can help them jump higher and dunk a basketball. I don't know what the fuck you think this is, but I'm not helping you dunk a basketball. I think somebody saw one of my past jokes and go out hard in the paint. Took a little too seriously. I worry about you people. Let's get after it. So when you're walking into gym and you're so focused to develop a ridiculous peak on those biceps, a couple of things I want you to think about in terms of exercise selection other than the typical worries you're going to have when you walk in a gym. Like today, I smell some of my protein shake all over my shirt and looks like I've violently chill over myself. Specifically, he's doing any exercise to take advantage of one or even better a common acidity things. First, any curl where your hands are close together. I just like to think of it as closing off that short head, not allowing me to jump in and take over the movement and focusing on that long head. Next, any exercise where you're over-subbing that wrist at the top of the movement. And then finally, based upon how it originates, putting the advice up in a stretched position. Now that in itself, not the most interesting, but what it is is the incredible exercise we can develop knowing those things. Let's start with three of my favorite cable variations. First, with the B-bar. Now the nice part about this is it checks two boxes. First, being you have to turn those hands in. So again, it limits how much that short head can work. But also, you're trying to keep that palm on the bar the entire time. So you have to overexadrate and supinate that wrist when you come up at the very top. And it creates this horribly painful, sadistic pump in the peak of those biceps. Obviously, you guys know how to feel about dry curls. Basically, my only friend growing up. So we can pair that with a rope. Not only get the stretch in the bicep, but also the exaggeration to the top as well. And the last one doesn't look like it, but it checks the box in all three. Because you're able to flare the elbow up to the side. Again, limiting that short head. Obviously, your biceps already in stretch position there. And then as you come up, you'll supinate ever so slightly. And it sucks in a good way. Now, dumbbells are also an incredible way to really attack the peak of that bicep. The long head, especially when talking about the supination that wrist. Even if you're lazy for a fake dry curl for instance, obviously that long hand is going to be inherently lit up because your elbows back in a stretch position. But you can passively overexadrate the supination that wrist by pulling your hand even closer. And so as you curl up, it just drops that dumbbell down. It gets more of a contraction, more of a supination. Light it up even more. So this next one's a little funny looking, but let's be honest. Your mom was always too nice. She never had the heart to tell you, but you're funny looking. So this one's for you. So what you're going to do is shove those dumbbells together. As you come up, really supinate this wrist and roll them out. And again, it's just taking advantage of the supination of this wrist. But just like the one where you have one dumbbell, and you're pulling it straight up. Problem with that, though, as most people's wrists can't take that as too close together. So that little bit of separation and be able to push against that dumbbell actually roll against it. We'll help you even more until the easier the wrist. And it's going to hurt like hell. Now, if you didn't connect with any of those, then you're so broken and it's phenomenal. But if that's the case, just stick to what you know you already connect with and crank up the Intensating another way. For instance, I'm going to do a drag curl with the rest of the second hole at the top, and then I'm going to go right into a closed grip curl where I'm just wrapping it out. I'm going to go back and forth and again, if you don't connect with that, then you're always taking a pick of all. As always, like subscribe, make sure you hit that damn notification bell. Leave a comment for the video one next. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Gain Muscle Mass (The TRUTH About Sets & Reps!) [aKtxJQmGk74].txt ===

Oh, we got a lot to cover today. Sets, wraps, overtraining. My name is getting to all your dad left from your five. So, heavy, get it. If you're ready, let's get it after it. Let me start with this because a similar problem comes up and then pursuit of putting on muscle, it has a lot to do with the mental game. What's the biggest fear that anybody who works out hands when they're trying to decrease their body fat? Man, woman doesn't matter. They all say the same thing. I just don't want to lose any muscle mass. I work so hard for it. I just can't sacrifice when it works so hard for. To me, this thought process will completely hold you back. You'll never make a significant change because those dramatic results lie in the extreme ends. Whether you're trying to lose body fat, put on muscle, you really have to push yourself to a new extreme to get results. Could you lose muscle? Yeah, you could. But that's not your problem. I figured this video is watching, which was completely unrelated, but it made perfect sense to me. Someone called in and they were like, hey, I'm having trouble saving money. And the guy was like, your problem's not saving money. He just don't make enough. And to me, like, bone went off with that. But obviously with the gym as well, it's not about losing body fat and holding on whatever muscle mass you have. Just put on more muscle. And at that point, it gives you some, if you lose a little. I'm sure you're sitting there thinking, okay, easier sitting down, I'm talking about a whole face. Piece of shit. Chode. I'm gonna keep that one. I'm gonna believe that out. Chode, you're real. In my experience, most everyone has a higher genetic ceiling than they think. Really what I'm trying to say is, you're not held back by a genetic, so don't use that as an excuse. All you have to do is master intensity and consistency. You get those right, your golden. You're gonna grow. But one question comes up a lot that for me, raises a red flag. Like when a girl says she's dancing the pair of weights through college, that's great. They started to recognize your ability to pick up a dollar with her app to all those credits towards your degree. Good for you. And that's what I'm gonna message you about not putting the sets and reps in the description. Because from my perspective, that has nothing to do with whether or not you're gonna be successful. Because even when I put them in there, you shouldn't just do exactly what I did. If anything, you should take it and go, that's pretty good, and try to push it even further. So say I did eight sets, push it to nine, did sets of 20, do 25, did a couple drops sets, do even more. The idea should be, that's not even enough. You should push yourself beyond what I'm doing. So the next logical question is, what's the best number of sets and kind of rep range for me? And honestly, I air on the side of overtraining. Because one, it's where you actually see somebody who overtrains. Our bodies are capable of a lot more than our minds are willing to push through. And the second thing is, even if you're that rare exception and you are overtraining, you're still gonna get better results in somebody that's not training hard enough. And it's simple. At that point, I could do it just dial it back a little bit. Let me give you an example because I've done some dumb things in my life. One time me and a buddy just sat down were like, what can we do that would suck the most? Well, if we train legs every other day, that would probably, we'd hate that. So we did it for an entire month. Our legs didn't grow. I don't think you should ever try this. This is not an effective way to train, because for me, some of the fun of working out, it's just a mental side in the scene which are actually capable of doing we didn't get any progress during that month. But the cool thing happened is after that month, we didn't train legs for like three weeks and they blew up because I think they were just so overtrained that once we dial it back to really not even training at all, they started to respond. So the moral of today's story time is that whether you see myself or somebody else puts sets and reps in the description, don't look at that as your road to success. Look at it as a challenge. Say, okay, I see your nausea inducing leg workout. I'm gonna raise that to slightly vomiting my mouth by slowing down the reps or pausing at the bottom, or adding a completely different exercise to it, because that will lead to more results. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you're good growing. I'll talk to you soon. Oh, if you're wondering why I left, but wasn't him. It was you. You were a little laugh-ful.

=== FILE: How To Get A BIGGER WIDER BACK (STOP DOING THIS!) [cn3Gya1pXRE].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over the three reasons why your back isn't growing and if you fix these, you're no longer going to be a disappointment. But it's probably not why you think. Let's get after it. Alright, reason number one, your form sucks. Now that might seem like an obvious one in an easy fix, but it's not because during every single movement you're going to do for back. You're going to be in a constant battle, keep that supporting muscle or muscles from jumping in, taking over, and taking a Cleveland steam around your chest. Don't believe me. Think about this. During every rowing exercise you're going to do, you're going to be fighting to keep those biceps out of it. If you're not careful during a deadlift, it'll turn into a poor man squat. You can wake up the next morning after doing dumbbell pullovers and think, with the fuck kicked me in my triceps and even on a hyper extension. If your form is unlocked in, it could turn into a control burn in those hamstrings. So how do we fix this charcoal to your board of bullshit form? Well, we're going to do it on a case-by-case basis because they all have a different remedy. Now when it comes to rolling movements, you have to make sure you exaggerate the stretch and the contraction of each rep. But that doesn't mean fully extending your arm because if you extend your arm all the way, you've also fully stretched that bicep and because you're moving a significant amount of weight that was meant for your back, it means your biceps going to have one hell of a contraction to start the movement. So your goal should be, which is going to seem counterintuitive at first, is the main tenon contraction that bicep the entire time. But think of it like a static contraction because you're going to be trying to keep the elbow and fix position and make the actual movement happen by closing off and opening up that shoulder. And one way you can get really good at doing this is by working on single arm cable movements, like the seated cable row because as you go into that stretch, you'll feel that position where that shoulder is all the way turned in, that lats fully stretched and don't know where you can go any further as bicep but you don't. You stop shoulder that, you hold it and you're going to work against the stretch. So really push against that stretch, force it to open up and flare even more and then contract it up, really pull that shoulder back, get a little bit of a twist and fully contract that back, and it's better than being an asshole sitting there doing this. So when it comes to fixing somebody's form on dead lifts, it can be a daunting task because sometimes it's so ugly, you don't even know where to start. Ugh, come here, let me check you for scoliosis because if you didn't have it before, sure it's fucked do now. But in reality, it's one of two things, inflexibility or weakness. Either they have the flexibility in their ankles, their hips or that thoracic spine, or they just have weak lutes, weak lower back or weak supporting muscles, and keep that back nice and straight and safe during the entire movement. And you might be thinking, well, that's a shitload of stuff and that's going to be tough to fix. It is when you try to do it one at a time. But because we know all these muscles are involved in a dead lift and usually your form doesn't go to shit right away, it happens as you get deeper into the stretch. We can use rack beds that we can get stronger and a step by step process. So now instead of thinking, that was pretty light. I probably should go open weight. You're going to drop the pin and slightly increase the range of motion. And little by little, help you work on your inflexibility, strengthen some of those weaker muscles and make people that watch you, not throw up in their mouth. So when it comes to dumbbell pullovers or really any pullovers for that matter, it's a pretty easy one to fix because there's a very clear part of the moment that's dominated by your lats. And as you progress through it, your triceps start to take over. So unless you're sitting there thinking, well, I got shitty triceps and shitty lats. I don't care. Then what you want to do is focus on getting a nice deep stretch, contracting up and stopping before it jumps to anything else. When you feel a peak contraction that lat and then go back down. You're really not focused on pulling all the way up because if you do, you're going to feel like you got killed in your triceps. And when it comes to hyper extensions, this is where it differ from a lot of people because I think the traditional way of grabbing a 45 pound plate, holding a static contraction and throwing yourself up is about the same as grabbing a dumbbell, curly and halfway up and running around the gym like an asshole, high-fiving people. It doesn't do much. I think you're better off getting some flexion and extension in that back. And if you don't feel comfortable doing that with just your body weight, you're already too fucked up. But you can always work up to it little by little by slightly flexing forward and extending back. And then slowly exaggerate more and more as you feel more comfortable. Now you could really well have perfect form. You're doing everything correctly and that brings us to reason number two. You're doing the easy shit. And I realized this after I released a garage program because quite a few people said, holy shit, my mid and lower back is getting lit up. And a lot of that's because most people don't do exercises really calling your entire back to engage to complete the movement. And as much as I love seated cable rows because you can manipulate them and hit your back in different ways. Giving the option to those or team our rows rest of my life, I'm doing team our rows. And this one's also a quick fix because all you have to do is ask yourself, am I doing this because it's the best possible movement for me right now or is it because it's the easiest because sometimes you do want to line a bench and do a high dumbbell row. But if everything you've done that entire workout is a chess supported exercise and you haven't touched your mid back. Then you're sucking it life. And if you already know this about yourself, just simply program this into your training. Go back to those dumbbell rows. You can do two sets where you're lying on the bench, you have that chess support. So really focus on that upper back and then see you're not a complete mess. You can stand up and do two more sets where you engage that entire back. And reason number three, you're not taking different grips using different handles or pulling from different angles that are all needed to have a fully developed back. And I can't emphasize this enough. You have to be thoughtful and purposeful with the way you train your back. So nothing gets neglected because think about this. You have a straight bar and a lap pull down. The closer you walk those hands in, it changes what you hit. If you reverse your grip changes it even more. If you tilt back slightly, it's going to change it again. If you want to those people that just jerks it and lays all the way back to the ground. You're wasting your time. But it changes it. So take inventory as you go through your back workout and think, okay, if I'm hitting traps this day, to make sure that I didn't just hit my upper traps, hit my mid lower traps as well. Did I engage those rhomboids? Did I pull those rear delts? Did I engage those lats? Did I find a way to put stress on the lower part of my lats? Did I hit my lower back? Did I hit the rest of the splinter vector muscles? Did I make me feel like I'm going to ship myself? You'll know if you did. And if you need help with specific back workouts to kick your own ass with, I'll leave two links below. One's going to get you notified for when the full gym program comes out. The other one is for the garage program for people with limited equipment that you can already kick your ass with today. And if you need help with your diet, I watch this video next. Also another one of my favorites, but most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Dr. You soon.

=== FILE: How To Get BIG ARMS FAST With Dumbbells (Sets & Reps!) [Bm50gTskqCs].txt ===

All right, today we're blowing up arms, but it's going to be a little bit different because I've had a lot of people reach out and ask for a program, but I've been hesitant. I did my research, bought a few programs that are out there, and even though it was just for research, I've been disappointed. Basically, I bought the PDF version of someone taking a brown paper bag, filling it full of crap, lighting on fire, and leaving it on my doorstep. Not a good experience. Needless to say, it took a while for me to figure out exactly what I wanted to do because, yeah, I like to joke around, but I'm not the type of person that can nicely package up a shit sandwich and try to sell it to you. So what I did is I hired a development team to build an app. That way I can upload the most disgustingly horrible daily workouts where we can just kick the shit out of ourselves. Let me show you. Wow. That turned out even uglier than I hoped. So the idea is to have daily workouts that I actually do. That same thought process when I walk into gym and think, okay, I'm going to push that muscle hard enough to guarantee grows that apparently on construction paper. I don't even know what the fuck that says. I've no idea I locked down everybody. I sold it to a pole and see if everybody wants to start with a garage style gym or they don't want to go to a fully equipped gym or just throw up on every machine. But we're starting out with a dumbbell arm day. So the first exercise is going to be an incline curl right to a regular seated curl and then right into a drag curl we're going to lean slightly forward just try to get even more pressure on that by step. It should get progressively easier. So the rep range is trying to get to 15, 20 reps. If you get over 20, that's why you do damn light. You probably stop because you're bored. If it's 8 to 10 and you fail that way then you probably feel because your shoulder got involved. You just threw that way around. You're not connected to the muscles. So try to hit that 15 to 20 rep range. So with the incline curls, play around the angle of that bench. Sometimes you're going to connect more with an extreme angle where you feel like you're falling off the bench at a 45 degree angle. Sometimes it's 75 degrees, it's a slight tilt back with that elbow. But the variation I want you to do today is make sure you have the elbow locked into place. You don't let it drift forward with the curl, lock it into place and curl straight up from there. With the regular curls you're going to bring those dumbbells in between your legs, tuck those elbows into your stomach, like a preacher curl. That's just going to keep those elbows out of it. So they can't drift back and forth and keep those shoulders out of it. And on the drag curls just walk those feet in tilt slightly forward and you're going to draw a straight line from that hand up to that shoulder and pulling up on that straight line. Now there is no real number here. You're just trying to push yourself to failure. You'll know if it's too light, you'll know if it's too heavy. But once you find the optimal rep range, don't think just rep it out until it feels like it's going to blow up and you fail and then you're going right to the next exercise, back to back to back. All right, next step we got the skull crushers are going to put that bench in the slight angle. Just so we can force the stretch of that tricep a little bit more and a little bit easier on those shoulders and we're doing three drop sets. Three drop sets are actually just one set. You'll also notice on these and get my wrists involved. Part of the reason is because everybody are connected to that tricep but also gives me a point of reference to know that I'm coming down equally on both sides because we've all had a great time just repented out. Next thing we know, we take a downout of the face. This corrects that. So you know when you come down, you're able to touch those shoulders. If a reference point, you hit an equally in both sides, that way you know you're not just wonky as all hell and then you flex out from there. Then the last one, those tens felt pretty light. You might run into this as well. So what I did is I straight my arms as much as possible. Made it a horribly hard angle and I failed. All right, next up we're going to do single arm curls on the bench but we're going to try to hit that bicep from every angle. We're going to start up by hitting that short head by exaggerating, really opening up that shoulder but even letting that dumbbell drift back a little bit. So you really have to flex and get the mean to that bicep to curl it up. Then you're going to turn in and we're going to really target that break yowse and long head more. Instead of just really hammer curl coming up, we're going to exaggerate the movement even more, put more stress on it by pruning that palm when you go down so you actually feel more of that stress on that long hand and as you're curling up exaggerate the movement really flexing, supinate that wrist even more, get more of that bicep involved. The whole thing's going to be toast by this point. All right, last but not least we're going bench dips right into a close grip pushup but we're going to pre-exos both of them with parcels at the top. So starting out with 10 parcels just barely going down, trying to lean back flex and then right back down. It's a very short movement, 10 of those and then right into regular bench dips but like I said before, I like doing these best where you just really lean back, put all that pressure in your tricep, don't lock it all the way out and then go right back down. And for these I'm going to set the dumbbells up in a position where I have that wrist really supinated because for me that's just a better connection and then I try to keep a hip stitch close like into the floor really lean back, put more pressure in that tricep and then the parcels are the same. Just slightly going down, just flex it up, pre-exos, and then get right into the movement. And the benefit here is if you're stuck at home, I mean it's not a big deal. If you shoot yourself, just walk into the shower, no shame. Unless you're wife-some. Shame. I'll leave a link for an email sign up so you know when the app goes live but I'm also going to have other videos in there as far as diet, Q&A stuff. I try to get the app developers to really speed up and put the feature where you can upload just a heart of set you've done during the week and I can pick the mega-chode of the week but this is a version 2 so we'll have to wait. And no matter what restrictions you're dealing with, we're going to kick our asses all the way through it together, come out bigger and better because, f*** them. That's why. If you liked this video, here's two of my favorites on arms with limited equipment but most importantly, hit that subscribe notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get BIG BICEPS With DOG SH＊T Exercises [5xoiYyzwqvA].txt ===

Oh, hey, me again. Now I know what you're thinking. Really? Another bicep video? Here's the thing. Look down. Do you still suck? Then yeah, we got some more work to do. Let's get after it. So when I was younger for about a year and a half, I did DC training. In this part of it, I absolutely hated. One of those being that you would leave the gym feeling completely wrecked, but not in a muscular fatigue kind of way. And more so that your central nervous system was just beat up and eventually you have to de-load and that's more of a pain than the ass than anything else. So I didn't love that. But there were some weird exercises that would leave your nipples rock hard. Even better than that, they actually worked. Only thing is, there wasn't enough volume to get real results for me. So all we got to do is take those weird exercises, pair it with a shitload of volume, and you can relax. No longer do you have to walk around flexing those biceps because they'll actually be bigger. And yeah, I'll put sets and reps in the description. You needy bastards. So the first movement is a seated, easy bar drag curl. And I instantly fell in love with this one because there's a couple benefits. First being, you take the initial part of a drag curl out of the equation, which lets face it. It's basically using that bar like a rolling pin and smashing your junk on the way up. So you really don't need it. And the second thing is it allows you to fully rest that bicep at the bottom of every rep. And normally I would say that's not the way to go, constant tension wins out. But with this exercise, it's different because obviously you can overload with the shitload of weight. But even more important than that, it teaches and even forces people to push to failure and beyond. And I think that's the biggest thing that holds people back is most people not only don't push themselves to failure, but have no idea what that looks like. So with this, it's built in. When you can't lift that bar any morning, you have to roll it off your legs and smash your junk like play dough. You're failed. Good job. And if you do these things, holy crap that cedar drag curl is difficult. Try with a pronated grip sucks all the day. Another thing I didn't like about that training was the name itself. Every time somebody asks you, you'd always abbreviate because the name sounds ridiculous. You'd say DC training. And then inevitably they'd say, well, what does that mean? And you think shit dog crap. And you hate to even utter that because it reminds you of that person that doesn't like to curse. They say things like gosh darn it. Those people have a special place in my heart because every time I meet them, I think, oh, that's adorable. Life hasn't shit in your cereal yet. Let me give you my number. The moment it happens. I'm not here to help you. And I'm just want you to text me the moment that the good parenting that you got and the fact that you've been a great person in your entire life. It doesn't help you when you come home and find your wife eating a Costco size bowl of dicks. And for the next one, we don't have to go that far or even break down the bar for that matter because we're doing negative drags. Now, the problem I had with these in the past is when you're training like that and chasing a number. It's only a matter of time before your form just gets unrecognizable. So with these, if we up the reps and really lock in that form and get more robotic with our movements. It becomes a phenomenal exercise. Now, if you're unfamiliar with what a negative or reverse drag curl is, simply put your just curling up the weight like normal then you're pulling the bar towards your chest and slid it along your body all the way down. Now, when I say lock that form and make it more robotic, what I mean by that is don't just try to rush to get to the negative even though that's the most important part. You still want a good clean perfect contraction. So make sure you tuck those elbows in flex the weight up and then pull it towards your body and drag it down and repeat that every single time. Also, I don't know we're at in the game of life, but I've reached that level where you know give it shit. You got to pretty much gray shirt on with gray dead sweatpants. Feels pretty good. All right, the next exercise. Guess what? It's a drag curl. Now, the reason that DC training has so many, it's probably the same reason that I'm a big advocate for them is that it's tough to mess up a drag curl. The top of the contraction pretty much only thing that happened is a fully flexed bicep. Now with regular curls, a lock can go wrong. The gym you see half the people there, they have the wrong goal. They're trying to curl that dumbbell is highs possible or just by accident. They do it correctly, but as they get tired, they get the elbow involved, they start moving that back and forth, screw themselves. Exercise is called a pinwheel curl, but call it whatever you want because that's a very stupid name. And all you're trying to do is just show a straight line from your hand, right to your armpit, curl straight up and rotate that risk of the top. And this is a breaky-ass fucker up or because you will visibly see that thing fire at the top unless you don't have a very developed one yet. In that case, it'll look like you're getting one hell of an end grown hair. And make sure you do these unilaterally because if you don't, you're going to go cross-eyed. Alright, let's finish up with a hammer curl variation because most people grab two dumbbells and throw it up and hump the air like they're trying to get revenge so instead. It's a unilateral and really turn that shoulder in and take it out of the equation completely and then from there, you're just curling up so the elbow stays in place, rotating that risk and obviously tearing up that breaky-ass and long head. And if you haven't got the full and or garage program by now, it's a bit concerning because it's only 20 bucks. Maybe it's time for a heart to heart and talk about what's an acceptable number of only fan subscriptions to have. Either way, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you need more help with your buy steps, there's a video. There's one for try steps, but most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell. We'll get after a get growing. Talk to you soon. I can't fucking reach that.

=== FILE: How To Get BIGGER ARMS (3 MISTAKES YOU'RE MAKING!) [LS8KZZfnjzg].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to even more I'm training because if you're doing this, this or even this, you're a horrible person and you're doing it wrong. So if you're ready, let's get after it. I know you're thinking, another arm video and I don't want to have to make another one either, but there's still a lot of people out there that live in their mom's basement, which is understandable, times or tough, but I'm not okay with you looking like you live in your mom's basement. That's the case. Why don't you tell us where you get your clothes at? Because every video, five or six people comment, hey, where'd you get that shirt? No, it's a creepiest thing in the world is, it's not meeting somebody you've never met, who knows everything about you and you know nothing about them and they assume your best friends. It's meeting somebody you've never met, it assumes your best friends and they're wearing the same f***ing outfit. You almost feel bad. I apologize. I'm sorry, I'm fresh at a dirty underwear I can sell you. Alright, Mistake number one has to do with traditional barbell curls and it's not when people curl in the squat rack because to me, the secret to life is doing what you love no matter how many people you offend. The bigger issue is that most people don't have the risk flexibility to pull it off. They can't comfortably supinate those palms all the way without having to pain in their wrist or their forearms, which matters. Because if you're focused in on that, you're less likely to focus in on the connection you have with your biceps and you can unconsciously change the movement pattern to one that isn't optimal for your biceps. Let's use the old pink elephant add-ins to help illustrate this point. Now I don't want you to think of a plus-sized stripper who's a little past their prime and who's at least two kids based upon the odd length of our nipples. Could you do it? I didn't think so. Can't do it with a pain in your wrist either. So what can you do? Well for one, I'd look into using an easy bar because they made this thing for special people like you. I'm sure you're doing straight bar curls because everybody in the history of bodybuilding has done straight bar curls. But if you're curling up and as you do that wrist automatically turns in, that's a sign. Just like when you go out to eat and then you come home and shit liquid fire, that's also a sign. And with these, you're wrist-tanked and comfortable position the entire time. And then from there, it's just figuring out what head of the bicep you want to target. Go nice and close to that long head. Go nice and wide and hit that short head without adding any additional stress. Another obvious one is doing unilateral dumbbell or cable work because sometimes it's not the wrist, it's not the form, it's the shoulders themselves. They can't tuck those elbows into their sides instead they end up flaring them out and then it puts more of a stress on that forearm to open that wrist even more. And nobody should look like this. If you do, just lock that tricep onto a preacher curl or the incline of a bench and then you can work around any shoulder issue you might have. And then from there, just picking what part of the bicep you want to target. Another common issue I see is when people try to hit that lateral head of their triceps. They think just because they're using a rope, it's going to get the job done. But a lot of it has to do with your shoulders because believe it or not, they're attached to your f***ing arms. And if you're using two hands on the rope, then you're really limited by how much internal or external rotation you can get with those shoulders unless you have a longer rope or you can come into doing it one arm in a time which is not as much fun because you can't use as much weight when you smash that weight. It sounds obnoxious but you can really exaggerate and rotate that shoulder in as you come down. So then it goes from this to this and your shoulders can obviously be a huge problem as well. Even on exercises where you think you're safe, like a concentration curl. And I see this mistake a lot in this exercise because people think well, nothing bad can happen to me. So I'm going to have the heaviest weight possible and throw it up and down. Or all I have to do is shove my elbow into my knee and good things will happen. But if you're not focused in on making sure that bicep fights the weight during the eccentric part of the movement, that shoulder will dip in, jump in and take over. So there's two things you can do. One you can wind that foot out a little bit more, which is going to shorten the range of motion, which is fine. It'll just make sure that shoulders are already locked into place and it's on your bicep working or use lighter weight. That fixes it. I'm going to wrap this up by saying that I'm going to start throwing a male time in some of these videos because you'd be surprised all the ran. I'm shit that companies send me. Everything from Chinese their guns to asspray. But I've learned my lesson and life's dated me a little bit. For instance, one time one of my accidents said, you know it'd be great if we shirt our deepest darkest secrets for each other. I said, okay, you first. Then about halfway through a story, I realized, oh, you were a prostitute, which is a weird thing to learn six months into the relationship. She goes, no, that's not the case. Me and my friend just got paid money to do weird shit for people. I said, okay, give me an example. Well, one time we went to this guy's house and you know those ladles he served soup with, he had it shoved up his ass. And he didn't want anything from us. He just wanted us to be little on and talk shit to him. He said, wow, you went for me judging your life harshly to admiring you. Well, played. So obviously, I'm going to get a PO box because it's more than likely someone's going to show up to my house with a ladle up their ass. And this hilarious is that is, I don't have to explain that to my wife. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program, I'll leave a link below. There's been over 15,000 people that have taken it. And they all have a love hate relationship with it. And I've only had to give two refunds and they're to the same guy because he bought the thing three times. Don't ask me. And if you haven't got a chance to watch these two videos, I'd watch those next. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and share this video because that helps grow this channel and get after it. Get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get BIGGER ARMS FAST (Stop Resting!!) ｜ Dumbbell Only Workout [utbL_vmgAXM].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting arms, and we're going dumbbells only. Because I realized not everybody's blessed is made of access to a gym like this. I want to say, bless, what I really mean is I'm just really good at breaking in the places because growing up, my older brother was a complete asshole. And he was the favorite, so he had all the good shit. I'm talking pugs, magic cards, transformers. You know, the ones you piece together and make this beast of a transformer. So every day when he went to school, locked his door, and it was my mission to break in. He was justified too, because I broke all his shit. He was so pissed, he moved out of the age of 12. What can I say? I go hard in the paint with transformers. When it comes to arms, I really hammered on the fact you need a light enough of the weight, focus on the contraction, and effort to get people to stop dry, helping reps up on top of that higher volume and higher reps you're going to be your friend. But one thing I haven't talked about pretty much at all is the amount of rest you should take. And when it comes to arms, you should take as little as possible. And what I mean by that is your rest comes between exercises, not sets. You're only just taking enough time to change the weight, take 2D breaths, and go out again. You got 3 to 5 sets, or if you're doing unilateral work, there is no rest. You're just going back and forth until the actual sets are done. And I know it's a little counterintuitive because most people think you've got to progress with the overload to put on the most muscle. And you are to an extent, right? Those first couple sets, you'll go up and wait. But by that third force set, you can only hope to stay the same. In all reality, you're probably going to have to back that weight back down, because there would be so much blood in the muscle and you're not going to be able to move. So yeah, you're overloading the muscle, but it's because the intensity of that exercise because of those short breaths. All right, so we're starting with single arm curls with your arm against the wall. Now, benefit there is a real short range of motion. And it weighs no time to pushing blood in that muscle, causing trauma, just getting a horrible pump going, because some exercises that have a real long range of motion, you'll notice you might get two sets in before you really have that nice, great contraction connection to the muscle. This one, within that first set, it's going to be blown up. Typically, I start with a tricyp exercise. Usually, some sort of cable extension, just getting enough blood in the elbow, so you don't sound like crunchy pieces of shit, but because we're doing dumbbells only, next best thing, start with a bicep exercise. It'll just get enough blood in there indirectly, that I mean, if I try to do some sort of skull crusher or overhead extension, I mean, I'd have to listen to the entire workout. So this way, you get enough blood, warm some up, you're good to go. I'm gay from the mud. Does that on my hands? Throw black a tree. All right, next up, we're going to do a single arm over at extension or a single arm French press. What do you want to call it? The one thing I want you to watch out for over here is letting the elbow relax and flirt at the side, because most people do this, I used to do this a lot to, is you just get in a place where you're comfortable. And usually what that means is that tricep is not as stretch as it could be. Like if you were at a pullover machine, you know that every time you do that machine, your triceps gets sore too. That's because that deep stretch you get from those triceps, and you have to engage those triceps to start that lat movement. So knowing that, we could do that same thing, and push those triceps in a deeper stretch by turning the elbow forward, flaring that lat out a little bit, and then pushing that stretch back, and then flexing up from there. So instead of putting it in place where you can kind of relax and just flex that tricep up, we'll put it in a place where it's in an extreme stretched position and then flex from there. There's root tricep, all I've been doing. Obviously no reason to lock out of the top. Just keep that short range of motion, constant tension, and then push that stretch as much as you can, while still being able to keep the elbow tucked in. Mm. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. All right, next step we're doing two variations. A pretty good one goes back to back. Like how the demo just randomly appeared in my hand. It's fucking magic. So the first one's going to be traditional. So the elbows tucked to the side, but what I do want you to do is make sure you shove the elbow back behind the shoulder. So it's just that bicep working. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Show it to me. Then you're going to go right into a very easy way. Open up that shoulder even more. Lean against that quad and then target that short hand. Yeah. Show it to me. Show it to me. Show it to me. Show it to me. Show it to me. All right, so we're finishing up with a little bit different variations of score crushers. So what we want you to do is line the ground. Put that demo almost like it's sitting on your shoulder. That way when you have to start the contraction after reach back, grab it, stress that tricep, puts that elbow to perfect angle, but also makes you get those wrists involved. So to contract it up, you're going to flex it wrist away. As you come back to get to the starting position, you have to flex that wrist back towards you. That's for me that's just a better stretch, better contraction, and it gets more engagement. Where do you raise the bar? What is up to my chin? What's up, my dick? So as always, like some tri-of-the-notification bell. Leave a comment for the video on next. Get after get going. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get BIGGER BICEPS...GUARANTEED! [jhR_Sfi2uWo].txt ===

So how do you make sure without a shadow of doubt that when your bicep workouts over, you're going to grow? That's what today's about. If you define hard before, is sweating it out, trying to get that perfect picture of your junk to send you your new tender match? This is going to be brutal. Just a little words of wisdom. It's all about those angles. So the idea for this video came about when somebody came up with me and the gym and said very seriously, I need to tell you something. Got a ball showing what it's going on. Turns out the guy was just deeply concerned. He wasn't working out hard enough. And he wanted to make sure that every workout counted. First that was, no, never scared me like that again. Second, how do I give him advice in a way that he can't take, go out on his own and completely screw up? Because say you think you're just going to up their reps. They're doing 8 to 10 before and now you're going to have him do 20. They go to the rack and they grab lighter weight. They do 20. They stop. How do I do? Nope. All right, that didn't work. Maybe you'll just have him do drop sets because they know they can't weasel out of that. Then you see them do their drop sets and they start with the press at 50 pounds and they drop to 10 and then 5. That's not going to work either. So I spent last night thinking, how do I put people in this little box of pain that they can't get out of and it's just a horrible experience? All right, method number one, we're going to take parcels, pre-exhaust and then you start the set and the parcel reps are to complete failure because the idea here is to make the actual working set nearly impossible to complete because say your goal is to hit a set of 20 on the actual working set of curls. That form on the parcels is slightly below and slightly above parallel. You're just pushing a ton of blood in there. So even if you're in a notorious dry hump or a bad form, it doesn't matter. There's so much blood in that bicep that even if you screw the form up, you're going to get some growth. Now if you did those and you found those weren't excrucianely painful, then congratulations, your wizard. All right, for the next method, we're going to use a stopwatch to ruin our lives because you can even tell in that last set, I'm just going as fast as I possibly could just to get it down because it was so painful. But we all know, time under 10 is a good thing. So we're going to forcefully stay in that set longer even if it's just a static hole. The idea here is to go slow as possible for three minutes. Now if you go to the point where you're like, I can't even do one more. I want you to throw it up, go halfway down and just hold as long as you can. If you get to the point where you can't even hold that, just let it down a little bit lean back and just make sure there's tension on that bicep still, but you have to keep holding the weight for the entire three minutes. About a minute I was like shit, I got a film on again with 20s because this is just way too light. A minute 30? Uh oh, something's happening. Two minutes in, this is how it ends. I'm going to piss shit my pants die and this would be the last footage anybody ever sees of me. For the last one, I tried to take out every potential way these could be screwed up. So lying on the floor, those arms have to be touched on the ground the entire time. There is no adjusting the weight. The exercise is going from hardest and progressively get easy and easier, but by that point there's someone who's blood and muscle, they feel like they're getting harder. So start out with a reverse grip curl, then into a closed grip and then wide. So you're hitting everything from short head long head, break yallas. The entire bicep is blown up. There's no rest and there's no number. You just push it to failure, go to the next one, push it to failure, go to the last one. Alright so if you liked that, here's a link to another one of my favorite arm videos. Also just another full arm day if you need that and as always make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get BIGGER Biceps FAST (Hint..Start Doing These!) [5Aq-aVejGeU].txt ===

All right, today we're training biceps. We're going to start up by grabbing the easy bar with that bench and a slight incline into a compound set. Reverse grip curls right into wide grip regular curls. The reason for that is because I just did a set, blew it my arms and thought, that sucked, I should probably show that. The nice part is it just primed an entire bicep and the weight that you can use for 20 reps for reverse grip curls. That's horribly hard and painful. You barely get there. It's perfect because it pre-exos for those supernating curls and it's going to make it horribly hard and you probably won't get there. And you get the most out of these whether it's the first set or reverse or the second of regular curls makes you keep those elbows forward the entire time. Don't let them drift back so you can throw it up, make sure you're locked into place and you're flexing it up. So recently I've been setting up shop in the cable crossover machine when I'm hitting biceps because one, I like to run out of the people's day, but also the connection with that long head has been tremendous. Fantastic, fantastic, unbelievable. I need some more adjectives. My go-to exercise recently is a little counterintuitive because I'm not putting that bicep back behind the shoulder and stretch position. I'm actually taking a step back from the machine holding those arms up nice and high and then just the act of closing that shoulder off puts more tension on that long head. But just so I cover my ass, then I turn around and go into the traditional way you would do curls for the long head on cables because what's the worst is it going to happen. I'm going to train them too hard. They're going to grow and I'm going to look like more of an asshole. So what? Our finishing off those biceps with a little run the rack drops at really target in the meat of that bicep, the short head. So we're going to lock that arm into place, open up that shoulder and then push it to failure. You know you're on the right track, we're going to on that last set of drops and like shit, these are heavy and you look down and they're tensed. I'm going to use that offhand as a poor man's preacher curl that way. I can open up that shoulder more, change is the angle a little bit, but also it's easy to duplicate on both sides. The last thing you want is have a great connection to one side and then you're fighting to find that same connection other side, end up with one big arm and one that looks like shit. We got some house cleaning to do. First thing is I've seen some videos and they're good. I got some transitions, title tags, you did your research? Good job. Their main point was I built this base of muscle mass training heavy and then I started doing all this weird stuff. Truth is I've talked about this before. I had an ego. So when the camera turned on, what do you do? You want to look cool? You're trained fucking heavy. Definitely not the way I would normally train, but if you need a case study, last year and when I really started uploading consistently, this is how I looked. And this is me today. Right before that, my wife and I did a half iron man that almost killed me. Half of the marathon was in the sand. I got disqualified because I'm an asshole. Which brings me the other videos that people make is a natural. Now this one I don't get because I've told you before, HRT literally saved my life. If I didn't have that, I'd be depressed and are a bridge somewhere. Or a van down by the. If you're over the age of 25, man, woman, well, I'll even right now over the age of 20 because it's such a stressful time to be alive. And you don't get your blood worked out every six months. I don't know what to tell you. Don't underestimate how much cortisol can crash your entire system. If you want to try to bring it up naturally, go ahead. I mean, I've snorted enough tribulus to kill a small elephant, but you can try. If you get your blood worked out and find out as low and you're like, screw it. I'm not doing anything. I'm proud to be dysfunctional by all means. I just hope you got good to play with Plato as a kid, so you can smash that marshmallow yours into something useful because you're f***ing one more thing. If your levels are good, you're going to put on muscle. If they're low, you go find a doctor. It's that simple. Don't overcomplicate this. If you liked this video, here's another one on Biceps. If you need one for triceps, there's one for you. But most importantly, make sure to subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after you get grown. Doctor soon.

=== FILE: How To Get BIGGER CALVES (3 MISTAKES YOU'RE MAKING!) [alINH7igRU4].txt ===

Are you still having trouble growing those calves? Then you're probably doing one of these three things wrong. And yeah, there are some people born with those big thick Midwestern mom calves, but even if you're not blessed with those, it may be difficult, but you can still get them to grow. Maybe even the point that you're not ashamed yourself anymore. So let's get after it. Now I was tempted to say the secret is to walk on your toes everywhere you go. That way the next time I go to the gym, I'll see a bunch of people tiptoeing around, but I'll say that for another video. Now my calves used to be garbage. To the point where I would wear pants year round. And I live in Arizona. So by the end of the day, my balls were gasping for air. So it's nice to be able to wear shorts, let them air out, and not be filled with so much self hatred. So I know for a fact, this is going to work for you. Reason number one, you're not training with the same intensity you use for every other body part. Let me know if this sounds familiar. You're in the gym ready to train legs. So you think, okay, I'll start in the seated calf race. Do three, four sets. Maybe go to the standing calf race, four sets there, but that's it. A little pumped up hard to walk, but that's your calf workout. Now I want you to think back at the most intense exercises you've ever done. I guarantee you regardless of the body part, they weren't just simple straight sets. So reaching your bag of dicks and pull out some of those techniques and use them for calves. If you're not making drops, that's a staple of every single calf workout you're missing now because unlike other body parts that need a little time to rest and recover, otherwise you go from doing 20 reps to two, calf to resilient. So as much times it takes you to strip the weight is about all they need. Did you know you could even use your own chubby asses of mechanical drop on a seated calf race? All you're going to do is lean forward during the set and when you start to fail, shift some of that husky pressure off your calves by leaning back and you'll be able to force out even more reps. Or my personal favorite, the oh my god, they're about to pop partial reps. As normally you have to fight like hell and go to a really dark place to be able to get to the finish line, lock out that weight and let out a victory tier. But instead of resting you go right into partial so you flex that weight up, then it come all the way back down, take tension off those calves and then do it again and keep doing it until you can't even lift the weight. And the pain is going to be unbearable. So feel free to locate the closest person and punch him in the neck. Reason number two has to do with frequency. I hate to be the bearer bad news, but once a week isn't going to cut it and I know some of you are going to throw up in your mouth when you hear this, but the moment I decided that every day I was in the gym, I was going to train calves. That's when I started seeing some serious results. Wait a minute, that means you could be sore the next time you train him. Yeah, but again, calves are a different beast and your body will quickly adapt and you'll be able to handle it. But also, I may not know you, but I understand human nature and when I say do it every single time you're in the gym, you'll end up doing it three times a week. And reason number three, how you flex that calf matters. And I've seen people argue against this saying that you're going to get equal tension no matter what. So just flex straight up. I think that's bullshit. I think how you place your foot, whether or not you pronate or supinate as you can track up, is what determines how that tension is distributed throughout your calf. Don't believe me, try this. Grab 225 pound plates and throw them on the ground. Start up by putting one between your feet, turn those toes out, 45 degrees, step on the plate, and then pronate those feet as you flex up. If you don't feel more tension on the outside of your calf, you're lying. Next, stand on the inside of both those plates, turn those feet, 45 degrees, step on top of there. Now, supinate as you can track up. And if you don't feel more tension on the inside of your calves, then you're even more full of shit than I previously thought. So not only do you have to find ways to increase the intensity of your workouts and up to frequency of them, but also exercise is allow you to pronate and supinate those feet, which is actually pretty damn easy. You can just hop on the leg press, start with those toes out at 45 degrees, and then pronate as you flex up for 20 reps. Then turn them straight, 20 more reps, and then turn those toes in, supinate as you flex up, 20 more reps, and pain. For more pain, check out the 30 day programs on the link below again. 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. Have a watch these two videos, watch those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get BIGGER LEGS (4 INTENSE EXERCISES!) [JfbPNEpU5k0].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting legs and we're taking all the hardest things you can do and putting in one workout. So if you have trouble growing those legs, this will fix that. If you've ever had somebody to tell you to go fuck yourself and you sat there and wondered, what does that even look like? This is what that looks like. All right, so we're starting off with the barbell split squat. Now we're going to have to do a couple sets, just body weight, just get everything warmed up. But then when we get into it, we're going to make a couple tweaks to make it that much harder. First, because I want this to be more of a quad dominated movement, I'm going to slightly lean forward, putting more pressure on that quad. And then we're also going to slow it down so we can really focus on getting nice deep stretch, but also controlling that contraction, making sure we're flexing up, driving through that heel. Finally, we're going to open up that quad to give it more room to work. Because if you stay straight in line, you're going to blame on that quad, yeah, it's still a good movement, but we want to open it up and feel like you're pulling yourself off the ground. A couple quick notes on that one. First, you can tell by driving that knee out, you're pulling more than that media-less. If you want to hit more of that ladder-house, just keep that leg straight. Just got to be careful not to bounce off of your leg and actually use your stomach to drive you up. Second thing is, just like all the quad things that talk about, don't come all the way up. Make sure you're contracting the way up, stopping, pausing, flexing, and then back down. I'm going to do like this. You're going to want one of these. All right, next horrible idea. We're going to do some high rep sets on stiff legs. Now, I'm going to use straps now because it's heavy, but because I want to be able to let that weight drift forward and pull it back up without thinking about just gripping on, just barely holding onto these. These were pretty damn well. Just pulling from those hamstrings. Also, when I get down with my set, I can annoy this shit out of the person next to me. And to put even more stress on those hamstrings, you're going to let that bar drift forward, but to keep that bar path the same straight up and down. I'm going to drive those hips back at the same time. So it's going to be extreme stretch on those hamstrings and slowly contract it up. So it'll feel like you're drifting forward, but because those hips are dropping back and you're stretching those hamstrings more, it's going to be straight up and down. This is another exercise. You're going to get more out of it by not locking it out because you're going to contract through those hamstrings into those glutes. And then if you go any higher than you drive into that lower back, or you're going to be that one person who drives it all the way back and I don't know what you're doing with your life. First ever doing old school hip thrust off the floor, but we're doing a little bit different. The way I normally do these is almost as if I think the size of my junk is correlated to how much I can hump off the floor. And it ends up looking cool. The bar bends and it just smashes on the ground, makes a lot of noise. People get freaked out, but the bar almost cuts you in half, even with these nice pads that feel like they take some of the tension off, feels like you're getting sawed in half by the bar. So we're going to intensify it in a different way. First thing is I'm going to go so disgustingly slow that 2205 is going to feel heavy. Also, I'm treating this movement like an abductor to really contract those glutes even more. So I start up by slightly turning out those toes and making sure during the negative part of the movement, those knees stay in line with those toes. But as I contract up, I'm opening up those hips, driving those knees out and just blowing that ass out in a non-mixie-confood gun-away. Alright, let's ruin our life in the last set. So we're going to do front squat and then right into walking lunges. Now the front squat, feet are nice and close, toes turned out, driving those knees out. I mean, it's light, 135, but still could kill me at this point. So since this is a full leg day, all three sets of lunges are going to be different. The first one's more quad dominant. So it's a shorter step. You're going to let that knee drift over your toe unless you've had 70 surgeries. Don't do that. If you haven't, you're good to go. Let drift over your toe and then come up about three quarters away. Maybe even half way just to keep that tension on the quad. Next set is your entire leg. So you want to step out to where you're about 90 degrees and you can drive equally from that quad hamstring glute all the way through. And the last one I really want you to reach out with that, because I want you to feel like you're pulling yourself up with your hamstring and you're going to drag that back leg to get out. Couple of things to note. First I caught my ass a week in it and a couple of those front squat reps. So make sure you don't let that butt tuck underneath like I did. I'll just frame my back to be so strong that it just disregard my feelings altogether. And because I know I'm going to get 175 emails on this, I want to put the link to this pad. These straps and this mongo-sized water bottle probably won't be affiliate links because you're going to know I'm not having that. Share the link to one of my other favorite leg videos. Also just another one of my favorites in general. And then make sure and most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get BIGGER, WIDER, CAPPED Shoulders (Side Delts) [1KFgz0rGflc].txt ===

Okay, the office. All right, today we're going to oversight dealt specifically a couple different movement patterns that I've added to my training. It instantly got a better connection that lateral head. So if you're ready, let's get after it. I don't know about you, but quarantine changed me. Start doing some words, yeah. So typically when I do side of that, I always have my arm in a nice fixed position coming right up to the side. But the one thing you're fighting against the entire time is making sure that anterior dog doesn't jump in and try to help. So what I've been doing is that it's more of a wide grip upright row. When it started out, I actually tilt a little bit forward. That way it's lateral head, maybe a little posterior dealt, but there's no chance that the anterior dog jumping in at all. And as they come up, it's more of an arching motion to come up, which yeah, it could potentially jump in that rear dog, but usually what happens is it starts to light up that side out and as you squeeze back and finish that contraction off, it really peaks out the contraction off in that lateral head. Now I'm not trying to hard sell you on this as a better way to do it. If you feel more of a connection going straight arm like that, well, it means to do it. But there's too many things that can go wrong for most people when they have that dumbbell way out there. Their traps can jump in. I mean, obviously your flex and your bicep is hard to do you can just to get that to hold out straight, your forearms can put any flex. Just there's so many other muscles involved that when you start to bend that elbow a little bit, now that bicep is actually a little bit loose as you're doing it. So that takes it out of there. It's harder to flex that trap. You really have to, you have to really screw up to flex that trap as you're doing it. So I think it's just a better overall movement if you want to stay connected to that side down. And the cool thing about is that movement path still lends us out to all my favorite side exercises like the leaning side lateral where typically you have that dumbbell right on your side. Your squeeze nut nice shallow movement and you're trying to hit where it just right word inserts. That's the hyper target area. Same thing here. You just bring it up in front of you as you squeeze up. You just wrap it around you. Just a hair. Squeeze hold the top two, three seconds. And then go back down. So during quarantine, I started to do a more mechanical Arnold presses which basically you're really structured. You stay 90 degrees the entire time. You flex back and then you drive it up. And I forgot how much I love those. But not for anterior delts. I mean the press feels like it's useless by that point. It's that incredible intense contraction you get from wrapping that elbow around and flexing that lateral head. So if we can set up a movement that takes advantage of just the rotations by getting a bench, putting on the slide of inclines. And then mimicking it all the way down to the palms facing you at the bottom. As you rotate it up, turn those palms towards the ground. And then make sure you hold that contraction at the top for at least two seconds. Really engage it. Feel like you're flexing and finishing that contraction off by squeezing those delts and back down nice and slow. This is how I know as dropped a lot of the kit. There's this air conditioning behind me that's going to go out. It's louder than shit. And my first thought was not, it's called professional. My first thought was there's a football back there. If I throw it 10 times at it, I bet you I can shut it up. Needless to say, my life had broken a lot of shit. So as always, like subscribing to the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video I'll meet you next. And get after it, get growing. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get Bigger Legs! (PPL： Sets & Reps) [HBkOAif8kjs].txt ===

All right, today we're going through the most grueling leg workout you can do for a PPL split and if you make it through this, your legs will never be the same. If more than likely you're going to get halfway through, pat yourself on the back and go home and masturbate, but it's better than most. So as much as I'm looking forward to ruining my life and some of this new equipment, we're not going to use it today for two reasons. First being consistency that push pull workout, I use very little equipment, maybe a cable here and there, but for the most part, the things you can do, where you're still living in your mom's basement, waiting for your doge to skyrocket. The second thing is there's still a lot of negativity around some of these machines like this leg extension, if I've access to one, I'll start every leg day with this exercise. So I need to take time and go over the proper way to do them and help get rid of that stigma. And is there a little bit of risk? Yeah, we don't want to come off a brace of, but what happened to you? He used to face danger head on. I'm sure when you were a young man and the first woman offered to put your penis in her mouth, he didn't hesitate. Even though looking back now at her level in experience, was a bold move, especially when she smiled and revealed what appeared to be the American gladiars got little braces. And I could pretty much guess what your inner voice said. Fuck it because it was worth it. And even though you could learn the definition of degoving the hard way, you went for it. And a lot of these machines and exercises that people with small legs tell you not to do are worth it as well. All right. So the way today's going to go is we're going to start up by hitting very specific part of our legs and integrate some other muscles to get beat down and then wrapping it up by screwing up the rest of them. But we're starting off with the quads and one of my favorite exercises no matter what equipment you have static lunges. And there's two ways you can screw these up. The first way is just being a lazy human and coming up high enough where you can rest at the top. So if you know that about yourself, just use a barbell instead. It's going to limit that range of motion, but these aren't about that. Measure about just driving a ton of blood and inducing a lot of pain. The second is putting too much pressure in that back leg. So make sure you tilt slightly forward and make sure that working leg is doing most of the work. And this is where some people will say why not do a split squat instead, which is a great exercise. But when you fail on those, you're done. You have to sit there and think about how shit your life is with these. You can start to recruit that back leg a little bit more and push that working leg beyond failure. All right. Now those quads a little toasty. Let's lean into that and make them even worse by doing a really underrated exercise. Step ups and a lot of people avoid these and I assume it's because every time they go visit their grandma, she's got her head band on. So you get some five minutes in on the rebox steps. You got from Target before she takes out a chicken pot pie from the freezer and thoughts at for a post workout meal. And nobody wants to be associated with that. But when you do these correctly, they're phenomenal. And the two things to note on these is one we're not switching back and forth. I don't care what your doctor said about getting your heart rate up. We're trying to hurt ourselves. So stand that same leg, push it to failure and then switch. And second, it doesn't matter how high of a bench or box you have. We can exaggerate the stretch by dropping that back leg, increasing the range of motion that quad has to work through. And then when you come up, don't lock it out and sit there. Keep constant tension. So stop a little short, go back down and just rep it out. And this is where things really start to go south because now we're doing three high rep sets of low bar squats. And if that's not enough, we take that same weight and do walking lunges. If you get through this, some horrible happen to you when your kid uses blocked it out. You're fucked up. And the biggest thing with those low bar squats is that this point, your quad's are done. So don't expect you to help too much. Try to sit at the bottom of the movement, drive it into those glutes and contract those hamstrings to pull you up. And in terms of the walking lunges, bile means try to cheat, but it's not going to help because there's no number of hit. You push yourself to failure. Once you tuck it and wave the white flag, you're done, but you don't feel good about it. All right, we got two exercises left. And if you're one or two rounds sitting down, it's because usually before I film these videos, I have to go through the entire workout in the morning to make sure it's something you love and hate as much as I do. So I really don't want any part of this right now. I want to go home and eat a box of cinnamon toast crunch and fall asleep taking a shit. So to make sure nothing gets neglected, we're going to finish with dumbbell stiff. So it makes you really push that stretch, but maintain a flat back. So you can even let those dumbbells drift out in front of your feet. And then as you contract up, we're only coming up three cores the way because last thing you want to have happen is it jumps into your lower back and your back says not today. And last but not least, we're going to grab a plate and do some mutilateral cath work. Because I think the angle you contract that cath up on matters. Also allows us to do some anterior tibialis work. So I'm going to fuck the whole thing up. And like I said before, if you haven't checked out the program, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Really, there's been 15,000 people that have self-identified said, a little messed up. And if you made it through a majority of this workout, it's probably you too. And if you missed the push or pull of this ppl split, I'll leave the links to those two videos. And most importantly, subscribe. Flip that little clitoral bell because the algorithm likes that. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get Bigger Shoulders Fast (FIX THESE 3 MISTAKES!) [yedt8YYOWyk].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over some of the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to training shoulders and there's a lot of them. So let's get after it. Oh, no another shoulder video. We're not leaving this. So first things for a sense. A lot of people asked I'm definitely making a science-based series, but I get my facts and figures in order because the last thing I want to have happened is somebody make a reaction video that calls me out from misquoting the exact number of anal fissures that happened per day or Makes me look like a fool because I didn't do my clitoral research, but the reason I want to make this video is because it must have been shoulder day at the gym and I saw some horrible form and anybody's ever done this before knows you can't just walk up a nicey say hey, your form makes me nauseous because for some reason people lose their shit and especially as a man trying to help out a woman They think you're creeping on them. I've even been preface by saying hey, I'm married. I'm not trying to hit on you. I just want to let you know that you're formed pretty shitty, but even that hasn't gone over so well. So I'm going to reach into my seventh grade playbook and start giving mixed tapes to everybody. You know how I want to grow a like you she feel a CD full of her favorite songs. I'm going to do that, but instead of filling it full of alias songs. I'm going to put this video on there. Give it to him and say hey, I made this because of you. I started by talking about pressing movements now doesn't matter somebody's using lighter heavy weight more often than not you'll see the same form. They come down. He's talking about halfway and they drive it back up. Now you think since I'm the king of parts of movements, I'd be into this, but I think they're missing the most important part of the movement to me the most important thing to focus on is driving that stretch is deepest possible those anterior delts and the initial part of the contraction. This is going to ensure that the primary focus are those delts. If you're coming down halfway stopping and driving it up, you can get those shoulders to fail, but when they do those triceps are going to jump in and help out. Good sign this is happening is that if you've ever got done with shoulder day and realized only crap my arms are blowing up. That's a good indication to just screw it up instead if you focus on the bottom of the movement. Yeah, you're going to end the set with really short range of motion, but it doesn't matter because the only thing that's working are those anterior delts and you can push them to complete failure. And just so we're clear, I'm not saying don't do full range of motion. You absolutely should, but when you start to fail, don't force out reps that look like you've been at the club and you're just doing enough ecstasy to kill a small horse and you're continually trying to lock out the elbow because it's a lot more impactful to focus on getting his deep stretches possible and only contracting his highs that anterior delts will let you. Another frequent offender today had to do a side lateral. So now a lot of things can go wrong with these too much bend in the elbow. I've even seen people flex or forms for some weird reason, but the most offensive and common thing today was that jolt forward with her head makes you want to go to him and say, We're the f***ing going. Now, I'm not a hundred percent certain on this, but I assume that if you see somebody doing this, you're in your legal right to be able to tackle them and drag them to a bench like this, as long as you yell out, citizens arrest for so feel free. And even though your traps are really engaging as your tough amount head forward, they're not actually causing it. That's more of a learned behavior. So you can easily fix that by sitting against a bench, putting that head back, keeping that form nice and tight and retraining yourself how not to screw them up. And the last thing isn't so obvious, until you take a step back and realize that most people train shoulders, the same exact way. They'd pick one exercise for anterior delts, one for lateral head and then one for posterior delts to do four sides of each. And that's their day, which absolutely works. But if you watch people close enough, you realize it takes them two sets to find the damn weight. So they really only get two working sets in. So why not instead just commit to doing less sets and more exercises. So instead do two exercises for each head of the delts and commit to doing two sets of each. That way you can't have acid. You only have two sets. So you got to go all out for those two sets. Otherwise, you're screwed. So if you got a chance to check out the program, I'll link that below. It's a dollar of video. It's 20 bucks. You can't justify that. I can't help you. And here I've got a chance to watch these two videos next. Most importantly, subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after a get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get Rid of Man Boobs (ULTIMATE CHEST FAT FIX!) [Q7rlkPsq8Uw].txt ===

All right, today we're going to the most underappreciated part of every dad bod you know the one the man boobs and I'm right there in this camp on my body Fickets over a certain percentage I don't know how to test it. I'll just be the grocery store and some may walk up and try to milk me and if I wasn't so offended I let him now the obvious fix of this is just get revolved your friends I down to ridiculous to low percentage of body fat and stay there for the rest of your life, but there's a more sustainable and faster way to get rid of those glorious others So if you're ready, let's get after it. Let me start up by saying if you're dealing with actual mass of tissue or an apple is That's a surgical issue this video is not gonna help, but for most men That's not the case. They just develop an excess amount of fat around their chest either because their mom told them that every time they have sugar Just have a diet soda and they'll cancel each other at which obviously didn't work or because they had a genetic lottery And their body is exceptional and a romanticizing testosterone, but either way they got a move problem And the fastest way to fix this is by pairing two things together Obviously a diet that's going to decrease your body fat, but also chest training that really targets that lower and outer part of your pack And before anybody says you can't do that and dictate what part of your chest grows more than another I completely disagree and if you're one of those people need a case study to believe anything Just use yourself as an example hold that arms straight up in flexure chest. Obviously it's hard to connect that lower part of your pack Now drop it down do the same thing congratulations You're done just by doing that you can see and feel that certain movements are gonna stimulate specific muscle fibers more than others in the same muscle If you're sitting there thinking this guy has no idea how many goals starts and gotten kindergarten how smart I am I've already thought of this I've been doing it. It's not working if that's the case You're probably not connected to that chest as well as you could be and you're doing things like dips or a declime bench And the anterior delts you're just taking over those movements So when you go everything from cables to no equipment whatsoever And how to really connect to that lower and outer part of your chest all right So we're starting off with cables and if anterior delts are the reason your chest isn't growing then Unilateral work is the way to go because it's more than just flexing your chest and focusing on one side Compared to both there's a lot more going on you try to flex that chest to the anterior delts out of the movement Figure out what position to put your elbow and it gets you the best contraction what angle or path to take I'm gonna try to do that on both sides Even though the both sides are built differently and they're gonna take different tweaks to have that great connection That's a difficult task regardless how many f***ing goals stars you got one of the best ways I found for cables is setting up at chin heights That way can come down in about a 45 degree angle. I step away from the machine to get a nice deep stretch And I also have a supinated grip because if I try to go pronated And a triceps has not today. I'm trying to jump in take over so supinated and have a great connection When it comes to dumbbell work it'd be nice if we all had a declime bench in our garage But most gyms don't even have a good declime bench. They have one set of for abs and try to go take some dumbbells over there You have to throw them back and risk your life or you do curls off the floor You know I'm talking about but in reality you just have to be resourceful because even at the gym sometimes I'll make my own declime bench by sitting on my feet and track them abs to stabilize myself and in reality I'm not using much weight, so it's perfectly safe and do it a mix between a barrel press and a fly movement always using the best connection So like I promised we're finished out for the moment. You don't need any equipment for it So reverse grip push up with the twist we're doing it off a bench where I do one set of time Rep it out keep that connection and then switch benefit here You can dictate how much weights on your chest by how much you lean into it Really limit those secondary muscles jumping in but also you can make sure that chest is leading the moment A lot of times with something like dips once that shoulder jumps in your screwed With these you can pull those shoulders back for such a nice and tall and as you drive up twist and flex all day from the outer pack all the way to the inner part of your chest So if you like this video make sure you watch these two next if you haven't seen them most importantly Makes you subscribe hit that notification bell and get after get growing talk to you soon

=== FILE: How To Get WIDE SHOULDERS (DON'T SKIP THESE!) [Nuf3LXKrGW0].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over all my favorite side lateral variations because I know if you try all of these You're gonna find one you connect with more that's gonna transform the way you train your shoulders and just blow up those doubts But also because the reason I get to do this is it lost on me? It's because of people like you who watch this so when you request something I make it because I know where I'd be otherwise I'll be on some street corner flipping a sign that gives bad directions and talking shit to people Hey, what's your name? You're Tony Let me first preference by saying that a lot of the exercises I do I would consider to be on the fringe some people might consider them dangerous But I feel like if you use light enough weight you could show it through the moment You're gonna localize that pressure to whatever Delta had had you're trying to hit But if you don't feel comfortable doing don't do them Although I would argue that that crunch wraps a cream that you inhaled before watching this video Probably a little more harmful to your health, but to each their own by the start of the little Reacency bias because I'm doing these a lot lately now instead of that traditional side lateral with that thumbs up Poms supernated that shoulders open up and your squeeze out to the side up and opt to stabilize myself on a bench and coming a little bit different path Because the other way starts out great you're coming up at about three cores the way in you naturally just duck that head forward and those Mongoloy traps eat the entire movement and even if you don't have huge traps You're still naturally gonna duck that head forward because it's just the path of least resistance So instead you can kneel on a bench that's on a steep incline legance there and really arch that back that way You know that those delts that they only think firing through the movement and then from there It's figuring out what's the best path for you so for me It's just letting those arms drift forward and then from there I got those palms open and I'm squeezing back a little bit of angle and really trying to pull through that lateral head Pull up and back at the same time or the other way you can do it as flip around lay back against that bench and do the exact same movement But for this one you have to actually hold that hand in front of you at the bottom that way you can pull back on that same path And really to judge which one's best for you. It's easy which one you connect more with that delt and less trap simple Music idea Music Since the bench is already set up, let me go with my two favorite unilateral variations because one of their distinctly different movements and you're definitely going to have a favorite. Good at that same mindset and thought process going to each of them because unlike every other lateral raise you're going to do where you feel that an entire head when you fire, this one's different because of that angle and how you're driving that weight up, you should feel all that pressure localized right to the insertion point if you do, you're doing it right. If you don't, you're an asshole. There's somebody that typically does heavy trap laterals where you're basically flexing everything from your neck to your scrotum then this is going to be pretty jarring for you because it's a very light and controlled movement. A good physical cue you can have for both these variations to let you know you're doing it right. You should have that flat flaired open that'll limit the range of motion you can have and keep all that pressure right on the dealt. For the first variation you have a slight bending your arm that dumb was going to be in front of you but most importantly you want to lead with that elbow because the last thing you want is to try to pull that dumbbell up because the anterior delts can eat the entire moment. So make sure you lead by pulling with that lateral head. And for the second variation, you'll lock that arm out, pull that dumbbell behind you but not come straight to the side, actually go back in an angle because worst case you get a little rear delton ball but more than likely you're going to have pain that side doubt that you don't felt since you got a tetanus shot when you're a little girl. So I rarely ever walk up to the rack and do straight sets of side laterals because to me I just didn't do anything for me so I'll make some sort of tweak to try to get even more out of it. So whether it's with speed or there are so the positive so the negative or both range emotion will do partial to the bottom or partial to the top or some sort of intensity modifier where I'm doing drop sets or sending sets or like this set I'm about to do where I'll take three of my favorites and make one swamp ass of a set. For the first exercise I'm going to do partial to the top where I start with that dumbbell slightly below parallel and then flex it above. Now you're going to have to use really lightweight and if you don't feel comfortable doing that just turn that thumb up or just stay below parallel the entire time but make sure you stay towards the top of the movement. Then we'll grab some heavier weight, open up those shoulders and do partial to the bottom of the movement, kicking those dumbbells out and back. And then cutting that weight in half and do regular side laterals but with this one of four count negative, it's not going to be pretty. All right, one more variation for those people who have a really hard time connecting those delts. You should start with these or if you're not quite certain you hit them as hard as you should and you haven't had time to go to bathroom and check for stains. This will make you certain of it. You're going to either start or finish your workout with a static hold so grab the weight you would normally use for regular side laterals. You're going to flare those lats open, flex those shoulders and hold it for at least 60 seconds. If you grab a weight and you realize 15 seconds in, this isn't heavy enough. Instead of just killing an entire set, start doing pulses at the top and I guarantee it'll get heavy. So if you like this video, here's one of my other favorite times shoulders. Also one of my just favorites in general, I did recently. But most importantly, make sure you subscribe and hit the notification bell and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Get WIDER SHOULDERS (DO THIS!) [TvUvWN8vq_0].txt ===

All right, today we want to get those narrow, frail borderline feminine shoulders, bigger and wider. Let's get after it. Since you're in normal kind of driving, Ling because they don't just stick in the lane and leave it. You're just letting this, if the, you know. So when it comes to getting those big wide delts, the first thing we got to talk about is connection. And I know it makes me cringe as well. Makes me think about numerology or one long conversation night with one of my exes till two in the morning, and she's complained that we don't have a good connection anymore. It's because it's two in the morning, you're crazy. So to get wider delts, you obviously need bigger delts overall, but with predominantly comes from that lateral head. So the first thing I would do is focus on the most foundational of all side dellectrysizes the lateral rays and see where in that movement you're losing the connection. For most people, it'll be right here. And I know that seems disheartening, but it's actually an easy fix. You're just going to change the path of what you do your lateral rays. Because sometimes I go to the gym and no matter what I do, regular raises, I feel it my trap, my neck. It feels awful. If I had a great connection, I would just make some peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, cut them into squares, pack my lunch, and sit in front of the rack all day, and just do fucking side later, I was until my delts blew up. But that's not how it works. One of my favorite ways is just by simply leaning over the back of a preacher bench. It just allows me to tilt my back ever so slightly as I can track up. And it makes me feel like I'm actually pulling that weight up with my delt. And I know it doesn't seem like much, but the path is changed, and it makes it so those traps can't flex your head forward and take over the entire movement. I'm going to hit my fucking bus. There's nothing worse than getting your car empty. You know, cheap Melody night before. It smells like disappointment. Which brings us to pre-exhausting a priming, because that side delt is not a muscle you can continue to progressively overload and expect to get results, because there's too many bigger stronger muscles around it that are going to jump in and screw everything up. For instance, you can get some momentum with that lat by flaring it out to the side, and jumping over that side delt, and up somewhere in your forehead. So you've got to find ways to tear up those fibers that's not simply just going up and weight. All you need to do is find exercises that allow for the minimum amount of movement to get a maximum contraction in that delt. That could be a kneeling side lateral, dumbbell parsers at the bottom, or machine side lateral. I could hear those little sausage fingers smushing keys now. I don't have that machine. Don't worry. You can take this concept and use it on your bow flex as well. Sometimes I'll start my workout with these by putting all that pressure on my elbow, only contracting high enough to get that deltifier, and then back down for a hundred God awful reps. So what does that do? It makes this other someone's blood and that lateral head that no matter what you do after that, you're going to be connected to it, and it's going to grow. You could go landscape your balls for a half an hour, and you're going to make progress. You're going off the rails. Come off the carpet. And last but not least, you're going to make sure you prioritize that lateral head in your training. If you only allocated one exercise per head of your delt, then at least pre-exhaust with the exercise I just showed you, or use that as a finish. Or make sure that every time you do an exercise for that side delt, it's either a drop set or some sort of compound set, just to get more time-under-tension for that specific head. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the PPL program yet, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days, it's 20 bucks, but there's 24 videos. So, I'm going to vomit in your mouth a few more times. And if you need more help training your shoulders, I watch this video next. If you have no rear delts, this one will help your funny looking ass, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon. That's stick. You guys actually listen to it.

=== FILE: How To Get a WIDER BACK! [MdnwXG3WhwY].txt ===

All right, today, oh, through a full of it. Today we're training, this is another exercise. I see a lot of people screw up. Let me show you what I mean by failure. I don't work out because I love it. I work out because I'm so angry if I don't work out. Recently, I've trained with a few people, which isn't normal for me because I hate people, but in doing so, I realize there's a lot of things I do during training, different tweaks to exercise, it's changing the form, changing the angle that, for me, makes the workout worth a shift. So I figured you probably find it useful as well. Pre-work out, see Alice. First, I have to eat. Typical breakfast, 10 egg whites, like a half cup of oats. Table spoon honey, that's it. It's gonna digest as quick as possible. There's no fat in this meal, so that's not gonna slow anything down. There's 50 grams of protein, so you're gonna reach that loosey threshold, you've been basically fasting all night, and it's delicious. So, I'm gonna ask me the other day about Psalms, never even looked into. I have no idea what they are. So it's gonna take me two months to research them, find the ones with the highest efficacy and won't kill me, take them, and then I'll report back. See, interesting though. I have no recommendations for supplements yet. I still have to get the HPLC to a lab. And the way it works is you have to buy standards, detect against. So for example, for protein, after buy every single individual amino acid on top of things that companies typically use despite protein. And that's just what they consider quantification. How much of the actual ingredient that they say is in there, is in there. There's other ways to test quality, it's a whole, it's a pain in the dick. So don't think these are good because I have no idea. I should get in there before I work out, but I'm not going to. How much I warm up is usually dictated by how awful I feel in that particular day. For back, there's not really a lot that I do, other than this rhomboid movement that really gets me used to pulling my shoulders back and working with my scapula or scapula for you, the works. One of my favorite moments to start out with is standing pullovers. Now, most people really lean forward on these which I think is a mistake. Based on the natural scapula, humor rhythm of your shoulder, as your arms starts to raise, after a certain point, your trap will take over the responsibility of flex. Parade that with the fact that the further the load is away from your body, the more your traps have to engage to counteract the weight. That's why I do them almost straight up. There's a slight bend, but really it's just to make sure I can depress those scabs, punch forward my serratus anterior and flex it down with the actual lat. Less stretch, but it also stays in your lat. It's not in your upper traps. One thing that I'm sure I'm gonna get pushed back on is that the set doesn't count for me unless I push myself to failure. It doesn't matter if it's a set of 20 or a set of 10, eight, whatever. I trained a failure, so I don't leave any reps and reserve and I get it. I've seen the studies, if you're an untrained person, then yeah, you're gonna get just as good results, but if you're untrained, you have no idea what a set to failure even looks like. So you're probably instead of getting four RIR, you're probably more like seven because you're half ass and every single set. In the only reason I'm so adamant about training to failure is because even if you look at the best exercise scientist in the world like a Brad show and field, if you watch him train, his failure is... Good. All the way to failure. There we go, all the way to failure. It's tough to watch. So make sure you wonder how many of these people that are in these studies about training to failure versus RIR, reps and reserve, how many of those people are actually getting anywhere close. Let me show you what I mean by failure. I'm gonna do another set. Hey. Oh. E. Hey. Yep. Buh. Yep. Buh. Yep. Ah. So like on that one, I got 19 reps. I did three more, three or four more. Parsoles in a length and position. I don't count those, but I'm not gonna stop going just because I can't get it all the way down. I'm gonna make sure I push to complete failure because those last three or four reps are probably even more important than the first 19. The main thing I want you to focus on with these is as you're going into the eccentric. I want you to feel like you're pushing away from you the entire time. So 30 centures and gauge, that's flex. And as you go, you push away and flex. And really at the top driving. And you should feel so raised here in those lower part of your lats and where they originate. You should feel that connect a lot more than the typical throwing up and down, which really does. You'll feel it deep into the insertion point, but you won't really get that nice, nice pump in the lower part of your lats. And I know you're decaying and being hard time about saying lower lats, but where they originate, whatever you want to say. Another question is, well, how do I know the rep range? Should I go six to eight? Should I go 15, 20? A lot of it has to do with the exercise itself. I guarantee if you're trying to do sets of six and the standing pullovers, you're screw it it up. But on an exercise like these one arm landline rows, the benefit of these is you can load your lat at length. So you can manipulate your body in a way that as you're going in the eccentric, you're working against enforcing that lat to stretch even more and then contracted up. For me, the contractions almost an afterthought on these. Hold on, need some of my special drink. What's in here is whose cubes I select? Beauty light. You can always use Gatorade powder, but I think this is delicious. Three-ish tablespoons of honey, 10 grams of creatin. Yep. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. Yep. B. B. Every time I start to sweat these things fall off. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. Do you guys watch Mark Bell's podcast? Yes, me to go on that. What am I going to do? Just regurgitate all the case studies I've read over the past two years? That's not interesting. I need a good conspiracy theory. Come on. Oh God, fuck this thing. Yep. B. B. B. Yep. B. B. B. B. B. B. I'll try to get a top down to you for the last set because I know it doesn't look like much. It's a very short range of motion. But most of the magic happens on that stretch. So make sure you're actively working against. You're actually kind of twisting away from that stretch. Also side note, can we stop letting kids take their shirt off and flex in the gym? Every time I go to a commercial gym, there's always these 12-year-old kids that have no business flexing in front of the mirror doing poses. I know Arnold made it popular in Sam and bolding these kids to do it just non-stop. But if you want to check your progress, do it like every other adult male. And when you go home and masturbate in the bathroom, take your shirt off and you see a new vein popping out of your neck. Congratulations, you're making progress. B. B. B. Charculate for work. Hold on. What are you doing? Check where we late. Next up, lap pull down. I'm going to do a couple sets with the traditional wide bar because the wider your hands go, the less you have to worry about your biceps. So all I have to focus on is what my scapula is doing. If it's raising up, then obviously I'm shrugging and jumping into my traps and I'm not actually stretching my lap. So my focus is the press those scabs, force the stretch but make sure it doesn't get elevated. The moment your shoulder is pushed up, your traps fire and it's not even in your lads anymore. A couple years back I tore. Maybe quite a few muscles in my back. And got nerve damage and all this shit, just from a disc. I couldn't do that exercise before because my shoulder would go so high up. It's still a little messed up, I'm sure you can probably see it. But at least I can fire them both equally and they're actually both growing because at one point I couldn't even lift myself off the ground with this arm. B. B. C. T. B. 500. I got it kind of functioning. Less pain. Stem cells. That actually got the nerve firing. Now this side is probably my good side, which is crazy because not only do it affect my my lat, my shoulder on this side, this tricep and this peck could not fire at all. There's nothing worse than not being able to train. I don't know about you but I don't work out because I love it. I work out because I'm so angry if I don't work out. I'll film my scabs at a different angle on this last one so you can see it. But what I'm trying to do is depress them, the whole entire time and as I go into the centric I'm actually trying to drive those elbows forward. That's going to help flare the lat even more for more of a stretch but also make sure that I'm not just hanging there. If I wanted to do that I would just do a hanging stretch. I want loaded tension. That's where the actual growth happens. I don't know what's going to turn this into a Q&A. The biggest mistake I see with the V-bar handle is most people pull directly down. Obviously when you do that you can see the angle of my actual elbow. That's a lot of bicep. The only way I can actually get it down is with my bicep. My lat is basically done working if I pull that high. That's good. Four traps, rhomboids, that's nice. At that point you should just shrug it and not pull it the rest of the way down. Again on these you're trying to keep those elbows as fixed as possible. You're driving forward, pushing those scabs along the side of your ribcage, driving, squeezing back. So there's tilting going on at the hips. If I just stay straight up and down I have to use a lot of bicep. Drive forward, lean back. How many shits do you take a day? I should after every single meal. So five to six a day. I mean it's within the last bite. And if we have a cheat meal it is halfway through the cheat meal. Blow up their bathroom, come back, finish the other pizza. Here's another good one actually. Very pointy. What's your four stable back exercise? Obviously some of these actually are a staple. I always do some sort of lap pull down in a pull over movement. Today I did cables but a lot of times I do dumbbells that way I could focus on. One side at a time and see what shoulder is screwed up and it's not allowing me to really stretch and feel it in my lap because you always have one side, especially doing barbells. You'll notice your elbow kicks out more than the other one and you can't really connect your lap. It's your shoulders fall. I always do something that loads the lap. Today it was the single arm landline row. At a commercial gym I'll always do the ISO row. One at a time there really forcing the stretch. Last one is always some sort of high elbow row because most people do a lot of lats and even some spinal rector exercises, heavy rows, things like that but most people forget rhomboids, the mid traps, the things that actually make your back look nice and thick from the side. So I always put in some sort of high row. Today I'm going to just do dumbbells on the incline bench but all gyms have a great high row machine like the T-bar with a pad on it. phenomenal. Let me just ask when the new programs come you know they're all in the app. I just have a new full 12 week one in there. The premise of that one is all about pushing yourself to complete failure. There's straight sets. There's not a lot of drop sets, supersets. Because in reality if you look at the research of those a lot of that has to do with collapsing time, not necessarily producing more hypertrophy. Another interesting question was what's the most important diet factor for growth? I think up until a couple of years ago I want to just make sure you're hitting your protein numbers. But if you know how to utilize carbohydrates correctly and you don't have to take insulin or anything like that you just have to know how to time them around your workouts. Your body will actually prime itself to be able to uptake those carbohydrates. I had no idea how effective a intra workout post workout drink was. I would just kind of fuck off until I ate my next meal. Game changing results. Now I've talked about this in the past but hopefully the most important thing you could take away from this video other than how to check your progress by masturbating in the bathroom. If you don't control your scapula you're not going to hit the muscle you're trying to target. I'm going to fuck off and go someplace else. And this exercise is a great example of this because I see a lot of people really trying to force the stretch exaggerated. And this is what I used to do in the past too and I thought it was brilliant. It's not. It's done. Scabs should be depressed and you should be pushing those along your rib cage so it should feel like you're doing a lat spread. So you're just pushing your lats out and that's stretching those mid traps, those rhomboids and then you can track it back in. It's not a big move. You're not going to get this crazy deep stretch unless you screw it up. There's another interesting one. High school coach 13 to 17 year olds. What would you tell your younger self? I'm pretty sure you don't want my answer because it's not probably not what you think. I feel pretty lucky. I don't envy too many people other than the people that can sell pictures of their bottle online and podcasters. There's nothing else I'd rather do. I sold real estate. I sold insurance. I was an EMT. I was a fuck up and I felt it all of those until I actually found what I'd love to do. Which is learning as much as I can about a topic and then teaching it. So I guess my advice would be find something that you are completely obsessed with. Learn as much as you can about it and take that and use it to help other people. Somebody asked about merch. I know I've said like 20 times I'm going to come out with shirts without the saying is on them. If any of you have a connection, that would be great because most of the people in the industry suck. I think there's a huge demographic of people that aren't represented in the gym. You got your records called Darksport. You have your wolf clothing. Then you got the gym sharks and you got all the douchey clothing brands that I want to make merch for people that hate those people. That's my goal. If you can help, reach out. Then I can make a bunch of ads going to regular gyms and kicking over people's tripods. Gym closed for the every man who probably struggles without gullasum and maybe a sex addiction or two. Those are my kind of people. I wish I got the Versa-Grips in our car. So now I have America's track. America. I'm going to finish up by working up to heavy sets of Ben Ovaroes and then probably making those last two or three sets either drop or restpots. Whatever feels like a dumber idea in the moment. Again, does the research show that drop sets or restpots are more beneficial for high-purchasing? No. You just collapse time and allow you to get more work in. So if you're like me and your hungry is shit right now, it helps. Ah. This is another exercise. I see a lot of people screw up and it isn't for a lack of trying. They mean well. They like the hamstring flexibility and hip mobility so they really can't load their back correctly. They go into that stretch position but they have so much tightness that they end up rolling their lower back and it's awful. But you can't hinge at the hips to a point where you can keep your back nice and straight. Then you're not going to be able to load this exercise correctly. And eventually you're probably going to grow a little tail. America. Post work out. Finish this shake and then about 45 minutes later I eat the same exact meal as before. Unless I want to be a piece of shit or some pot belly. A couple of delicious samies. Here's the exact workout if you want to try it yourself. And if you like this style of video let me know and I'll make more of these videos where you follow me around like a creek. And as always, the absolute below there's a free seven-day trial. So if you want more workouts like this or continue to be a chubby mass, I don't care.

=== FILE: How To Grow 19in ARMS (Sets & Reps!) [lSmhIVFl8Z0].txt ===

All right, today, we're going to go into grow those arms to 19 inches and we're going to cover everything. The mistakes you're probably making, how to fix them. And at the end of the go over the sets, the reps and how to structure workouts to guarantee you get results. So let's get after it. Honestly, no idea of my arms are actually 19 inches. Because I'm of the opinion that if you know, you're probably a horrible person. Also, just not my personality. Even in my younger years, a swiping on Tinder when I got to the point when it's time to send a picture of your junk. I wouldn't fluff it or do anything. I just open my waistband, snap a picture and say, good luck figuring that out. Now, let's start with the mistakes. And one of the biggest ones is not giving arms their own day. Yeah, if you're genetic gift is arms, then you can easily tack on a few sets of the end of your workout and make progress. But that's not you. Those people stand out. That was the kid in the center of the grade that would walk around in one of his forums would be the size of his leg. If you're not happy with the results you're getting, it just comes down to two things. Either you're not connecting with your biceps and triceps when you train them, or you're just not getting enough volume. And there's no way to get enough volume by tacking on a few sets at the end of your workout. When it comes to the connection, the biggest mistake people make is they look at it as the result of the way they're training or one of the key factors in determining whether or not a set was worth a ship. But when it comes to hypertrophy, it's everything. It's not just part of a list you're using to judge whether or not a particular exercise is good for you that day. It should be your goal. Think of it more like a recipe and you're trying to create the best possible connection. That means if you have to adjust the range of motion and go from fold to partial reps, you do it. Or if you have to drop the weight that way you can more effectively fire the muscle you're trying to hit and limit all the supporting muscles, you do it. And that also means you change the tempo and either increase the speed or slow down each rep based upon what gives you the best connection because the only thing that matters is that Goddamn connection. Here's a good test. As you're sitting there, once you're run through your body and flex a few muscles on command, flex your bicep, your tricep, your quad, your rear delt, I guarantee your most developed body parts are the ones you can instantly fire. So if this is a new concept to you, you need to rework the way you think about training because it simply is the process of developing a better connection to your muscles. Why is going to love that one? One thing you want to make sure you're doing is limit your rest. We're not training back or legs, so there's no reason to take three minutes between each set and write in your diary about how badly you were hurt. Alright, let's go over exactly how the structure of the workout to get those 19-inch arms. If you're somebody that people randomly come up to and ask if you're selling any girl scout cookies today, I would superset everything because I guarantee you're just not getting enough sets in. I would do sets of at least 20 on everything you do because again, we're just trying to accumulate volume and I would push every single set to failure and I know people worry about over training but good fucking luck over training your arms. It's pretty hard to do. So an example of what that would look like is rope extensions right into rope curls. And then easy bar skull crushers right into easy bar drag curls nice and wide. Nice and slow. And then dumbbell French press right into hammer curls. And then finishing up with incline curls and then tricep push-ups. So the question comes up what if I can do more than 20 reps? You just keep going because your whole goal is to get that muscle to fail with as many reps as it takes maintain the best possible connection. I'll leave not only sets and reps in the description but I'll put notes by each so you get the most out of each exercise. And when you get tired of kicking your ass with this, when I'll leave links to the programs in the description, again, they're all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. If you don't watch this video, I'd fucking watch this next but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell, get after get grown. Don't you assume? I guarantee I'm going to get some hate messages from wives that say, why did you tell my husband you could send me pictures of his little smushy dick?

=== FILE: How To Grow Bigger LEGS ｜ BRUTAL LEG DAY (FULL WORKOUT) [OMbMa859Ihw].txt ===

Today we're training legs. If you've ever had trouble growing your quads, then this is the exercise I would focus on the most. Oh. Well, that was stupid. Should the next one's gonna go great. It's a side tangent, anybody wanna throw their two cents in and what all those drones are? It's a couple of quick updates. I started taking FSH and H-C-G because I'm trying to impregnate my wife. Now most your alleges will just give you clomid and clomid is for babies. The reason I'm sharing this is because I think it's gonna help a lot of people because my total sperm count and sperm motility before was zero. And when I say zero, I'm not just saying, oh, it was kind of, it's fucking zero. Obviously because I've been on testosterone since the second grade, but after taking this for a few months, now it's kind of ridiculous. So I'll keep you updated if, also recently, I injured my back doing who knows what that turned into some sort of sad egg nervous you that when I bent over one side of my glute just lit up, so I started taking BPC-157, which didn't do much. Then I dug into the research more and remembered and added the T-B-500th I'm a symbioteer for to it. And it's amazing how well it works. The only reason I brought that up is because I don't even know why they sell them separately. It doesn't even make sense because the more you look at the research, the more you realize they work hand in hand with each other. Think about it like the buddy system when you're a kid and you had to go to the bathroom, you had to take another kid with you that we didn't get dittled. It's that important. So if you're injured, take both. There's a reason they call it the Wolverine staff. T-B-500 enhances angiogenesis and cell migration, while BPC-157 modulates the growth factors that support angiogenesis and preserve cell integrity. Take them both. Still, personally doing an upper lower split. And we've already gone through an example of an upper day. So I thought this would be a good chance to go through a lower day and go through some specific things that I've been doing that's been working really well for legs on top of that. I also got a bunch of new shit. These custom mods and dumbbells that are incredibly heavy. And I know it's kind of darkened to get the app logo on there. And I originally submitted a picture of one of my ex's butt holes just to be a dick. But when they sent back the CAD drawing, it just looked like a giant gap. So I figured that's a little too mean. So we went with the app logo. This Ben Bacolsky Bens to get thinner on the way up. So you can retract your scraps around it. So when you're training chests, you can open that chest up and get a nice deep stretch. It doesn't seem like a big deal, but it's brilliant. A vertical leg press. And I know a lot of people should on this machine because it limits your range of motion, but this one is special. Not only can you adjust the foot plate, but you can change the angle of the back pad. So now when all that blood's rushing to your legs, it's also rushing to your head. It takes you back to the good old days when you just have to tie a belt around your neck. A true squat. And if you know, you know, and lastly, a new updated version of the old school west side barbell hip quad developer. And if you've never done this before, think of it like the reverse of a leg extension. Your feet are stuck in place and your body moves around it very hard. I like to start out every leg day with a little dorsy flexion. And I do believe you can buy a specific muscles, based on which ones are our longer length when you start the movement. So for these, I'll go toes in and hit the EDL, and then I'll go toes out to be Alexandria. And you don't need a tip machine. You could do the same thing with dumbbells, just put a dumbbell between your feet and do it that way, toes in, toes out, or even better, use a kettlebell and do it unilaterally. Either way, it's better than what you're currently doing, which is probably nothing. One of the unforeseen benefits of having my left calf, split in half, specifically the sole is right down the center, and having every calf muscle, including both heads of the gastrochrome shrink to half the size sucked. Was it allowed me to actually take time to figure out what exercises grew at the most? Because now it was so small like it actually see a difference. One of them was a CD calf raise that I did unilaterally where I tried to target each of the gastrochrome heads by turning the toe in or out, and I know that doesn't make sense because it crosses two joints, so it should be more straight leg movements, but maybe it's just because you're locked in, you could focus on it more, and then you can actually flex on the outside of your foot, or it's stretching more distally, I don't know, tear your calf and see if it's the same for you. The other exercises been really effective, is a lighter Smith machine single leg calf raise, where I have a plate on the ground. In this case, one of those big stupid rogue plates, that are awful to pick up, but good for this, and I take my foot and I put in at different angles and flex around the plate. Very good. Side tangent, anybody want to throw their two cents in, and what all those drones are? I'm not gonna lie, I'm a little biased. I have quite a large collector, and I've seen the Bobless R episode like 10 times, so I think the drones are ours, and the orb is something else entirely. One of my favorite ways to start a leg date calfs aside, when we get it actually hitting the hard shit, is that the other leg is a little bit more than a leg. I'm not gonna lie, I'm a little biased. I have quite a large collection of tinfoil hats, and I've seen the Bobless R episode like 10 times, so I think the drones are ours, and the orb is something else entirely. The hard shit is with the seated hamstring curl. When it comes to training, there's a lot of things that are very simple and easy to measure to make sure that you're on the right track and making progress. Are you hitting enough volume? How's your form? Are you just a complete mess? Or is it still hitting the intended muscle you're trying to target? But the one thing that's hard to teach more than anything else is intensity. A good question to ask yourself, how can I do this exercise in a way that I will look forward to the least? And I will hate the most. So today on these instead of doing a straight set, or even a drop set, I'm going to do a rest-pause set, but instead of setting the weight down, I'm going to hold that stretch and just sit there and pain for a while, take a couple of deep breaths, go again, rest, but not really rest. It's still sucks, and then go again. Oh, fucking dumb. Ah, well, that was stupid. I'm sure the next one's going to go great. Thanks. I'll be able to complain why I don't have all the walls. Look. They complained that the gym has never done. For instance, the walls need to be taped and painted, but the problem is they quoted me three grand for that. And I can get a mega mass linear row for the same, even less than that. Why would I... Who cares? No one's in here, but me. I always put holes in the wall. One thing I would love to invest in is to cut a hole in the wall, that's almost like one of those when you're at the hospital, the little pee flumbles, and I'll just let it go all the way outside, because I don't like to walk inside the pits. I usually don't. I usually piss in a water bottle. So if I had a little hole that I could stick my junk in and piss right outside, that's the next upgrade. Then maybe I'll do the walls. Another thing I like to do in here, and this could be one of those weird placebo things that you just convince yourself, it's true, but every time you grab on, I feel like you could force out a few more reps. So we can use that to our advantage, and turn it into a mechanical drop. So that's what I'm going to do in this last set. And make this already a bad idea, even worse. Yep. Mmm. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. If you've ever had trouble growing your quads, then this is the exercise I would focus on the most. I would program every single leg day, a quad dominate Bulgarian split squat. It allows you to focus on one leg at a time, so you can see how screwed up your foreman. So you're going to notice that one ankle is less mobile than the other ankle. You're going to hip as tight. Your knees isn't tracking like it's supposed to, and no wonder your quads are growing. Different rates, but also sometimes not even at all, because you're dropping into your hip and getting more glute, when you should be getting more quads, but it translates to every other quad exercise. So if you can fix it here, it will translate to everywhere else. Now obviously, I'm going to use this machine that very few people have me, Sean Clarita, some old lady probably still hasn't her garage, and hasn't died yet, and given it back to the world that deserve it. But the Smith version is just as good. It just takes a little bit more to set it up. This one has a built-in angle on the actual platform. That one you have to throw a 10 down, and you know, it's pain-ass. Also, what are your guys that thoughts on knee sleeves? I personally love them, and I've never had knee issues other than my meniscus when I was in high school, but part of the benefit of the knee, it just could be the actual increased blood flow to the knee. I haven't even looked into it, but that's my guess. Recently, I just ran into a kid in Vegas, and he was like, oh my God, I've watched your videos. I love all the knowledge you gave, and I, where did you go to school? I had to break it to the kid that, I mean, if you've seen any of my first videos, I don't know that I was just spinning anecdotal bullshit, and I had no idea what I was talking about, because I didn't. I was just doing what worked for me, and hopefully that helped other people. There is no prerequisite to this. My advice for anybody that wants to learn more about a particular subject is just dive in, read as much as possible about it, and be curious. For example, recently I got down this rabbit hole of CTC, circulating tumor cells, and ended up getting connected to this guy who developed a filter that can test your blood for any circulating tumor cells, and it can be anywhere from stage four all the way down to stage zero. So, potentially, we could detect cancer way before it even happens, and way before a tumor actually developed, just circulating cells. So, who the fuck? I'll probably end up doing a video on that, because it's fascinating, and I've had so many people affected by cancer. It's just, fuck cancer. More all of the story, whatever you're interested in, dive in, because the reality is, everybody's an asshole, that wants you to think that they're smarter than they really are, but in truth, we're all just idiots trying to cover up for own insecurities. Me, I was a C student, I had a list until I was four, and I learned a jerk off with one of those pens that, it's on the infirmary so that it's shake, and you'd write, and it would be a little dutel pen. I just shove that against my junk for about 30 minutes. That's the first time that I, that's my level of intelligence. So, he's gonna be a very quad dominant day, considering about a bunch of quad equipment. Obviously, most people are not gonna have this at their gym. I mean, if you do, by all means go up to the end of the gym and give a little tickle, because it's a rare gym. But, it's still gonna apply to every other quad exercise you do, because you can do this two ways. You can set up normally regular stance, let it drop back, and do a squat, or you can find a way to increase the length of that quad, and the stretch on your quads, by back and those feet up, and the same thing applies to a regular squat, or a Smith squat, just elevate your heels, and make sure when you're at 90 degrees, it's the greatest possible stretch. Also, I've been getting a lot of emails for people that say they want to upper lower program that's a garage version. If you do, somebody make a little comment and say, you know, one of those stupid ones, hey, heart this if you want a garage version, that would be great. If enough people do, I'll create a garage version with a couple different exercises that I've been working in lately, that would be perfect for that. Time out. Game on. I'm gonna start over the couple straight sets, and then do some drops. Oh. Oh. Five. Still fairly light, so it doesn't count, but still hurts. If you've never trained legs in your socks, I would try it unless you're gonna get kicked out of your gym. The one thing you're gonna notice is, holy shit, do I do a lot of weird stuff in my feet? Like when I'm trying to drive my knees out, I'll catch myself rolling on the outside of my feet, which obviously is bad. It would just keep you more aware of what the hell's going on, because when they're in your shoes, you don't realize, but you're screwing up all the time. No. No. There's just a stick in like this. See? The bottom of the head. It's all overrated. Swar a seat belt. One of my favorite exercises for glutes is a glute-based RDL. Now the key on these is to make sure you don't just do a regular stiff leg or RDL and you fill in your hamstrings, you sit back into your hips, so as you're going down, you actually hold the weight of the bottom and feel that stretch under your glutes, and instead of just pulling the weight up, you can track it up. So you should be able to feel that flex, drive you forward, and don't just hump it forward. I mean, you can't, but I prefer you didn't. Someone just commented that the stance low goes supposed to go on the inside, but is it look like I got my shit together and look? Sure, you're not supposed to have a hole in the bottom. You should see my fucking underwear. I'm a mess. Just trying to keep it together over here. That's going to be a bad angle. Alright, let's finish up with this bastard. You can see what a crazy machine this is. Especially the way I do it, where I barely drop my hips to put as much pressure on the quad as possible and then pull myself up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Normally at the end of all that, I would just throw a free workout in the soil app and just give it to you guys. But I did so many weird machines today that it's probably not going to help. So if you want the best leg day possible, just buy the new upper lower program. It's only 20 bucks. You need the garage version and enough people comment. They want it. Give me a week. Alright, I'm going to do this one more time and then I'm going to go piss and blood. Up.

=== FILE: How To Grow a BIGGER Chest (FULL WORKOUT!) [pRw3MMH1Nn0].txt ===

All right, today we're training, failed during the concentric fight the eccentric all the way down, and then barely lock it in and escape with my life. Oh. Oh. And I know some people are gonna disagree with this. Oh. Did anybody really like you anyways? I've made a lot of change. One of those things being that recently I got an alcat, a methyl detox panel, and a micronutrient deficiency test, which I was borderline deficient on five amino acids, two of which being essential amino acids. How? Which led to me getting a custom supplement built, specifically for my needs, so I'll let you know if it's worth a shitter not, because it's not cheap. Also, I've almost finished setting up the lab, which I know it's taken a long time, but the setup isn't even the difficult part. It's learning each individual method used to test for every category of supplement. Yeah. Luckily for me, there's a lady in Phoenix, who is a genius that's taken me under a wing, and is slowly teaching me the dark arts of supplement testing. I'm just a slow learner. Go to any Sylvan Learning Center, if they're still around, you're gonna see a plaque of me on the wall, because my parents spent a record amount of money to try to fix their stupid kid, but didn't work. I did however get a shitload of dinosaur books. Another change I made has to with my training. Before every upper body day, I hit calves, which means that's four, sometimes five days a week. And I know that's excessive, but it's been working. So anything that makes my calves look like less of a disappointment, I will do it. And I know some people are gonna disagree with this, even the fact I'm doing a seated calf, or as instead of a standing, because the gastrop passes too joint, so you should stand to stretch more. I still think the most important thing is your own anecdotal experience. If you get a better connection on an exercise, that's probably the exercise that you should do. And I know it sounds crazy, but there's research to back this up, is I will position my feet a certain way where their toes enter toes out, and selectively target either the lateral head or medial head that entire day. The next time I come in to train, I just switch the position of the feet and start off by targeting the other head back and forth. Now when it comes to warming up before you train your chest, yes, do all the things you need to do in a mobilize and grease up those shoulders, but for me, I found the most important thing is to engage my mid and lower traps. I found that it's nice to have a little bit of a pump and develop that mind muscle connection. That way when you need to pull those shoulders back and down, you can easily do it. The way I do that is the exact same way I warm up when I'm training my back. That's throw band around, tie it behind, create tension and distraction, and rotate back. Well, that sucks today. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. Now, my chest used to be one of my worst body parts. And the Smith machine is probably one of the key reasons my tit started to grow. And it's not because it's such an amazing exercise. It just allowed me to focus on what I now know is the most important thing to get your chest to grow, which is getting that chest as much as you can at length under low. I see previously, I would press with my elbows dropped down about 45 degrees because I felt the better connection during the contraction. But what I noticed is as I dropped into that negative, the e-centric, I would tip my shoulder and all the tension would go into my anterior del. Which is probably the reason why so many people myself included would say, you don't need to train your anterior del. So you hit them when you train chest. What I've learned is you definitely have to train your anterior del if you train your chest correctly. Yep. Hmm. The reason the Smith machine is such a good training aid is because it's a fixed path. All you have to focus on is pulling that elbow back and stretching that chest as you go under the negative. One thing that I think is odd is that for as many people complain about having your anterior del to jump in during chest, I haven't seen anybody have a set up that they do consistently before they bench in, climb dumbbell, whatever. You'll notice my setup is the same every time I do a pressing movement. I first pinch my shoulder blades back and down and get them set that way my shoulders are pulled back. Then I flatten my back on the pad because I don't want to incline bench to turn into a flat bench or a flat to turn into a decline. And then finally, when I go into the e-centric, I'm really focused on pulling those elbows and flaring them out as much as I can to pull that stretch and that tension into my pack and not into my shoulder. Oh, my accent like about Coco Pebble's protein. It's not it. It's no fruity pebbles. To make sure of what is on the same page, rep range does not matter. I did set of 10, 8, 8, 8. This one's gonna be six. I might jump to a set of 20. The most important thing in my eyes to make sure I'm consistently making progress is getting to that point of failure. And that's where things get a little bit tricky because true failure on these is pretty damn close to choking yourself to death. So that's what we're gonna do. I'm a builder in the concentric fight the e-centric all the way down and then barely lock it in and escape with my life. Hey. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Ah. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. You guys remember that rescue dog. I was telling you about that I basically traded my wife for. Hold on. Come on, trippy. This way. The little bastards already Tibetan me twice. But look at his mouth. How much damage is that gonna do. Next up, I'm doing slight incline dumbbell presses, but I'm gonna throw a little wrench in there because. Why not? I notice there's a lot of people that have very little time to get in the gym. So they might only have 30 minutes. There's obviously some great options in terms of collapsing time with drop sets, rest pods, sets, compound supersets. But I wanted to test how effective it would be to have one exercise where you do intercept stretching, basically at the end of your last rep of a set, you go right into a 20 to 30 second stretch. Kind of counter-intuitive because it sounds like you're adding more time to your workout, but in reality you're replacing some of your rest time with more time on your tension. So you should be able to bring the volume down overall and still get the same results. Ehh. That fell off. The idea is obviously to put together a program that you can do in 30 minutes. No excuses and you'll still get incredible results. When I first got the bright idea to do this, I thought, you know what? I'm gonna do 30 seconds because I know based upon the research, 20 seconds kind of the bare minimum dose. I am barely getting 20 seconds. I'm afraid to use a stopwatch because I feel like even though I'm counting to 20 in my head, count real fast. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Ah. The only problem with this is obviously this is a novel stimulus. So I'm gonna get sore. We can't really use that as a testing metric and whether or not it works. What I started to do is reach out to different MRI clinics. There's actually a mobile one that will come and drop off a big trailer here. How fascinating would it be if I did an interest subject design study of myself and I did MRI of different body parts. Said trained one by separately high reps. They had the one really heavy low reps. One tries up in a strict position the whole time. One calf a different way. If you're in Arizona and you have a connection to an MRI, let me know. Shit all fly forward. I don't care. Or if you want to be a part of it, and we can do other intersubject design studies, I'm all for it. There's got to be some random weirdo watching this. It has access to an MRI machine that we can use to test the cross-sectional area of a muscle. That would be phenomenal. Hell, I'll even have one of the random women that's been in one of my videos to fart in a Ziplock bag for you. So... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Now, you might be sitting there thinking that's a shillot of pressing movements to do consecutively. There's no way you're going to be strong. I'm still a fan of machine cable fly and even dumbbell fly to a certain extent. But there is no better way to overload that pack than with a pressing movement. On a fly movement, it's hard to keep it out of those pieces, shit, stabilizing muscles like your biceps is coming down, or even your shoulders are at the very bottom. But in a press, as long as you set up correctly, you'll keep it out of your anterior delts. And if you don't want it to jump into your triceps, just don't come up as high. I now prefer to save those movements to the very end. When my chest is already trash, and it doesn't take much weight to finish it off. I haven't used this one yet, so let's see how heavy it is. Same thing as before. Sholar blades, back, flare them out. I don't care what people say. Offer up is still pretty good. I got this for 1600 bucks. It's no backpages. We're used to be able to get a full body scrub from some random old coogering or back yard above ground pool, but this is pretty nice. My chest is pretty toasty, so I'm probably going to keep this real high rap. 20 reps. Something I've noticed that maybe you guys have two. If I've had exercise like this that I really connect with, I end up speeding up the tempo. I don't know if that's a good thing or that's a bad habit, but for me, it creates even better connection. Obviously, you can force out more reps. I think the amount of reps you get, counteracts the quick, stupid pace. I can't wait to dork out the most disgusting food after this. A little postwork out Chinese food. I've, if. This is such a great moment if you could set it up correctly. Except none of the machines that are made to mimic this, are wide enough soon up pressing on it. And it's a pain to do this at a regular gym because everyone hates you. But oh well, did anybody really like you anyways? Probably not. That brings up an important point on these. When you fail fail while still maintaining the connection with your chest. Who cares about how high you get it up and contract? I know it might feel like you're getting a better connection because you can track it all the way through. But in my experience, what I found is that deep stretch, maintaining the tension on the chest is the most important. Yeah, I mean, I said you can contract all the way up, but you suck you can't. If. I love hot your gym as, but mine. Mine sucks. Hey. I heard the last thing I want to do before I go in and feed that little chubby ball of anger is dips, but I'm going to exaggerate the stretch at the bottom and hold it for a good two, three seconds before I contract up. And I'm not looking forward to it. Maybe. Maybe. If you want to fall along at home, here's the written workout, but I also put a free version of this in the app. I'll link it below so you can just download it and do it in there and that way you can track your weights. Also, if you want to get notified when that 30 minute hypertrophy focus workout comes out, there's a link below to an email list. And as always, every program is only 20 bucks, they're link below. Good luck because you probably won't make it through. You probably won't die. You might die.

=== FILE: How To Lose FAT More Efficiently (My CRAZY Diet!) [V4cKj3Hx1XE].txt ===

So I wanted to make this video not because I think everybody should try this diet. In fact, I think very few people would enjoy it, let alone get results. But it should spark something in you that says, okay, I haven't pushed it in a while. Maybe I should crank it up and see if I can make even more progress. As corny as the word is, I mean, huge fan of trying to buy a hacker body. Get even more on a bit, really optimize, especially when it comes to diet. But at the end of the day, let's just try on air. Because even if you had access to every food allergy test, you can constantly monitor blood glucose levels. You're still just throwing shit at the wall and see if it sticks. And I think the reason more people don't try to test and optimize their diet is they're scared of losing muscle. And it's being somebody that's lost muscle a few times in their life. It's not that hard to get it back. For instance, last year I did a half iron man. Now, I did get this qualified because apparently you can't see God the person with the biggest ass and drop behind him. But I did learn something. First thing I learned is when you train like that, you're going to lose a shit little muscle. But even more important than that, took me less than two months to get back to where I was when I started and really opened me up and freed me from that scarcity of, oh my god, I got a whole lot every little ounce of muscle. Are I going to die? I'm going to fucking die. And really what that did is give me the green light to push my body even further or try to buy a hack even more. So four days a week, I do a 21 hour fast, three hour window. The other three days, I just carb load like crazy. Now, does that make sense? No, but that's the fucking point. Let me tell you my thought process behind this. You know, I think I'm out of my mind. I've done intermittent fasting before, works incredibly well. Two major flaws. First one, at least for me, at a certain body fat percentage, I get stuck. About 9% I don't get any lower and I just hover there. For me, that's no way to live life. A big on progress, that sucked. The second, which is even more important for me is you're not able to maintain as much muscle mass. And again, I'm getting this athletic build. And if I want to look like a slimmer, that's a good swim. Hands why I'm putting those refeed days in between. Now, will this work forever? No clue. It's worked this far, but I'm sure there's going to be some fatal flaw on it. Or over time, my body all dapped and I'll have to change it because your body's a tricky bitch. My suggestion to you is continue to task because no one's going to be able to figure out your body better than you. If you want more information, how I do my intermittent fasting, a link to a video also another one of my favorites, make sure you subscribe, hit the notification bell. And as always, get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. One more thing. It's come to my attention. I've reached that point of my YouTube career that other people started making videos on me. Which I'm all for. I'll never make a dedicated video about somebody else because to me, I don't want to be known for that. I want to be known for helping people. They're not talking shit. Although, I'd be really good at it. To me, using somebody else's name to trick the algorithm is like the YouTube version of a reach round. I'm not against it, but I'm not going to be doing it. But if you haven't been scrolling through my description where you find a link to a site where you can buy a bag of dicks and you know where to send it, I'm not going to stop you.

=== FILE: How To Lose Fat FAST! (NOT HOW YOU THINK!) [rlsQdvgCHi0].txt ===

All right, today we're going to very extreme or what some people like to call crash diving for fat loss and why it's not only effective, it's actually the way to go. Let's get after it. So I'm sure you've heard of the fitness youtuber say, or maybe you were sitting at home and you're under where eat lean pockets and doctor hours told you no matter what you do, don't crash dive because you blow right back up. And that statement definitely has some merit to it. I think about my years of working with competitors, figure fitness body building every time I would sit down with one of them for the very first time. For the first 30 minutes, I would continually ask them, are you sure you want to do this because this is going to completely mess you up, not physically. Anybody said they messed up their thyroid from a hardcore diet. It's usually full of shit. And reality, what happens is that at least they're inner fat kid and they're having a hell of a time shoving that chubby bastard back in a Pandora's box. I'm talking mentally because you're going to get to the leanest point you've ever been in your entire life. You're walking around on stage and basically dental floss. And they're going to take pictures of you for you to take home to remind yourself that you'll never look like that again. Now you got to concentrate reminder on your fridge that you're a fat mass than any progress you make is insignificant. But here's the truth. You can't get extraordinary results by putting in an ordinary amount of effort. You've got to try to the obsessive and slightly unhealthy waters if you want to make a change that people can't help but to notice unless you're starting point is you're a contestant on that show my 600 pound life. Then yeah, you're going to make progress by simply getting your enabling mom to stop feeding your cheeseburgers all day. Because you know what happens when you go to a normal diet with just a slight deficit, practically nothing because you're going to chip away that deficit little by little with random calories you come throughout your day or you're going to cheat so much that that difference is going to disappear and you've seen this a lot throughout the gym. I mean, look around of the people that basically look at them in no progress yearning year out. I mean, if you squint hard enough, it might look like they're making progress, but they're not because that's one of the hardest things to do. Make a diet that's difficult enough that somebody will see progress relatively quickly so they don't get frustrated but not too difficult that one day they just break and start deep throat and churros. So the question is how do you formulate a diet that's going to be hard enough to get your results, but not to the point you're going to lose your shit. All right, first we need to change the way you look at dieting because most coaches will say, are we're doing a 16 week recomposition plan because they're afraid to scare you away with the word diet, but it's a fucking diet. And 16, 12, or 10 weeks, that's a marathon. And the truth is diet's are better done as sprint so reframe the way you think about it and take your current day and win the week because thinking anything beyond a week, 99% of people will be like, fuck it, take my foot now. And every week, you need to install a light at the end of that dieting tunnel from hell by implementing a refeed meal. You'll be amazed at how much harder you can push yourself and how much more you're willing to suffer knowing that you have a scheduled time you're going to be able to relax and enjoy yourself every week. Which brings me to a fairly widespread misconception of how low you should push your calories. And I'm sure you even say in that a number of popping your head and you're not going below that or I'll lose muscle. But when people think or say that out loud, they rarely factor in where their calories are coming from. Here's an extreme scenario for you. And I'll use clean numbers because I went to public school. So person number one is on a 2000 calorie diet, which puts them in a decent deficit. And 35% of their calories is coming from protein. So they're getting 175 grams per day. Now person number two is going to get less calories than they recommend giving a 12-year-old girl. Now I don't recommend this. This is just a proof of point. But they're going to get a thousand calories and 80% of those is coming from protein. So they're going to get 200 grams of protein per day. So the question is, who would you bet your wife on? The one that has less protein and more calories coming from what we consider energy sources, or the one that's basically all protein. I would hope for your wife's butt hole sake. You bet on the 80% protein. And again, I'm not advocating you get anywhere near that 80% because your kidneys would not appreciate that. But hopefully that opens your eyes and makes you realize that maybe I can push myself a little bit harder to drop my calories a little bit more and see what happens. And don't take my word for it. You're the one that's willing to bet butt holes on it. Now the only way these weekly diet sprints work is after you reach the weight or the look you want, you're going to come up with a maintenance diet you actually enjoy. I think that's why crash diets get such a bad rapist because nobody teaches you how to get off of them. Probably why somebody who has medical weight loss, clinic clients, completely rebound, which I don't blame them. Imagine going from having somebody just grab your love handles and threaten you every week to know accountability whatsoever. I'd be at the McDonald's drive through line pleading with the guy at the window. Just be my accountability buddy. I need help. As simple as it sounds, to maintain the look you've got that you push so hard to get, all you're going to do is find your new maintenance level of calories, based on your new body weight, and eat slightly below that because you're still on a factor in having that refeed meal once a week. And I think this is where people make the biggest mistake. They stop having that refeed meal once a week and then try to add something in every single day. I hate to break it to you, but your metabolism didn't magically change and that runs better off of sausage and McGriddles. It's okay. I'll add myself to sometimes. So it's hard to give a general just go do this because I have no idea where everybody's at in their life. You could be at a really low place. You could be sitting at home watching this eating a pound of gummy worms. But in my experience, most people have one or a mixture of these three problems, either they don't eat enough protein, they're eating too many calories, or they justify having too many carbs. So after this video, put down the gummy worms, take a look in the mirror, and figure your shit out. So if you end up making some changes to push your diet even harder and you find pretty damn hungry, that's okay. That's your body telling you that this sucks and it's working. So if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link to that below because that's one of my favorite things. Wake up in the morning and check the feed and see all the people that are complaining about how bad they hurt. And because it's for me, it makes me smile. So if you haven't watched these two videos, you're going to want to watch those next, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it, get growing. Got you soon.

=== FILE: How To Lose Fat FAST! (PART 2) [Rg1XX_04xLI].txt ===

All right, today we're talking about a recent video I did on extreme dieting because apparently it caused a little miniature shit storm as much as I like to pull a stone cold and call it a day. There's some good stuff to talk about. So let's get after it. So first I understand why some people got pissed because nobody has that same extremist mentality, but I thought back to myself when it first started working out and getting into bodybuilding and looking at the magazines, follows people that looked just ridiculous. The results were just on a whole other level and thinking back, I wish I had somebody just to sit me down and tell me the truth. Hey, there are little buddy. See, looking at those people in the magazine, you're probably thinking that's the drugs you're taking or maybe they're just born with better genetics. But the thing that makes the biggest difference is the fact they're willing to work harder. They're more than happy suffering to achieve that ridiculous ideal they have. And in fact, they live such a structured life. They didn't even think of it as suffering. It's just part of who they are. And that's always something I'm personally striving for. I want to be improving at such a rapid rate that every time I run into an actually think, God, I hated that guy, but it's definitely making progress and man, my nipples are hard. But I had to take a step back and realize that not everybody wants to live on that extreme end of the spectrum. This isn't their life. Most people want to make incremental improvements over the long haul, which I 100% respect. And as far as making a video to fire back at people, that'll never happen. That's not me. You would think so because I'm a straight-asshole, but I look at those people as blessings because at their very worst, they're just a reminder to be better. And the only reason you get defensive is because you think you know everything, but I sure as fuck don't. For example, one thing that was highlighted that's definitely incorrect or the very least misleading is I said your kiddies would not appreciate an access amount of protein. I started digging deep into it and then realized, must have been an old adage that was stuck in my head that is bullshit. And don't act like you've never done that. I'm sure as a kid growing up, you probably tell all your friends, my mom is the nicest person. She's got more friends and anybody I know. And then you come home early from school one day and you find her a citizen in your art teacher. Comment below something you thought for sure was true. And you found out the truth. You were shocked. Something other than this is ring. So the lesson is do fucking better. For instance, in the past I made videos on ankle mobility and I felt people were enter a pelvic tilt, but it's not something I do every day and it's something I want to immerse myself with. So I found a physical therapist that I can intern with because eventually I want to be able to help people in that arena. Because at the end of the day, all these concepts and exercises, they've all been shown before. I just try to add a little bit of insight, share my experience, add a few dick jokes. So hopefully that light bulb in your head goes off and you can make progress. And as far as extreme dieting goes, I'm still going to do it. It's just who I am, but I'll start making diet content that isn't for just the mentally disturbed. Or I'll just say earmuffs and you'll know what to do. At the end of the day, I'm just your friendly neighborhood asshole that's sharing what he's learned along the way. I'll leave you with these two quotes. The first one comes from a 75 year old guy named George. He was an old school retired mafia guy and his favorite thing a life was hookers. So I take him out to lunch once a week just to hear his crazy stories. And one time he laid with on me that was most disturbing, disrespectful, discriminating story I ever heard. When I asked George, how did you even deal with that? He looked at me and said, kid, I would never want to be part of a club that would have me as a member. That's stuck with me. And the last one comes from another guy I respect because in spite of being a confessole, he was wildly successful. Probably what I like so much about him. But one day during a conversation question got asked, how you deal with all the negativity? He simply just said, those are matter, don't mind. Those are mine, don't matter.

=== FILE: How To Squat For MAX GROWTH (Barbell, Dumbbell, Hack, Smith) [MUS7jj66pwI].txt ===

Oh great, it's leg day again. All right, so today we're going to go over different styles of squat, high bar, low bar, Smith, Hacksquad, even some dumbbell stuff, kind of my thought process going through it and how you can tweak it and get even more of each one of those styles. So if you're ready, kick those shoes off, let's get after it. Almost hit myself in the face. So when it comes to choosing whether to do higher low bar squats, probably the politically correct answer is, do it feels best. But I think that's a horrible answer. There's no way to measure that. Plus, I don't really care how you feel. I think the real question is, do you have quads in embarrassed your entire family? If so, you're going to want to do more high bar squats. With that being said, I know they suck. If you try to start out with them, your knees are going to sound like a fresh ball of rice crispy. So the key is not to start out with them. Make sure knees are primed. So make them the second, third or even just the last exercise you do. And yeah, your numbers are not going to be great, but your quads can't count. If you can make 2, 25, feel like 3, 15 and still get the same kind of damage on those quads. That's just as good. So inner thigh thickness is a problem. Maybe your glutes are a little underdeveloped. Then low bar squats are the way to go. One thing your knees won't be a crunchy mess as long as you load those hips correctly and keep those knees shifted back. You can actually start with these and not have a problem. And the second thing has to do with the previous video, which I'll link up top, which is complete pauses. These are a great candidate for those because at the bottom you'll be instantly more connected to those glutes. But also, if your knees ever collapse in, this will make you consciously work on that form, focusing on driving those knees out and actually contracting up through the right muscles. So when Roman reads that, they wanted to sponsor another video. I said, yeah, but on one condition, it's got to be for ED. Because one, I know I can make that funny. And two, I've dealt with it before. Before I figured out I had to sleep at noon, treatment options like they have are the only thing that carried me through. So I can completely empathize and especially in times like this when it's hard enough to get help for common men's health conditions when you can't even leave your house. And when you're doing something like a rectal dysfunction and you got your partner mean mugging you from across the room, you want help ASAP. And in my experience, even after I got my CPAP got my sleep at the intake and care of, didn't have any more issues, once you know what it's like to have superpowers, there's no going back. Don't believe me. And that's one of my friends at Romans, but years building a digital platform that you can connect with a doctor, licensed in your state, all from the comfort of your own home. And and all you have to do is grab your phone, your computer, and complete a free online visit. And you'll hear back from a US licensed position within 24 hours. So if your doctor decides treatments right for you, Romans pharmacy will ship your medication with free two-day shipping. Also, you get free unlimited fall-ups with your doctor. So any questions you may have, or any time you want to adjust your treatment plan, it's that simple. And then again, with Roman, no commitments, you can cancel anytime. So to me, seems like a no-brainer. If you're doing with ED, go to getRoman.com slash-rine for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. And I think the real question is whether or not you use it a lot, how cool would it be to have a kick stand? Again, that's getRoman.com slash-rine for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. But yeah, all right, let's go over Hackshot. Now, when I'm doing Hackshot, my whole goal in life is to destroy my quads. If I get any other muscles involved, then get a little sore, great, but that's not my focus. What I really want to do is just destroy those quads to a point where I get that beautiful, broken glass hornets in there that you can't get from any other exercise. And I really love this for people who are their biggest issue is ankle and flexibility, and that's what's holding them back. Because unlike a regular squat, which can deceive you, and make you think you're making progress, and those ankles are getting more mobile, and they're not. It's really just your back rolling out, and that's all that's happening. With this, as long as your back's completely flat on the pad, and you walk those feet down to a position that's comfortable, but still stresses the mobility, those ankles just a little bit. You'll notice even after the first couple sets, you'll be a little bit more flexible, and then over time it just gets better and better. So my go-to on these is I walk my feet down as lowest possible, do a couple reps, and make sure I'm not driving through my toes. If I am, walk it up a hair, and the biggest thing for me, toes out just slightly, open those knees up as I go down, and then a complete pause at the bottom, making sure I'm driving through those heels. So a good test on these is if you're doing what's sox and your feet don't slide up and you're still driving from your heels, it means your ankle flexibility is pretty phenomenal. Because at that point, you're so far underneath you, that you're driving straight down and not up in a way. Next up we got some missed squat, and there's two ways I like to do these. The first is gluten-hammedum, and the second, all quads. So for the gluten variation, you're going to walk those feet out as wide as you comfortably can. I'd even air on the side of being a little uncomfortable, as long as you can keep those knees pushed out as you go. Second thing you want to walk this feet a little bit forward and lean back the entire time. You never want that butt to drift back underneath the bar because that puts too much pressure under spine, and then from there, we're living at the bottom doing partial reps. Now the next one looks ridiculous, works incredibly well. What you're going to do these is walk this feet in nice and close, point them straight, make sure those knees track as you go down, and they're going to really drift over top of your toes, which is fine. If you had good knees before, they're going to be good after because we're not doing any explosive movements here. It's a nice controlled movement, go down, sit at the bottom, and then contract it up. Now I understand this takes a ton of ankle flexibility. So there's a modifier. If you can't do it, throw 500 feet. If that's not enough, a 10 from there, even a 25, there's going to be a degree that really bridges the gap between your ankle flexibility and how to do these properly, you'll be able to get it done. In the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end. One thing in the note on the quad variation is if you want to get even more out of it, make sure you're driving through your heels, but also as you come up, start to lift those toes up, really, really rock back into those heels. It's going to flex those quads that much harder. So I can kind of hand the number times I've squatted that wasn't a front squat variation because holding it to the side to me, that's just inefficient. Your knees are in the way, doesn't make sense. Holding them in close, now you're just doing basically a deadlift at that point. I wouldn't even categorize it as a squat. That's a sumo deadlift. But that's partially because of how good the dumbbell version of these are because unlike the barbell, we were basically just choking yourself to death. You have a better connection to your legs doing the dumbbells. Now, unless you're in the autoroticates fixiation, which in my younger years, right there with you. But now stick the dumbbells. I actually have to switch cameras because I've been here for so long. My go-to dumbbell squat has to be this one. Where I put my heels on the dumbbell that way, I have no ankle flexibility I can keep it back nice and straight and there I have another dumbbell really training it like a front squat. So basically we're doing a Sissy squat, not coming all the way up, nice control, and then putting all that pressure on those squats. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video. I'll hopefully something in the gym because it is so much more fun in here. Get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: How To Squat For MAXIMUM GROWTH [3euFeDglIBg].txt ===

R2A were hitting squats and I'm not talking about going over the intricacies of how to have proper form because to me, it sounds like a snooze fast. But we're going to be taking already hard and possible exercise to the squat and make it that much harder and in turn to get more growth out of it. And I've already hear people say, you know, I don't have a squat bar. I'm not stuck in quarantine. I get it. This is not disregarding any of that. You could take some of these principles, use them at home, do air squats, help pick up one of your kids. I mean, you can care that there's 16 year olds, even better. Grab a little bastard to ask the real one of your shoulders and get after it. All right, so first things first, we're going to take those shoes off because if you want to see how fit your form is, put those feet flat on the floor and really see where you're putting pressure. If it's on the outside of your foot, if it's on the inside of your claps and those arches or if you're shifting that weight forward, putting in your toes, you'll know right away from the start you're screwing yourself. And even more importantly than that, the more you train with your feet flat on the floor is just going to increase angle flexibility over time. So if you're somebody who trains with a heel, great, you're having some great numbers, cool. And as we don't give you a shit about that, we're trying to grow. So if numbers are your game, that's a whole different ball game, we're not even talking about that. If you want growth, you need more angle flexibility, you need to be able to push those knees over your toes and not lift those heels up and be able to drive from your heels, especially in a high bar squat. You're going to be able to go all the way down, not lose that form, not let that butt tuck underneath and be able to go a nice deep stretch and stretch that quad as much as possible and then drive up from there and not lose that form and not have to shift your weight, keep it all in the quad's the entire time. All right, so a lot of things will start out with your relation to high bar squats, but they can be used on low bar squats, body weight doesn't matter. One quick note though is I'm be facing away from the mirror most of the time and that's just for the camera angle. If you have a mirror by all means use it, don't be that person to the gym, it has a perfectly good mirror, they face the other way because they think their form is so good it never is. Never overestimate, how good you are, anything, especially when it comes to form because if you're going by feel, your body will always betray you. A lot of times when I film these videos, I think you have some great clip or great angle and I'm doing this b roll shot and I'm doing a set of something and then I look at it afterwards and I'm like holy shit that form is awful. So step number one to getting more growth at your squats is never locking you down. If I had to categorize my form, I call them three quarter reps. So I go all the way down through course way up, back down. Now I see a lot of people who gym with a lot of weight but they go all the way down, come all the way up, lock their knees out, lock their back out and then go back into it to me that defeats the purpose. You lose the tension on the quad's, glutes, hands, you're not staying loaded the entire time and if you want to categorize it as constant tension, I guess that's what it is. But to me, it's just about doing what's hard, not doing what's easy and locking it out resting a second, keep that tension, get more grow. Step number two is stop bouncing at the bottom. Cool, you can take three fifteen and whatever you're deemed heavy, smash the bottom, almost blow your knees and explode it back up. To me, you don't get your man card there. It comes in the mail when you go all the way down and hold it for at least three seconds and really control and fire all the muscles you need to stabilize that weight and then drive it up. I've had a lot of people comment on videos how to increase my flexibility. Now, there's a lot of indirect ways you can do it but the absolute best advice that anybody can give you is do the thing you're inflexible at more. So if it's squatting, put a little weight on the bar, squat all the way down, keep that good, perfect form and hold it. Your body will adapt. When it comes to holes, you got some options. You can go heavier and do a shorter step like a three second hold or you can do something of disgusting and put some lighter weight on there and do a ten second hold. Set number three is actually one of my favorites but I've never seen anybody do this. All the gym has ever been to. I've never walked in and saw somebody been like, oh my god, there's crazy is me and I get it because this is an amastagulating. If you could do three fifteen before, you're going all the way down to one thirty five or even ninety five because what you're doing is slowing down the eccentric and concentric part of the movement down to a snail's pace. I'm talking ten second negative, ten second positive because truly if you believe that time of their chances is the key, then why not have actually more time under tension? All right, last but not least, step number four, contracting through the movement. Now there's a huge difference between just moving weight and contracting through it. Now obviously all the muscles have to work in conjunction to get a squat done but different parts of the movement are dominated by different muscles. So the very bottom is dominated by your glutes. Now starting that contraction by flexing those glutes and starting that movement up will drive that weight up and now you're into the next section which is dominated by your hamstrings. So from there, really contract those hamstrings that will start moving you a little bit up but also forward and then it's going to drive into your quads, but it's just going to finish off the actual squad itself. Now when you can master that and know how to flex each muscle to get through the movement, your results and your growth are going to go through the roof. Now I call these steps, I shouldn't just call them tips because that's really what they are. You can do all of them at once or you can just pull a couple out of the time. You can go and do a nice slow negative with the slight pause. You can do one day where you're just doing all contraction work nice slow controlled, contract is a movement. Really that's what it is. You've got more tools for your tool belt so when you're doing the squat you want to make it harder you want to get more growth. Pull one of these bent boys out. Like I said in the beginning, all these squat variations can be used across the board any type of squat you do. When they got wanted to do but I knew this would be a 30 minute video, it's going with my favorite ways of doing high bar squat, low bar squats, Smith, different hacksquat techniques and also dumbbell variations. So if you want me to do that, just leave a comment below. I'd be happy to do that. And as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Again, I'm going to leave that link so if you want to put your email in there when the course comes out, you'll be the first to know it's just not ready yet because with the fuck has access to a gym. And again, get after a get-grown. I'll talk to you soon. And even more importantly, certain muscles are going to dominate certain parts of the movement. So at the very bottom, the berry, the fucking berry.

=== FILE: How YOU Can Lose Stubborn Fat Fast (3 SIMPLE STEPS!) [UxOczJlhPBU].txt ===

You gotta ask yourself, what kind of sick human being makes a video about losing body fat and releases it on Thanksgiving? That's what you're dealing with. This is definitely going to be a video you want to watch again later. After you've done stuff in your face and you've blooped the bathroom a few times and you're completely filled with guilt and you're ready to get back on the right track. And as odd as it may sound, I'm doing this because I care. I think the statistic is something crazy like between today and the first of the year, people get in an average like nine pounds. Moral the story, let's not be average. And I say, let's purposefully because we're in this together. I'm always only a few bad decisions away from being a full blown diabetes. And at the end of this video, I'll go over exactly how I attack training abs as well as specific exercises because when you're following these three steps, you can be really efficient with your ab training. Can't be an afterthought, but don't over-complicate it. Step number one, stop screwing up. My wife came to me the other day and said, hey, I'm just not losing weight as fast as I think I should be. What do you think it is? And I just sat there like an asshole because, well, you know me and then I said, hold on. Crystal light greens, coffee creamer, all those things add up and make no mistake about it. I'm a chubby chaser heart. So for goals to bulk up, I'm a team player. I'll help her bake some cookies and pack on some masks, but that's not her goal and I hate to see her frustrated. And her response, as well as others I've talked to this about, is usually the same. What's wrong with the little crystal light and coffee creamer? And my response is always the same back. What's right with it? I mean, if your justification is that taste good makes me happy, that's fine. Just know that it adds up quick. And that's my sentiment towards the greens as well. So wonderful product, but know that there's 50 calories in there and that's not an insignificant amount. I mean, go hop on the treadmill and see how long it takes you to burn out 50 calories. A shitty amount of time. And I wonder why my wife let me leave the house with a wrinkly T-shirt. It's probably pissed at me. So that covers the screwups that happen when you unknowingly take into much extra calories. But what about those known screwups? When you take a pizza to the face every night, how do you stop that? Here's an analogy for all my single friends. You're a solid 7. That means your dating pool is most likely 7's. Unless you really get yourself in a good shape, take care of yourself. You might be able to reach up and grab an 8. You're not getting a 9 and there's no such thing as 10's. Those are unicorns, stop believing in f***ing unicorns. Every bad decision you make like every night you smash a pizza, bring your number down. Before you could get 7's, now you drop to 6.9's. To eventually, you're the surgeon for a 2 or you eat yourself to death and die alone. If that doesn't get you motivated, I don't know what will. Thanks again Roman for sponsoring this video. I thought for sure, if that last sad read, they're gonna call me up and say, hey, we appreciate all you've done, but everybody that needed our help already called and signed up. Thread-averted, great job. But that's not the case. There's still a lot of people out there dealing with one of the most life-altering and serious medical conditions there is. You know the one, marshmallow and f***. A rectangle dysfunction. That's what Roman spent years building a digital platform that connect you and a doctor licensed your state all from the comfort of your own home. Just grab your phone, your computer or do what I did. You'll violently add a frustration until your neighbor's call a cops and they can help you complete a free online visit. Then you hear back from US License Physician within 24 hours. If a doctor decides treatment's right for you, Roman's pharmacy can ship your medication to you with free 2 day shipping. You also get free fall ups through their doctor and tell me of questions or you want to adjust your treatment plan. Remember there's no commitment so you can cancel anytime. Go to get romin.com slash Ryan for free online visit and free 2 day shipping. Again get romin.com slash Ryan. For free online visit every 2 day shipping. Hey Doc, we got up the dose. Why? I couldn't I could barely even get one. I know f***ing embarrassing. Step two get ready or crutch. Build a concrete plan that you can follow that's going to get you results and start decreasing your body fat without cardio. Unless you're somebody who just has no friends and loves to do cardio, it'll work but more than likely it's not sustainable. And this is where usually get 75 DMs and say, well tell me the exact calories and macro percentage and speed to which I say do it yourself. Really you have to test because if I just told you the exact diet that I do or one that I think is going to work for you, I'd probably be full of shit. I can tell you what I've done in experiences I've had in the past and what's worked for me but I can't tell you that this diet is going to work for everybody because it won't. Figure out your maintenance calories, drop a by a few hundred, tweak your macro percentages and eventually you'll figure your body out because at the end of the day no one's going to know you better than you can know you. Step three don't screw yourself from the start. A diet sounds like a death sentence. If somebody told me I had to follow this meal plan and there's no lean you see whatsoever, I'd say hold on and then go lay in the street. That's why every Saturday in our house we start the day off by eating garbage food. We get our pants on around noon but that's only going out in the world to get more garbage food. And to the people that will no doubtably comment on this video that you can't lose weight, have an entire cheat day. I would say go back to step two. Step reading your bullshit case studies and experiment on yourself. It'll work. So when you're following those three steps to a T it's just a matter of time before that six back starts poking through and it makes ab training incredibly easy. I just had ten minutes to end my workout three times a week and it's very short rest. Today I did three runs of these to failure back to back to back, no rest just burned them out and I was done. Starting out I did elbows to knees lying on the bench because I get more of a stretch on these but I don't suggest these to be having any disc problems. Then a modified version of a crunch just to put more stress on those abs. I just called it a chubby man's V up. Then twist in those hips to hit those legs and do a knees to chest. If you're in the States have a great thanksgiving and whether you like it or not, or like family this year, I'm not have to be the stand-in for your creepy uncle. Here's a link to a video where I go into more detail on diet. Also one on common training mistakes. The most important links subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after get growing. Talk to you soon. If you didn't think I was an asshole before, it's wearing socks at a whole time.

=== FILE: How to Get More Muscular GLUTES! Psst.. You're Doing These Wrong [Qb1IeBBYAR4].txt ===

Now, I know this is gonna piss some people off, but in my opinion, the absolute best exercise for glutes is the sumo deadlift. You know, some people are saying, no, it's the hip thrust or, you know, the best thing you do is when your wife goes to work and nobody's home, use your booty band. And that might be true if you do your sumo's like everybody else, but if you're doing the way I'm gonna show you, they're phenomenal. So let's get you off that padded toilet seat and get you a real ass. Let's get after it. Now, I will say there's definitely a case that hip thrust should take the top spot because it really is that continuous cracking one that's with your cheek's motion that is so good it engage in your glutes. And obviously there's some built-in nostalgia we all feel because it reminds us of being younger, hitting the bars full of piss and vinegar and obviously alcohol and seeing that BBW in the corner and thinking, I'm up for the challenge. But there's two huge problems with hip thrust. First one being, it's the only exercise you ever thought yourself, God damn it I wish I was weaker because it's gonna be a pain in the ass but all these plates away. And second, I don't care how many pads you use. Having that bar dig into your food up or food but depending on who's watching, makes you feel a little bit more sterile with each rep. But what we can do is take what makes hip thrust so great, bring it over to sumo's and create one hell of an exercise. I'll let's talk this setup. First thing you wanna do, get rid of your shoes because I don't care how flat yours are if you have specific lifting shoes when it comes to this exercise, nothing beats Costco socks. Next, no matter how light the set is, use your straps because we're training for hip hurts being the biggest mistake I see people make that holds them back and actually limits how much muscle they can put on. Is there not specific enough about what muscles they're targeting with each exercise? So for instance, I'll think, I'm gonna go squat and train my legs that's gonna limit you. Instead, you should be thinking, okay, I'm gonna do a high bar squat, feet close, target those quads, or I'm gonna go low bar, feet wide, limit the range of motion, hit glutes. And the same thing applies here. I don't wanna think about my grip strength, or my lower back, I just wanna target my glutes. Now when it comes to setting up at the bar, don't put those feet too wide. I'll actually keep you from really pulling from those hips. So only put those feet a little bit wider than shoulder width. Now when it comes to angle of your feet, I would say anywhere from 60 to 45 degrees. Now you might have to work your way to that 45 degree mark, but it's beneficial because it actually promote good form. It'll force you to drive those knees out as you contract up. All right, now we can really get into what makes these sumos different. And I know it took a while to get to, but you have to understand that there could be some new lifters watching this. And in a make sure they fully understood the link between sumos and BBWs. So your primary focus in doing these is limiting knee extension as much as possible. Good way to think about it is when I talk about lap pull downs, you're keeping the elbow in a fixed position to limit how much your biceps get involved, so it's all lats. Same idea here. You're trying to keep that knee in a fixed position, limit how much your quads get involved, so it's all your glutes. Which ultimately means the lock out or the top of the contraction is gonna be different. No longer is a finished rep defined by a fully flexed quad and knees locked out. Now it's defined by fully flex glutes, which means there's gonna be more pain. One thing that's helped people in the past I've worked with get that perfect form down on these is simply saying keep that same bending your knees and focus on rotating over top of your hips. Sound stupid, but it works. And because this form is gonna be foreign to you, I would start up by resetting after every single rep that we can take inventory and make sure set up correctly. Make sure driving those knees out, that back is fully engaged in safe, make sure shifting that weight back and when you contract up, you're not just driving straight up, you're actually rotating at the hips and flexing the shit out of your glutes. Which leads us into rep ranges and you should do both. Because we changed the form on these, now we're really isolating down those glutes. There's times when you gotta bring the ego out, walk around the gym, bang your chest, and lift some heavy shit. But that also means that it's gonna be just as beneficial to do ridiculous high rep sets of 30 reps and throw up in your mouth. Congratulations. Now you're ready to go train those glutes more efficiently and actually grow an ass that can stop what you thought was a fart that you should have never trusted in the first place. And if you haven't got a chance to go the 30 day full gym or garage program, there's definitely some sumos in there. I'll leave a link in the description. Also, if you need help with just other glute training exercises, there's a video. Also, another one for your diet, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: I Almost Killed Him... [YTi-AouzUrw].txt ===

All right, today we're going to be exactly what it takes to make a transformation and I'm going to show you how by helping somebody change their life. I'm excited. This is like the biggest loser. If biggest loser had a butt baby with scared straight, it's more like when hot sauce meets your bottle, meet Adam, a third of your own who like most people was his healthiest in his early 20s. Get out of here. He peaked in high school. He's 97% body fat and his blood type is butterfinger. But before we do anything, we got to get him looking apart. Here, put this on. You look like a ****. Uh, this is a medium. Arnold wore that shirt and you'll be lucky if you wiped his tane on it. Now when you work with somebody who's fairly new to the gym, it's important that they're good and warmed up and feel ready to go. And you're also going to need this. What are we going to be doing? This is for a seven year old. I damn it. Lance Armstrong has one nut. Just pick the one you want to keep. The key is to ease into it. You don't want to scare him away. So the best way to start out is with a leg day. It really lets you know how hard this is going to be in the best exercise. Is the leg extension. It's like that carny game we have on our kid where you grab on and test your strength. And it'll let you choose to shoot out of you and ends up killing a couple of kids so they got rid of them. But that's the way I like to start out leg days. Fifty sixty reps on here. And don't be surprised when people struggle and start to doubt themselves. That's normal and completely okay. I found that a few positive words of encouragement really go a long way. Burn and bro. I swear to God, I will punch you in the neck. Another key to lasting success is finding out what motivates them. Some people are motivated when they're running toward something. So it's your job to find out what that positive reinforcement is that drives them, leverage it, and help them reach their goals. Now other people. Our more motivated. I fear. And I'm not going to lie. Adam was one of my tougher clients because it seemed like the things that motivate most people. Just wasn't working on him. What do you mean you can't do it? To fuck a fat. I knew for him I had to start thinking outside the box. Do I send them positive daily affirmations or make them one of those awareness risk fans to say you got it? Warms in the New Yass! The box is problem. It was worth a shot. Another important thing that can be overstated is nutrition. I think the best thing you can do for somebody is give them a list of healthy options to choose from. Or you raid their fridge and go through their cabinets and find the only things in life that make them have. Put it all together. Make a shit sandwich and force feed it to them. And lastly, I think it's incredibly important to incorporate some sort of cardiovascular exercise. Whether that's a brisk walk around the block or jumping jacks or it's good, I like it. But it sucks. Instead, take their ass to a step mill until the unfathom sells. It'd be alright. If you want the same kind of treatment, grab one of the programs linked below. They're only 20 bucks and get after it. How you doing? I've got it. You know, I've been feeling the wrong way. I've been in the pump with my claws. That's why I said, can you get my muscle fetching my ass? Is it me? Is it because I'm like, No, it's not you. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me.

=== FILE: I Blew Up My Arms With THESE!! [uAPyL4JeVSU].txt ===

All right, today I'm taking some BFR bands. See if I can't blow up my arms. Maybe even legs. And if you haven't tried to clues and training in the past and you're a little mentally messed up, then you're going to want to after watching this one. And even if you have, you're going to want to start doing them this way. Let's get after it. I even like the packaging on this thing. It came with a little letter that said, if we don't exceed your expectations, we'll give you a full refund. And there's a picture of him as wife and his kid that subconsciously let you know that if you ask for a refund, wife's going to take the kid and leave him. Well played. What's even better is that's probably not even him. I'm sure the owner of the company just Google searched mall glamour shots. And that's the one they picked. My kind of company. So if you're new to BFR bands, all we're doing is create a little localized apoxia increase the metabolic stress on that muscle, but where they really shine is in physical therapy. Because they're using actual coughing and it precise them on a pressure. But I've used the cops and they're more of a pain than anything else. You know, screw down with the cough more than you do working out. So for our purpose, a bunch of jerks I want to get bigger. These are work just fine. But if you are coming back from injury, then go see a physical therapist because you'll be amazed how much you can limit that muscle from adjfing by using these. And I know you guys, you're going to open that package and think, well, I got a full day of autoronic exphyxiation ahead of me, but don't go Chris Cornell yourself because that's a multi-player game. If you try to take this one as a solo campaign, you're going to hurt yourself. So the way I like to use them for arms is to keep that crazy high volume that I normally use. But instead of sitting on one exercise and trying to pop them there, I find it's better, slash worse, to do a magyan sets instead. So you got some options. If you want to hit both biceps and triceps, just two supersets back to back and make that your giant set, that'll get the job done. You'll hurt yourself nicely. But if you've ever had a problem connecting with either of them, just do what I'm doing, which is just pick one and hammer it. Your problem won't be connection anymore. It'll be that you hurt yourself so bad that you pissed your pants in the gym and now you're embarrassed. MUSIC So when you put these on, if your first thought isn't, I 100% get what the ultimate warrior or there's little girly tassels on his arm, we can't be friends. And yeah, there's a way to tuck it away, so you're not flopping around. But I'll tell you right now, doesn't work as good. So the obvious uses arms, quads, hamstrings, but I'm sure you've seen some of you are using them in a not so obvious way as well. Think about the girl with a gym, throw some other legs and train his glutes. That's because some of the muscles that aren't being included are gonna read the benefits as well. So think about that when you're having trouble to connect a bit of chest, your back, that might be the hell, may you need to make that connection. But today, let's go for the most painful. Let's blow up those casts. One of my favorite caff extra sizes, limited equipment or not, is just throwing a plate on the ground, squatting all the way down on top of it, and sitting on those hamstrings and flexing against it. It's a special kind of pain that makes you wanna throw up pretty quick. Let's see what happens when you do that with these on. Oh, I guess what it's sucked. So if you wanna try these out for yourself, only these exact ones below, that way that guy's wife doesn't leave them. And if you're not gonna make a video, either train it arms or legs, and using these to refold work out, just comment below. But at the end of the day, go see your doctor, because you can run into clot issues. Remember, I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. I'm just an asshole. And if you're crazy enough to take on the 30 day program, I'll link to that as well, but make sure you watch these two videos next. And most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: I Challenged 4 Women To A Leg Workout For $5,000! [z3oJUGsyg2o].txt ===

This is $5,000 and these are four thick women competing for and the only other time I've ever given a woman $5,000 I at least left with a sh**t streak on my shirt, so I don't feel good about this for that reason We're adding one more woman to this competition Let's f**king go let's meet our contestants And to make this fair those four are gonna be on one team competing against me on my own team And every challenge is worth a thousand dollars starting with challenge number one, which is Apply called please stop talking or I swear to God I will murder us both we're gonna set a 60 second timer and see how many reps we can get on the hacks quad and most importantly Our mouth is gonna be taped shut first up is Janus and you may recognize her from previous videos where she cracked wall on some my head or sat on Adams face Or maybe even paid her a small some of money to crush a watermelon so we know that her legs have a But do they have muscular endurance? Three four turns out yeah the same type of crazy to justify his ending every relationship by stabbing her partner in the neck is also really good at high rep sets 46 Next up is Sarah and the camera really doesn't do justice to the thickness of this woman her ass is the mic Tyson of punch And she spent the first 30 minutes of this competition fighting with her boyfriend on the phone so she has an unfair anger advantage Dang 42 Next up Carly and don't let her sweet face for you this woman is dark And go she showed up to my house smelling like gray goose and beef she appeared have a stroke halfway through the challenge and still Manage to get the most rep so far one of your eyebrows is raised to the money's not The next day I found a piece of human shit in my front yard. I'm assuming it's from her 50 50 is a new number last up America and any white girl that does her makeup like a chola is obviously a dangerous woman She actually has braces not because they're cheaper smile direct as obviously a less expensive option But she told me and I quote they are a weapon Good 37 And That is disturbing you can already see the nervousness in my face because I realize I picked the wrong women They're all obviously juicing their brains out because they should not be this strong and there's even a moment right there Where I shake my head because I realize I'm gonna be the first lady boy to fail not when a gold medal not have a bunch of stories written about me How great I am I'm just gonna lose It was a dumb idea All right, challenge number two is what I'm calling zapping the fix We're using a neuromuscular reeducation device which if used correctly can ease pain help with nerve injuries and even stimulate growth But if used incorrectly What caused you to contract your muscles so hard that you piss yourself now? I'm sure you've used e-sum devices before but this one is powerful it uses direct current So just imagine if your e-sum was hooked up to a car battery We had everybody attached pads to their quads and the camera guy got lost in jannisus boobs quads and their glutes and then jannis got lost and everybody's asked Because jannis and go You guys remember that part of scary movie I'm gonna piss on your face and I'm gonna fart your mouth That is Sarah's energy One God He says I just realized watching this back I did more reps than everybody I just blacked out from the pain and he stick One in trick me because I didn't keep count. I was just trying not to shit myself I Challenge number three the leg press we're gonna see how many reps they can get while peggies sits on top of it To hold make me feel bad By this point jannis had already deep thirted half of a subway sandwich so that's loaded down in America Started to cramp up so really I only had to worry about two wins Sarah who at this point I would assume would like the feeling of being branded by a catalyren And Carly who chases her dry scoop of pre-workout with the box of wine Oh And then it was time for me to show these girls how a real woman does it In my defense I swear to God Sarah's starfish winked at me and all I could think about is entering her into the prettiest but holding Mission competition I got one Better be three So if I watch it back I'm getting my ass kicked change of plans. I need an exercise. I know I can win all right challenge number four is leg fight Really opposite of each other right at the hip you win by getting the other the opponent's leg To the ground hip hip yeah legs up And then fight Three two go easily kicked her ass beat that bitch Three two even with Janis trying to grab my leather Cheerio. I still kicked her ass Sarah on the other hand obviously a little bit tougher Come on Jesus But at the end of the day my hand wallet came out on time You got three hernias good job The last challenge is a cold plunge obviously it's freezing cold Whoever can stay the longest wins and Janis I assume this was going to be one of the quicker challenges because this is hard I even put icing there to make it even colder And they started out struggling Only nine and a half minutes left Do you ever put hands in or no is it your first time putting hands Do you put feet in every time? Okay, you want to talk some more no three minutes I'm at three minutes you're at three home minutes Oh No god no you're fucked. I told you But I underestimated just how deep rooted these women's father issues were Got some great news for you Great news I drink kettle one great news great news. Oh, sorry I It's good I see your profile. I appreciate your honesty Have away there all of them lasted 10 minutes and I have no idea how safe it is to go past that so I paid them to get out They started to turn blue And Janis all but sealed the victory for the women by pissing in the cold plunge Don't believe me reader lips as always programs link below only 20 bucks, but they are closing soon You won't lose access, but you just can't buy him anymore. Yeah

=== FILE: I GUARANTEE You’re Doing This WRONG! [z59ulvlIZfk].txt ===

Today we're gonna go over how to get more growth out of every single squat that you do. Wait, hold on, let me refer you to that every single compound movement you do for legs. It's an even bolder claim. Here's a good test. Take a look at my form on the hack squat. If you can't instantly identify what I'm doing wrong and more important than that, how to fix it, then I guarantee you're making the same mistake. Plus, it has everything to do with the physics of a squat. So to be able to teach you how to increase torque, tension, and bi-specific muscles, I'm gonna need this thing. Now this guy's probably a mechanical engineer built the same from scratch. I am not. I was a Lincoln Logos kid and never got connects because my parents knew it was just a matter of time before I shoved them all up. So I need to go to Home Depot, bring all that stuff back here. And attempt to build this thing from scratch. Not bad. I'd like to dedicate this to my big fat third grid art teacher that never said I'd amount to anything. Look at me now. I want you to think of this model as a direct reflection of your frail little sad body. Now when you squat, the load or resistance you're working against has a direct line of force that should always be over the center of your foot. If it's not, you'll fall over. Doesn't matter if you're doing a high bar, low bar, even front squat, you should be able to trace the bar path right over top of the line of force. So the first thing I would do before trying to perfect your squat is identify any weaknesses. And you could do this easily by downloading an app that tracks the path of your bar. The most common fault you're gonna see is as you start to ascend the butt kicks back which causes the bar to drift forward. And this is due to your lower back trying to compensate for your weak glute, specifically glute max. And it's a simple fix. Start doing butt stuff. Now as you descend into a squat, all you're technically doing is decreasing the angle of the joints that are involved. The hip knee and ankle. And therefore lengthen the corresponding muscles. So for the hip joint, it's a glutes and hamstrings. For the knee joint, it's your quads. And for the ankle joint, it's your soleus and gastro. And I'm gonna state this as simply as I possibly can because this for me was the aha moment and when I realized what I was screwing up. The muscles that get the most stress or tension is dictated by which joint is furthest away from that line of force. You either got a piece of metal in my eye or my wife farted on my pillow again. As the joint moves away from the line of force, it creates what's called a moment arm. The greater the moment arm, the more torque on the joint which increases demand of the muscles involved in supporting that joint. Once you fully grasp that sentence for me it took a second because I spent my entire childhood in the Sullivan Learning Center, didn't help, I still read it fifth grade level. You realize it's just a matter of manipulating your form or finding other squat variations to create the longest possible moment arm in the joint and corresponding muscles you're trying to target. A traditional high bar squat should have a relatively equal moment arm when comparing hip to knee joint when your femur is parallel to the floor. A low bar squat bias is the hip joint by increasing the moment arm at the proximal end and a front squat bias is the knee joint by increasing the moment arm at the distal end. So let's take the information and look back at the hacksquad I did in the beginning of this video. As I descend everything is going exactly as planned. The line and force is perfectly angled from my shoulders contact the pad. And you can see hacksquads are inherently phenomenal by using your quads because when you're parallel to the platform you create the longest possible moment arm in that knee joint. But the moment I go past parallel, my knees actually come closer to my body. Meaning I'm shortening that moment arm and I'm also bringing my hips, my glutes, the hamstrings involved because I'm shortening the angle of that hip joint. So I'm taking less stress out the quads putting onto the hips and I'm f***ing it all up. Now does that mean you should only do half reps on the hacksquad? Absolutely not. The solution is simple. You're just gonna walk your feet down to the point that when you're at the bottom of the lift, the moment arm of your knee joint is added to longest. The problem is most people don't have the ankle mobility to do that. Here are some band-aid fixes for you. Some hacksquads will actually allow you to change the angle of the platform to make up for your poor mobility. It's adorable. Or you buy yourself a pair of shoes like this. Most will have a three-quarters inch heel which puts you at 20 degrees in the planter flexion before you even start the lift. So it should make up for any of your inadequacies. These are obviously really small. They're not mine. They're my wife. I don't wear high heel shoes. Or you go full hacksaw gym dug and you bring your own two by four to the gym to put on your heels. If you don't know who that is, get out right now. Go away. It's got damn legit. Or my personal favorite just lean into the fact that you have poor mobility and do a Tom Platt style of hacksquad. And I know some people like to play it safe, missionary position lights off so nobody can see your butt hole. I get it. The fact of the matter here is you're gonna have to use a lighter weight because you're taking your hips completely out of the equation. Your feet are gonna be perfectly fine. They can support you in that position. And if your knees are comfortable off to go through a full range of motion, then they're gonna be fine with this. Don't freak out. And this brings up a very important point when it comes to leg press because now that we understand the physics behind these movements, you're gonna immediately realize that an exercise that starts your hip joint that had to decrease angle is gonna make it very hard to bias it towards your quads. Thank you. I got it. So if you see somebody say you can easily target your quads by pushing your feet close together, which I used to say, you can call bull, just by looking at the angle of the actual joints and the moment arms involved. The only real way to bias your quads on here, which I've verified with EMG device, is walking your feet all the way down to the point that when you're at the bottom, you have no choice. You're gonna lift up your heels. All the pressure's gonna be on your toes. Which, again, I don't think is a bad thing because the more I've tested, I realize that exercises that shift the pressure into your toes in the pursuit of actually getting your knee joint away from that line of force are the golden ticket. Now I've got the golden ticket. So how can you apply this to your training? Let's start with quads. We know we need to limit hip angle of possible and create the longest moment arm for your knee joint. So exercises like the leg press, like we talked about by moving your feet down, hacksquat, same way, but also exercises like a Sissy squat are phenomenal as long as you don't lean forward because then again, you're recruiting those glutes. Or by doing a split squat where you attempt to drive your knee as far forward as possible, while maintaining upright posture because again, if you lean forward, you screw it up and adding a plate under your heel will help you get the job done. And if you're some of the hatesurotic association in front squats, but still wants to target their quads more than a tristmo squat, putting a plate under your heels will allow you to drive your knees further away from you. Is that what I really wanted to say? For glutes, just think how would I screw this up for quads? So go back to that split squat, lean forward and decrease knee angle. But one of my all time favorites is setting up for a stiff leg but then slightly bend in the knees and driving my hips as far back away from that line of forces possible. It allows you to pull a lot more weight and the path is perfectly aligned for targeting that glute max. And I know what somebody's gonna say. Easier said than done because I have long ass femurs so every time a squat looks like I'm trying to blow myself. I get it, it sucks. That actually is not bad form that squatting based upon your own biomechanics but everything I said still rings true. So buying some squat wedges might be the only thing that allows you to maintain the upright posture and drive your knees away from you to be able to buy a shirt quads. These are not bad. Amazon. And if you haven't bought the most recent backed by science program, the cool part is it's kind of alive. Even based upon stuff I learned making this video, I'm gonna make a few changes. Just it's gonna suck worse.

=== FILE: I Taped My Mouth Shut For 30 DAYS! [kcNdll0PdyU].txt ===

I'm doing this for 30 F***in' days. Now I'm sure your first obvious question is why would anyone tape their mal-shut while they slept for 30 days straight? Well, it's simple. I'm always looking to optimize my health. Doesn't matter if that means forcing myself outside into the elements and exposing myself to the cold every morning, I'll do it. Or getting in a sauna that's hovering around 200 degrees and sitting there with my funny hat on while my back fat sizzles for 20 to 30 men or peptide therapy, which in itself could be its own video. But the reason I started to tape my mouth before bed and why when I train now, I do it exclusively with nasal breathing is because for the past 15 years I've walked it up this same way. I got up, ripped off my CPAP, and felt like I got hit by a bus. Don't get me wrong. It's better than if I don't wear it, but we all know those people that hop out of bed ready to take on the day, f*** those people. I don't ever feel like that. So there's gotta be a better way. I was first introduced to this concept from this book. It's a phenomenal read. It's not my style of writing and more of an RL Stein guy, repage 28, jump to 222, but regardless the experiment that he and one of the person did on themselves, where they taped their nose shut for 20 days and watched themselves subjectively and objectively deteriorate was fascinating. Not only did they feel awful, but their blood pressure went up and the number of sleep at me events every night went up and their HRV went down. So let's dive deeper into the science of nasal breathing to see if this is something you're interested in trying. If you're somebody that knowingly suffers from obstructive sleep apnea, then it's probably worth a shot. They've done several studies that show the number of apnea events per night, cuts in half. Which makes sense because all this dirty CPAP does is provide positive pressurized air that allows you to open up your airway and more efficiently exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide. That's when you drive by a dentist, you're always going to see an old lady out front sitting over their oxygen tank smoking and when she blows the smoke out, show his purses or lips. That's her body's way of actually trying to create that positive pressure. What's interesting is your nose naturally does this. Not sure if you fall into this category, well, if you snore, you probably do. You're just not aware of the fact that you're dying a little bit every night. And that big fat wife of yours sure is hella's going to tell you. From a general health standpoint, your day-to-day walking around of sucking wind, nasal breathing is the clear winner. It filters allergens, humidifies air and even causes your pernails of sinusis to release nitric oxide, which have a whole host of benefits. That's why you'll see somebody like Huberman talk about it so much. He even mentions mouth tape, but you can tell he's a little reserved because he knows somebody's going to do what I did in the thumbnail. Rapid entire thing. A tape around there mouth, suffocate, and die. That was for a dramatic effect. I'll show you how to do it at the end of this video. But the evidence is clear. We should be trying to breathe out of her nose all the time. Which means while you train. Because the best way I've heard this day to this is that your relationship with carbon dioxide is your relationship with oxygen. Meaning that if you have a low CO2 tolerance, you're running sub-optimal. How do you know? Take a nice deep inhale through your nose and then breathe out of your nose as slow as you possibly can. If you can't last 20 seconds, you suck it life and you need to increase your tolerance. And there's several ways to do this. It's just a matter of getting your body comfortable in high carbon dioxide environments. But the absolute best way is just to kick your own ass and only breathe out of your big fat nose. And don't be surprised if it first it feels like it's slowing you down and holding you back. It takes weeks to see any benefits. You're going to have several leg days where you hop off the hacksquat. It's not dripping down your face. In your gym crush is looking at you wondering why there's not an adult dragging you around the gym by your least backpack. And we don't need to get in the nitty-gritty of the borr effect. Just know that over time this is going to allow you to breathe more efficiently, improve oxygen delivery and delay fatigue. That was just for all you bricks that hate when I say especially wrong. What do you want for me? I'm delayed. If you're going to give this a go, let me give you some tips I picked up along the way that will make your life a lot easier. Stop blowing your nose. It only makes it worse. Go to Costco. Get a big bag of Neil Med Sinus Rins. Take one of those salt packets with distilled water. Blow it up your nose and try not to throw it. When it comes to malt tape, the best I found is hostage tape. It's the only one that works if your a man or woman has a beer. I also use a chin strap because otherwise my mouth will slowly start to open during the night and it looks awesome. Looks good. So let me give you a rundown how these 30 days went. Day one went to bed and realized there is no way in hell I can do this. Welcome to the next morning. So I'm in the 1% of people that needs to have surgery. My nose is the lab. So they went in there and blew some shit up and that sent me back about seven days. I restarted in the 30 days by day two. I could comfortably sleep without ripping off the malt tape. By day seven I could work out and comfortably breathe through my nose. At this point we're past day 30, I feel a lot better. Now I'm still going to fall up and get a sleep study done. But in terms of measurable things, HRV is better unless I eat two pizzas before bed. And I feel better. So we'll see. As always, if you need help kicking your own ass, programs are linked below.

=== FILE: I Tried All The Fat Loss Peptides And THIS Happened! [AQoawPLUKxk].txt ===

These are the future of fat loss. And the science has come a long way. In the 1930s, scientists developed two four-dimensional phenol, which was then used as a yellow industrial dye, a TNT precursor, and a fat loss drug. And it worked incredibly well because it uncoupled all the mitochondria in your body read up to the point that it turned your body into an easy bake oven and cooked all your internal organs. The 40s and 50s saw the rise of the rainbow pill, which was an infetamine, thyroid hormone, laxative, diuretic, and heart medication all rolled into one. Shikes. What an awful way to die. Fast forward to current day, and they might have actually done it. And there's one thing I love about the bodybuilding community, and it's that while the FDA and most rational people need a phase three trial to feel comfortable about a drug, not us. If you get a couple of fat body positive rats to lose some weight, screw it. I'll try it. So while the general population is being spoon fed, billion dollar pharmaceuticals that are side effect written, and usually two to three generations behind, bodybuilders run their own clinical trials. So that's what we're going over today. Let's start this off by going over some of the more recent advancements made with GLP ones. Most people think it all started with semi-glutite, but that actually wasn't the first. It had some predecessors, but they all kind of sucked. SEMO was the first one to come along that cracks double-digit weight loss. It's really what started this revolution and gave all the scientists a slight jump. Basically what they did is took the naturally occurring GLP one, which is mostly secreted in your colon, and a tiny amount in the tail end of your small intestine, added a lab-creat amino acid, so enzymes couldn't chew it up, and bolted on a long chain fatty acid so it could actually ride on the albumin in your blood and give it a half life for six to seven days. But if you've ever taken it, then you've ran into its biggest drawback. Since the main driver is appetite suppression and delay gastric emptying, eventually you find yourself sitting looking at your ground turkey and throwing up in your mouth. Uh-huh, you can get real nauseous. Then turns up a tide entered the chat, a dual GIP GLP one receptor agonists. This time built on a modified GIP backbone with a few GLP one tweaks. Think of GIP as little gut messengers that supercharge glucose triggered insulin release and helps speed up blood sugar control post meal. It's like the bathroom buddy you had an elementary school that kept you from getting dittled, but also got you in trouble because he challenged you to a game of shit stacking. I don't think that analogy worked. The reason it's so important is because the faster the insulin pulse goes back to baseline, the sooner we can switch from storing fat to burning, which made this GLP one king for a while. Until this mutated fist baby came along. I'll have me use the reddit to charge. I read a true tide. And it it worked. Reddit to charge is a triple agonist. GIP, GLP, and Glucogon. By hitting that Glucogon receptor, it tells your liver instead of storing fuel, I want you to burn it, which increases your overall energy expenditure. You burn more calories. In terms of its effectiveness, there's very few results from clinical trials yet because they're mostly still in stage two or the beginning of stage three. This is the only figure I found. Despite that, it's still probably the most prevalent fat loss drug in the bodybuilding community. Anyway, times I've crawled up and down on this stupid thing. But I think the most important question is how much lean mass are we going to lose by taking some of these therapeutics? Just sounded better than research grade peptides. That's kind of dirty. If we look at the fat to lean mass loss percentages, as well the studies done so far, they're not great. But we have to remember these are all done on my 600 pound lifers, Diabetes. As any of my elementary school teachers would tell you, I'm a bit of a fuck. So obviously, I've tried all of them. The most recent trial I did on myself was with Reddit True Tide, where I titrated up to 4 milligrams and after a few months got my Dexis scan read done, and I lost 16.6 pounds of fat. Yes, which is us, but it showed I lost 6.4 pounds of lean mass. Shit, which sucks. That means of all the weight I lost 38% of it was lean mass. Normally, this would piss me off. But after you read James Krieger's article that compares the Dexa versus the four compartment model, which is the gold standard and shows that even athletic populations, the Dexa can be wildly off, you give less fucks. I put a lot more weight into before and after. You can see in my before picture exactly what I was thinking, you're a big fat stupid piece of shit. First is my after. Alright, you're a little less fat, but still stupid piece of shit. Good job. I think what's really exciting is each generation is getting progressively better at preserving lean mass. And it's only going to get better from here. One thing I didn't realize until I started researching for this video is the True Benefits of this one, only start to kick in above 4 milligrams. At those higher doses, this is when the glucocone receptor leg really kicks in. Tells your liver to stop storing and start burning. When it does, it mainly pulls in easy to convert amino acids, like alanine, asparer gene, and serene from your blood. So instead of the liver, indiscriminately pulling from our body's entire amino acid pool, which is where catapulism comes in and play, it mostly focuses on those nonessential amino acids, which means in theory, we should be able to replace those with food and not worry about our precious precious muscle. If the fear of losing muscles, one of the main reason you're not taking these, and you're actually a great candidate. You're somebody who hasn't seen their prick in years. You look down and all you see is the horizon, Fatterf. Then just do what I'm going to do going forward, which is increase the protein and make sure the calorie deficit comes from an increased energy expenditure, so a high flux calorie deficit. This ad truth is though, when you look at the research around traditional exercise and calorie restriction without these, it's not great. It's actually kind of shitty. Unless you are taking superficial, logical doses of testosterone or a woman. And there's also benefits these drugs that I don't think people highlight enough, like their cardio-protective effects and my personal favorite, the way they can reduce addictive behaviors. Because the level that Larry wheels us at, death gripping it to cam models, I'm like that, but with food, there's a real angry fat kid deep down inside. Anyone to out. The next supplement we should talk about is SLUPP332. Because it's a great example of bodybuilders doing the most. This thing is still in pre-clinical trials, meaning there's no human trials. It's all still a bunch of fat rats, but if you ask any coach to competitors, whether it's figure fitness bodybuilding, this plus retta is one of their go-to stats. And this little bastard is fascinating. I'm going to try to explain this as simply as possible because to fully understand how this works, it will hurt your brain. SLUPP332 is a synthetic exercise memetic that latches onto all three estrogen-related receptors and pushes their metabolic gene program into overdrive. It's a little bit with fucking hard to understand. And you might be wondering what the hell does that mean? Hold on, let me show you. Normally to reap the benefits of the AMPK signaling cascade, your husky self is going to have to huff and puff your way through some aerobic training. But what SLU does is takes its little marshmallow prick and smashes it into all the estrogen-related receptors, which then builds more mitochondria, which causes you to burn more fat. So what we have here is the closest thing that scientists have ever come to exercise in a pill. And again, the frustrating part about this one is there are no results to show. There's no human trials, so the best you get is anecdotal experiences from bros like myself who've turned their body into a adult chemistry kit that seems like it works. At the very least, just keep it on your radar because you'll see a lot more about it in the near future. Out of everything, though, this is what I'm most excited about. My decauldril, open reading frame of the 12S RNA Type-C. It too is an exercise memetic. And the easiest way to think about it is the OShit button for yourself. When you're under stress, fasting, exercising, oxygen, depletion, botsy runs to the nucleus of the cell, the boost energy production, burn more fat, and reduce oxidative damage. And the one human trial so far has shown some real benefits, reducing ALT, AST, and glucose. But honestly, I don't really give two shits about those effects. That's not what I'm excited about. I have sleep apnea. And I do everything you can think of to get restorative sleep. I use a no-strip. I tape my mouth. I wear a CPAP. I sleep on an eighth sleep. And no matter what my sleep score says, I still wake up feeling like a bag of dicks. So the fact that one study found that modc levels were correlated with the severity of individual sleep apnea got me excited enough to try it. And I could just be an idiot and it's all the placebo effect, but I feel like it's making it different. This will only make sense if you have sleep apnea. But constantly feeling like you're breathing into a paper bag or walking around being incredibly tired because you're basically just oxygen-depletion all day, I feel that a lot less. So it might work. It's worth a shot. I've seen a lot of complaints in the comments that these videos are getting way too long. If enough people find this interesting, I'll make a part two going over other peptides that are just as awesome. I don't want to watch 10 minute video either. The next video on the channel is going to be how to perfectly pair training for strength with high-percephane. Which means there's going to be a program that drops as well. So make sure you're subscribed. Click that little bell. And if you suck at training and you can't wait another week, buy one of the other programs. They're all only 20 bucks.

=== FILE: I Tried To Workout Like Chuck Norris... [XnMfcnNZ09I].txt ===

Check it out. I traded some poor old lady on my equipment for it. I'm straight up. All right, today we're going to have a little fun. See what happens when you try to train like the great Chuck Hazus, Christo Norris. And thanks to Ryze for sponsoring this video. If you want to see exactly how I take my pre-workout because it's a lot more versatile than people think. Stay to the end of the video. But first we're going to build this thing, which already is embarrassing because I'm assuming Chuck built all these by hand. Just taking raw materials and smashing together to build one beautiful son of a car. So far surprisingly, not bad. Smooth that the most cable machine you'll run into at the gym. I could easily see how somebody can get a good work out on this thing. It could also easily see how somebody could accidentally hang themselves. But with all good things, inherently comes some risk. You shouldn't see the lady I got this from. That 80 year old woman was hard selling the **** out of me. She made it seem like I was trying to buy her kidney or something. She had to take me inside, show me how to use it, show me some exercise and how it gets put together, talk about her experience with it, talk about everything. It's done for. She made me lunch. Come and think of it. Ways she was gripping that walker. Maybe she just wanted to get a few tugs in. So normally my content's a little more education based, but this video is no different. Except this time we're going to take the dumbest exercises on here and see what happens. I know you want to have both a man and a woman demonstrating the exercises, but I think they missed a golden opportunity. If they want to put Chuck Norris in a wig on here, they will sold double. Found it. Leg curl with a seated fly. Now we're talking. Yep, definitely a horrible exercise. There's no way. Anybody who's tried that is still stuck in their one bedroom apartment, screaming for help because they got their hair stuck. It's a dangerous. I'm done. I made this as a joke, but you could definitely get a good workout on that thing. You just have to be creative. I'm sure it's torn a few scrotums along the way, but also built a few physiques as well. Now let's get to the big issue at hand. How you're taking your pre-workout. If you're going to sit there and say, I don't need your help. I can just read the back of it. False. Real men don't read directions. And that scoop inside. It's more of a suggestion like the speed limit. Let me ask you this. Get up in the morning. You brush your teeth. Good job. Let's start. I like what you're doing there. If you're not sprinkling some of this on top, you failed. Or if you and the wife got the urge to suddenly bake cookies in the middle of the night, but realizing that you have the ingredients you needed, that's the thing in the past. Or maybe you've been to the strip club recently and came home with a streak on your shirt and harassing your pants. Yeah, fixes that too. Let me ask you this. Do you even have a pre-workout ritual? I didn't think so. We're going to fix that. Oh, it's lemon. It's a bad choice. So head over to RySupps.com slash Ryan and use promo code. You guessed it. Ryan or just click the link in the description. And I'll tell you what. If you order two within the next 15 minutes, we'll also send you that one as well. And if you haven't seen these two videos, watch those next. But most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit the notification bell otherwise, and does nothing. And get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: I Was DEAD WRONG About THIS! [r4ZVqu12mV8].txt ===

Turns out I was completely wrong about cardio. And if you do want them about to tell you, not only you're gonna lose more fat and have better workouts, but you're also gonna change your face. Meaning that one day your heart's not gonna explode if you just sit down on the toilet and clench down. And I know, I know, I've said in the past cardio is a complete waste of time. Don't do it. But I'm gonna tell you what I told the Albuquerque Farad apartment when I got my dick stuck in an apartment jacuzzi jet. Let's not focus on how I got here or the decisions I made my life that led me to this point. Let's focus on what we're gonna do about it. When I first got into work and I was indoctrinated with that slow, monotonous steady state cardio. Because I was told the most important thing is to stay in that fat burning zone and not expend too much energy because you don't want to go cannabolic and lose those precious gains. But you end up walking on the treadmill and looking like an asshole because you get lapsed by every geriatric person in the gym. And at first I thought that was great because if you want to go gym to your cardio you can get through a whole hour of minerals with the sound off because who the fuck carries an FM radio in their pocket but I thought there's gotta be a better way. And then I discovered hit. I was pretty ecstatic because for once I felt like it wasn't getting out work by those old dilapidated balls. But as much as I loved it, it still had some inherent flaws. The first one being had to have carbohydrates to fuel your high intensity workouts and since I don't eat carbs, seemed kinda as backwards to eat them just to do cardio. The second thing is it's hardest to consistent because most of the time you're gonna think of a really good bullshit reason not to do it that day. And if you do force yourself to do it and do it correctly it's gonna kick your ass and affect the rest of your training. And lastly my focus was still centered around how many calories I burned that day and I think that's short sighted. Because just like at 13 I didn't understand there's not much blowing going on in a blow job so Jacuzzi Jet's only gonna be fun for about seven seconds before I turn my dick into a sock on bumper. I didn't realize there's a way to make your body more efficient at burning fat. And I know you're probably thinking you can't I'm gonna affect on your metabolism that's mostly genetic and so it's lucky bastards that can't put on muscle because they just can't eat enough. And if that's you I can collectively speak for us all and say fuck you. But the truth is you absolutely can. And the way I do it is five to 10 minutes of hell on the stairmaster. And that's a very specific time period for a reason because one it's gonna make you more consistent because if you can't at least do five minutes and you're fucked. It also gives you some parameters to work in because you know you have to at least kick your ass to five minutes. You're gonna push yourself to an intensity that barely gets you there. But once you hit that five minute mark, it's on. You're gonna crank up the intensity so high that you can't make it to ten minutes. You're gonna be faced down on the floor breathing out your ass. MUSIC And I think most importantly it changes your mindset about cardio because let's face it. We're all little fucked up. So if we can gamify it make it something we're refiting for our lives, we're gonna be more apt to do it. Again the way you're gonna do it is start out of pace that makes you uncomfortable in a little bit nervous on whether or not you can actually make it to five minutes. And once you get to five minutes, crank up the intensity every 15, 20 seconds. I don't care if you hang on for a dear life. Just keep going. It'll be honest with you. I have no idea why this works so well in terms of fat loss. It's obviously not slow, steady state cardio. It's not high intensity because we're not doing intervals here. It's just one all out horrible sprint for five. If you suck or 10, if you've half asked it, somewhere around eight, and then you throw up in your mouth. Could have something to do with the fact that if you wanted to increase your VO2 max, this is exactly how you would train. And why that doesn't help you burn more calories. It helps you work harder which in turn allows you to burn more calories. Or the simple fact of the majority of the way you shed fat is through carbon dioxide. Not a little about you, but I haven't been out of breath since high school football, four touchdowns in a single game. But whatever the case, this was an absolute game changer for me and has been because I've gotten leaner. I feel better and the good news is, I don't worry about dying every time I go take a shit now. And because of that, I wanted to share this with you. Not because I'm a nice guy, it's because you guys are looking a little chubby. Stay safe in those jacuzzi's.

=== FILE: I Wish I Knew THIS When I Started Lifting! [UcaAhmgF89w].txt ===

Frequency intensity. Who? Who? Tempo. Exercise order. Time of day. Or whether or not you snorted a line of pre-workout. Doesn't actually determine whether or not you build muscle. The only variable that has a consistent, well-documented dose-response relationship type hypertrophy is totally training volume. But even though that's what all the studies that have been done on this topic show, I don't think that's true. Because the difference between the people that you see at your gym for the last 10 years and somehow make no progress and the ones that consistently improve comes down to one thing. Training intensity. This looks ridiculous. I'm keeping it though. I don't care. And yes, drugs and genetics do play a role in that discounting any of those things. The reason I think this is so important is because very few people train with the intensity needed to elicit growth. But I think I found a way to teach it to ensure that we're all hurting ourselves at the same level. And it's awesome and awful. Very hard. But good. But also bad. I'm not saying all the research on this topic is flawed and stupid. It's just... it's hard to test. Here's a study that compared training to failure. Versus leaving two reps in reserve and it only slightly favored training to failure. It wasn't statistically significant. But when you start pulling apart the study, it starts to make sense. Why? It was a single set protocol for each of the exercises and they did that twice per week. A multi set protocol is always going to perform better, but that's not the biggest deal. All the participants were roughly around 21 years old. So I don't even know if they know how to flick the bean yet, let alone push themselves in the gym. Still, not the most important. What was though is they provided video examples of each of the trainees going through the exercises? Holy hell. Here's an example of one of the participants in the failure group. And I'm not saying that Tits McGee here doesn't have a lot of great qualities. I'm just saying that we do not train the same. That's not failure. And here's one of the participants in the two RIR group. I'm not going to say it. You know, you're thinking it. It's okay. That's two reps in reserve. Okay. So the fact that it's still favored training to failure in spite of what I showed you means that it's far more important than most people realize. So let me walk you through how I've changed my training. And now how I approach every set of every single exercise with a little game I like to call Fuck my life. As you progress towards failure in a set, you naturally just change the tempo of an exercise. Everybody does it. And I'm not talking about the slowing of the concentric part of the movement. That's actually a good thing in a better predictor to how many reps you have in reserve. Not that. It's the thing we all do when we try to force out a few more reps by pausing at the top or the bottom of the movement. Like when you're curling and you take a second breath, dry hump another rep, or when you're at the top of a squat, breathing out of your ass, crossing your nuts. Hoping you have one more rep so you don't get stuck in the machine. And I'm not saying it's the worst thing in the world. At least you're pushing yourself harder than most. But you're basically turning each set into a cluster set. And in my experience over the past few months, it's better to not do that. You grow more. So the way I set this up and the gamification of it all is that once I unwrapped the weight and start, if you pause at the bottom or the top, you suck. You have to stop, rack the weight, you suck at life, sets over. And the real last kicker is that every set is taken to complete failure, meaning that you can't do this with a freeweight squat. You need a leg press, hacksquat. I've done it with a smear that's a little bit iffy, but it works. Let me put it this way. If you end on the concentric, you're doing it wrong. The bar or sled speed should naturally slow to the point that you can't get any more. And you have to drop into the eccentric. And hopefully at that point you've already tested where the stops are on your save. And then you crawl out of the machine. That was a good set. And before you start any movement, make sure you set up the stops or find the bottom. So you don't crush yourself. And then you can feel the disappointment and crawl yourself out. The thing I noticed with my own training is I got complacent. And I would pause at the end of every single set and try to force out a few more reps because I thought that was intense. But once you start training like this, you realize that the contraction should naturally slow, even though you're trying to generate as much force as possible, can track that muscle, move that weight. It'll slow down and it will feel awful. And I'd argue you're going to grow more. I don't have the evidence to back it up yet. I only have my own anecdotal experience. Fine. Maybe we can all test it together. But don't you go dying on me now. I have a feeling a bunch of gym owners are going to tag me in stories with people stuck in machines. Oops. This brings up an important point. Recently, I've seen a lot of, I guess you call them science-based creators, but really, they're just a bunch of idiots overoptimizing the shit out of every single exercise. I don't know about you, but when I first saw these videos, I just assumed these were all make-a-wish kids. So that's why nobody was making fun of them. And they'd all just die in a few months. But I kept seeing them over and over. This brilliant one doesn't believe in the centric part of the movement. So when he's done contracting the weight up, he just lets it drop. If I saw this at my gym, I would stab him in the neck. The reason I bring this up is because their flawed view on what makes a good exercise is probably based on the fact that one, somebody must have shook the shit out of Mesobe and now they have some developmental disorder. And two, they value the ability to isolate a muscle over anything else. And probably followed by the external moment arm of the muscle during the movement. And then whether or not their mom pack their lunch, I don't know, these kids are idiots. And I used to think isolation was king as well when it came to hypertrophy, but it's not. There's definitely one thing I'd rank above. So let me walk you through my list because I think it might help you better program exercises going forward. The safety of an exercise doesn't really matter to me unless I'm injured, then it becomes very important. The resistance curve of an exercise is interesting because then you start targeting for regional hypertrophy in the distal and proxal ends, but still not that important. And next, I'd probably rank the mind muscle connection of an exercise which I know some people will be shocked on and disagree, but think about it this way. When you're doing rope extensions, you have a great mind muscle connection versus a close grip bench which is going to get you better result. So it's not that important, as long as you don't screw up the exercise. Then I'd factor in the range of motion of the exercise. In my opinion, a greater range of motion always better. Then it would probably be the internal and external moment arms of the movement followed by the ability to isolate the muscle, but most importantly, overall is the ability to overload the muscle because otherwise what the fuck are we doing? For example, I'm sure you've seen people do summer salt squats on the Smith machine and they're almost a perfect exercise. It takes the load off your spine, creates the longest possible knee moment arm and isolates the movement just to your quads. But the perfect amount of weight on here is right around the point that you get de-gloved and hopefully get circumcised for the second time. That's why given the option, I'd always opt for this belt squat variation instead because this has the same benefits of crazy knee moment arm, no loading your spine, isolated just your quads, but it's easy to overload unlike that other exercise. And most importantly, there's no dick danger. So what does that exactly look like when you're programming for different body parts? Here's an example. I used to love this lateral head variation where you lay on your side, control, squeeze up, isolating to just that side delt, but anybody who's ever done this before knows that eventually you work your way up to a whole 15 pounds and you get stuck there for the next 7 years. So while it's a great exercise in terms of isolation, it's incredibly hard to progress the weight. I mean, you can, but you end up screwing it up. It's all trapped and it's fucking mess. Instead, I'd rather opt for an exercise that allows me to incrementally increase the weight while still maintaining the lateral head as the primary target. So I'd always opt for a standing machine side lateral over an isolated exercise like that one. In my favorite variation right now is on this specific machine, but facing the opposite way. So don't freak out because most engineers that design these machines have no clue. So you kind of have to play with it to get the most out of it. It not only allows you to get a nice deep stretch and take it through a full range of motion, but also line up the segment of the delt you're trying to target because once you realize that the side delt is actually an incredibly small segment of your delt and we're trying to target the posterior fibers of the anterior head, then you'll start to grow. Which means you've got to change your form in the angle at which you pull, but you'll figure it out. So to me, choosing an exercise based on the fact that you can isolate compared to one that has similar, if not equal levels of being able to target that muscle, but also being able to overload, it's not even fair. Why would you ever do the, whatever the fuck that's called. Another example is I used to love to program those Tom Platt style of hack squats. Your toes are all the way low. You've taken hip flexion completely out of the equation, you're leaning back, but the issue is those quads are on an island. So once you fail, there's no secondary muscle to jump in and help you force out another rep. They're done. Yep. That's a tough. So if I had to put into a sentence, what I think makes the perfect, she's a crazy. Like exercise. Is an exercise that biases the target muscle, but is set up so the secondary muscles can take over just enough to help take that target muscle past the point of failure. Yeah. So the way I set up now is I only slightly walk my feet down to bias the quads. That means the adductors and glutes are going to be involved, which is what we want. Based upon how we set up the exercise in the knee moment arm, the quads are still going to be the primary tort producers, they're just going to suck at it towards the end of the exercise. That's where the secondary muscles come in and force you to push those quads past the point of failure. Hopefully that teaches you how to program better exercises going forward and with the fuck my life game, you start training even more intensely and get better result. Oh, and this is version two. So we're close. We're like weeks away. It's amazing how hard it was to find the perfect amount of squish so you had the support while you're doing the exercise, but it didn't tear up your traps and neck. I'll put a link into the description so you can sign up to get notified for that. Again, we're only a couple weeks away. Also, if you haven't signed up for the new strength and high-purchty program, link in the description. There's a garage version and a full gym version. They're all 20 bucks. Each of the programs comes with two where you can do it three days a week or you do it three on one off like I do. Yeah, I was a pain in the ass to make. But it's good.

=== FILE: I Wish I Knew THIS When I Started Working Out… [OTjjyfhNyTE].txt ===

I can't tell you how many times someone's told me. Every time I do chast my shoulders jump in. My traps get involved, every time I do shoulders. My foreskin is killing my chubgings. But if you do what I'm about to tell you before you train anybody part, I guarantee you'll never have a bad workout again. You know the ones where you're like, yeah, I didn't really connect like I normally do. You can absolutely control that. And as everything to do with what you do in the first five minutes of your workout. And it's unique to each body part. There's three steps to this. Step one, wake up and stabilize and I guarantee it's probably not the muscles you think. Step two, you got to recruit the fibers at their end range. And step three, holy hell, that's a lot of blood. And I recently made a video going over mobility issues. This isn't that. That's for the people that you take one look at them. And this is to reset any minor dysfunction you have and instantly develop that mind muscle connection. So you can successfully go kick your own ass. And like I said, it's different from most body parts. So let's run through each. Let's start with chest because that's one that plays a lot of people. They go to do a press and their delts end up tickling their fat little chubby faces. Your body wants to recruit the proper muscles to perform each lift because that's how the damn thing was designed. Your chest fibers are perfectly oriented to shorten in a way that's ideal for pushing something away from you. Your shoulders are not. They're only doing that because you screw things up either by neglecting certain muscles or sitting at your desk like an asshole every day or trying to suck your own dick when you get home every night. Get there. Get there. So all we need to do is wake up those stabilizers and for chest, it's your lower traps. So just grab a bench and a band like this and we're laying the bench and do banded wise. Start by retracting your scabs to ensure that it's your lower traps that are actually completed the movement, not those stupid fibers in your upper traps. Make sure you're supinating your palms as you contract up. Think about it this way. If someone was to walk by your bench to re-rack their weights or something and you wanted to brighten up their day by sticking your thumb up their ass, that's the position I want your hand to be in. You're gonna do two quick sets, 20 reps, just to start to fire it, get more connected to it. So when you need to engage it, pull those shoulders back and down, it's ready to go. Then we're flipping over onto step two, grabbing a moderate weight, doing four count reps and a four count isometric hold of the bottom. And you're not just sitting there, you're activating those fibers. You're engaged the entire time, just waiting to go. Like in high school, when you did one too many drugs to the point that your dick turned into a marshmallow, you still knew that if you timed it right and used that last remaining dick flex at the perfect moment, you could get that microwave to keep in there and smash it until something good happens. It's kinda like that. It's exactly like that. It is not like that at all. And this step is critical for two reasons. First, it's gonna retrain you on what muscles should be firing, so you can get that dealt to stop tickling your yourlobe. And second, it's gonna strengthen those fibers at the extreme end range, and further prevent you from injury because that's usually when injuries happen. Either when your muscles in a fully stretched position and you try to contract up or you're 17 and you try to shoulder press 100 pounds and drop it on your head and fucking die. Again, we're doing one quick set with a moderate amount of weight to actually challenge you while you're in that fully stretched position otherwise you're wasting your time for 10 reps. And we're on to step three, the easy part. Grab a weight that's gonna cause you to fail roughly around 30 reps and push someone's blood that chest that you don't have to think about to have a connection or not. It's pumped up and ready to party. That's it. In five minutes, your chest is ready to work and there's no chance you have a bad workout or that your wife tragically dies on you from choking on the mailman's dick. For shoulders and back, it's shockingly similar. What stabilizing muscles we need to activate, it's almost like they're the root of all your fucking problems. But we are gonna do different exercises for each of them because it's more beneficial depending on which body part you're about to train. Starting with shoulders, using that same band, your arms are gonna be relaxed in front of you, rotating around and back. And your thumb's still gonna be tracking in that I'm about to check somebody's oil direction. This movement is so good that I keep this band with me the entire workout because obviously the more you do this, the more you engage those low-trapped those rhomboids it promotes good form, but it's also a great rear-delta exercise. It encompasses two of the three functions of the rear-delta. External rotation, as you open those shoulders up and extension as you pull those shoulders back. Honestly, the next time you go to gym, I would just steal this because the gym practically owes you. You barely take anything off their overhead. When you wash your balls at home, when you sweat on a machine, you wipe it off with your shirt, you rarely ever shit in the gym, only when you're pre-workout betrays you, but even then it's not like you're dropping a spirit bomb and ruining their pipes. It's basically just like pee that comes out of your ass. Now that we fired up those muscles that are gonna engage and keep those traps down with two sets, we need to quickly warm those shoulders as well as increase internal and external rotation. And the only thing I could think the name this is the, I'm Ron Burgundy. You're gonna sit with your foot on the bench, that way you can drive your elbow into your knee. That's gonna engage your serratus anterior, which is essentially gonna lock that shoulder in place, allowing your humoral head to truly rotate. With lightweight, you're gonna exaggerate the external rotation of your shoulder through the contraction. Hold that top for a few seconds and try to push it even further. Then you're gonna work on your shoulders internal rotation during the negative, holding the bottom for a few seconds and trying to actually flex and force it even further down. And I know you wanna FB or on BH, but if your shoulder tips you've gone too far. It's a three second hold at both ends. It's a nice slow controlled movement. You're gonna do 10 reps on both sides, two sets. And then from there, step three, the easy part, pushing a ton of blood with 30 reps. Once that have been over rear side laterals, front raises all for 30 reps. And then you're fucking ready to go. FB. For back, I like to activate those lower traps, those wrong boards with straight arm pull downs. And yeah, you could do the same exact thing with pull ups, but I know my audience. Half of you could do it no problem. And the other half can't tug it more than three times before they go into AFIM. After two sets of those, we're gonna go into a nice slow controlled forecount with the isometric hold of the bottom and the top. Make sure your chest leads the way when you're fully contracted. And at the top, I want you to actually try to force that bar away to engage your serratus anterior. From there, it's easy. You shorten the range of motion to a set where you fail at 30 and then you're... I'm being ready. FB. FB. Now arms are tough to screw up. If you have a bad arm day, then there is definitely something wrong with you. In fact, that'd be a good way to see if somebody has a developmental disorder. If you can't get a good arm pump or eat a steak on without almost dying, then... You know. But if you are someone that goes to a tricep extension, you feel it all in your elbow, then you can do a quick band of distraction by laying on the ground, creating tension with that band, and then using that off-hand oppressed down with your palm and different positions to gap that elbow and give it some room to work. Legs are a little bit different, because if you're not careful, you could spend half the workout getting ready to do your workout. So I'm gonna give you two exercises that you can do no matter what you're training. Basically, anything from that serrises written as crack all the way down. First, I like to hop on the CD calf raise, because I don't care what I'm training, whether it's squat, stiff leg dead lifts. I'm gonna need ankle mobility. Once that with moderate weight for four, four, four, does wonders. Just make sure you're not sitting there resting at the bottom. You're actually actively driving that foot down and forcing the anterior tibialis to flex. From there, since we already took care of ankle mobility, we're gonna take them out of the equation completely by elevating those heels. Extending it out to a 10-count negative, 10-count hole, and a 10-count positive for 10 reps. Make sure when you drive up, you feel those muscles engage in stages. Those glutes pick you up off the bottom, and those hamstrings continue to take you further, and those quads finish the contraction off. After that, just do one set of 100, and you're good to go. Just fucking go. Just a little side. Everyone's while somebody will make a fake account, pretending they're me, and they say something like, hey, let's go chat on telegram. Just ask yourself this. Have I ever commented on anything? Then all of a sudden, one day, I just decide, you know what, I need to learn more about your dumb life. Let's go chat. Let me hear about how much your kids hate you and your wife hates your little pencil dick, and let's get to the point in the conversation where you get distracted and accidentally walk in front of a bus. Just so you know, I don't comment on anything. Although I will do an occasional heart just to piss somebody off. As always, make sure you subscribe, programs are linked below. If you want to stop sucking it live and get after it. And if you don't know, maybe you should subscribe, and then later we can get no other on telegram. Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck everybody. Fuck everybody. Fuck right here. Urs?

=== FILE: INSANE Growth From This Tricep Workout (Soreness Guaranteed!) [UiaCfIwD2QI].txt ===

So recently I noticed I wasn't getting that horrible debilitating soreness that I appreciate so much. So I started adding compound sets for every single body part and it definitely brought the pain back. So today we're doing that for tri-cept. So go over wide-chose certain exercises and the tweaks and variations I would make. So if you're ready to ruin your life, let's get after it. All right, we're hitting rope extensions first. Now I think this is a great go-to exercise. It starts off with because it's a little bit easier to grease up the elbows. But also the connection you have to those tri-cepts will be a lot in and narrowing that focus and just light those up is phenomenal. Now I can't stress this enough. But airing on the side of being too strict with the four my knees is the way to go. So I'm going to treat this like I got an arm blast or an injury in my elbows and then flexing down and back towards my body. I feel like I'm pulling towards myself. That's going to light those tri-cepts up even more. Then it's right through the dumbbell rack to do a standing French press. Now the focus on these is just hitting that long hit. So I'm going to drive those elbows in, push that stretch, and then shorten that range of motion so it's just that in this part of the contraction and then back down. So don't be afraid to use a little bit of weight on these. Now obviously don't just bounce off the back here neck. You still want to actually engage that tri-cept to move the weight. Not just bounce it up and down, but you can definitely adult on these. Alright so these next compounds that are a little bit different because they're worse. They really take whatever pride you have left and crush it because we're doing skull crushers which I like to do at a 45 degree angle, sometimes greater but I know that everybody's shoulders can handle that. So just do your best and we're taking these sets to F my life failure. And then you can reach back, put the weight on the ground, or just drop the weight like an asshole and then go right into dead skulls. So dead skulls are always a phenomenal exercise but they're also always a pain in the ass. Because that complete stop you really have to move a ton of weight or do a ton of reps. And it's hard to get to complete failure because you're basically pausing in between each rep. So nice part of what I do in the second half of that compound set is you're speeding up the process and really I just think of it as a continuation of that last set and really squeezing out whatever last bit of self confidence I have left. Alright so the last compound set simple because if you did it right you shouldn't have much left after those. So we're doing bend steps and then right into a close grip push up but we're going to hold on to dumbbells to really activate those triceps even more. Just to put note on those bend steps make sure you get that upper body involved really engage those triceps even more. So as you go down that negative lean forward as you come back up, lean back and almost feel like you're pulling yourself back instead of up. Now with a close grip push up some can take more of a neutral grip but if you feel too much stress on your shoulders even elbows just flare those dumbbells out a little bit but make sure you keep those elbows tucked in the entire time and as you drive up lean back. If you're still training at home here's a link to a dumbbell only try set video also another make sure you subscribe hit the notification bell and as always let me know what video you want next and get after get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: INTENSE Ab Workout ｜ 3 Exercises YOU NEED! [23JMheTZxOI].txt ===

So since in the last video, I went over some diets to get rid of that adorable little muffin top you got. This one we're going over some ab exercises that are going to tear them up because while they're simple to train, you probably don't hit them this hard. Let's get after it. So after this video, if you're not sitting there thinking, my abs haven't been this source since the last time I tried to suck my own ****. I didn't do my job because abs are one of those rare muscle groups that you don't need to dedicate an entire day to. You can easily piggyback them on any other training day because mostly what we talked about the last time, abs aren't made in the gym. They're made by keeping your chin up instead of the kitchen in the middle of the night. But also because if you're taking a minute or two minutes between each set, you're training them wrong. You need to bring that same. I'm going to hurt myself mentality from leg day to abs, but give yourself a time limit. I think that's why there's so many clickbait titles on YouTube for ab training that resemble the seven-minute abs from something about Mary because you shouldn't be in the gym training abs for an hour. Now I also think you shouldn't probably have a title that says melt fat or shed fat, but I'm just as guilty. I still haven't decided what I'm going to title this yet. It's either going to be that time I crunch so hard at back, paint or the ab workout that's so difficult that you're dad will finally be proud of you. So the first exercise is going to be a refresher for anybody who was in the 30-day program, which shouldn't be a problem because it seemed to be a lot of people's favorite. My favorite, I mean everybody hated me for it because instead of doing the typical three sets of 20 or whatever you do, you're going to pick a ridiculously high number that you've got to cross your nuts and hope you can reach and not stop until you get there. Specifically, I'm strapping into a pull-up bar doing hanging leg raises until I get to 50 reps, which brings me back to the benefits of training abs after you've worked at another body part because imagine doing this on back day. Not only is this going to torture ours, but you're going to get at least 60 seconds in a dead hang on those lats after you trained them. Since ab training can be so simplistic and you pair that with the fact that when you're absay they're done, they're done. There's no crank in another wrap. You're on your back, rolling around the floor, looking like an asshole, regretting the fact that you ever laughed at a lifelirt commercial. And because of those two things, I see a lot of people get complacent with their ab training. They forget all the amazing techniques they use on other body parts. So instead of doing traditional crunches until you're absay, not today, you can build in a mechanical drop. Starting with the hardest movement first, like sitting back at a 45 degree angle, holding that trunk in place and extending and flexing over top. And then once you fail, go right into regular sit-ups where you'll inevitably fail again. And then you could finish them off by looking just about as cool as the guy that shadow boxes in the mirror at the gym by doing crunches where there's barely any movement. You're just tilting back and forth, but by this point, you're so screwed. It doesn't matter. And if all else fails, we can bring the old Muhammad Ali at a gym to play where you don't count the reps until they start to hurt. And we can do that before we even start the movement by pre-existing with the static hold. Now, if you're like me and most people, just breathing and holding that static contraction is enough to tear you up. Now, if you have really strong abs or just insignificant legs, then you might want to do a little micro contraction or little partial reps as you're sitting there. And then once you fail on those, get into the full movement. So, if you haven't got a chance to check it out and you're crazy enough to do it, I'll link the program below. Also if you didn't check out last video, you're going to want to watch that because if you're paired with this video, then you will be a chubby mess no more. And most importantly, like subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: INTENSE Shoulder Workout (SETS & REPS!) [sjRYeN0JwlU].txt ===

Art him up with the crack and midnight hitting shoulders. That way you guys can start your day off right by kicking your own. So last time I mentioned that if you're not getting the result you want from your typical four sets of 12 or whatever seven, the great version of will work out. You're doing it's a good idea. Look at each individual set and find a different way to crank up the intensity. So today we're doing just that. We're going to go through a few different exercises and do a different variation of each set until something bad happens. And if you're sitting there thinking, I don't need somebody to hold my hand and tell me what you want each individual set. I get it. I don't really want to hold your hand either. But think of it like the buddy system and elementary school and head to go to the bathroom. Except I don't trust you to push yourself hard enough in the gym. Your teacher didn't trust you with your penis out in the world on your own. Which is pretty damn messed up if you think about it. I wonder why men are such creeps on dating apps. It's because we were taught at a young age that are extra so unpredictable that we have to have our best friend accompanying us to the bathroom. Just in case you got a talkist down like a hostage negotiator from Washington, our ball is in the drinking fountain. So we're starting off with side laterals, but there's going to be anything but typical because before we even start the movement, we're going to make sure you have a great connection that lateral head by starting off with a 60 second static hold. So keep a slight bend in that arm coming up right below parallel and then hang on for your life. All right for the first actual side lateral set, we're starting with parcels at the bottom. Now this is definitely one you can use some heavier weight with, but I want a two second hold the top that way, you know, go too heavy and you don't bounce up and now like an asshole. And for the next one, we're hitting them with a full range of motion, but we're going to slow down that negative to a three count and we're also doing 30 reps. So choose your weight wisely and then finishing off with a descending set and then a descending drop set. But the caveat is your form is going to change throughout so that ascending set, you're going to start up with that form nice and tight, elbow slightly bent and you're going to flex it up for 20 reps. But as you go up, your form's going to start to loosen up to the point when you get to your heaviest set, it's going to look like a wide grip upright round. Same applies for the descending drop set. So it's going to be a tough choice which one sucks more. I know it's a good one. I've only filmed one exercise. My shoulders are already smoked. Alright, next up we got three variations of one of my all time favorite shoulder exercises, bus drivers. I'm going to start out with a disgustingly slow 10 count on each side. So just strap in and watch the happiness slowly leave your body. Then we're doing a variation where that top hand is going to completely hold the weight by itself. Drop that bottom hand, flex that belt, make it stabilize, hold the weight of second, and then grab it back with that bottom hand, rotate and then screw the other side. Then we're taking a dumbbell and leaning forward for 15 reps and just to make sure they're completely screwed up, we're going to lean back for 15 more. You would think if I went through all the trouble with going to buy this new shirt, I would at least ironed or throw it in the dryer, but I obviously didn't. Alright, we're finishing up with three rotation movements to tear up those rud outs. We're doing all of my incline. So if you don't have one, I would suggest going to offer up and training for sexual favors. So for the first one, you're putting those elbows up like you would for our own press, but as you rotate back, you can make sure you pull the elbow up so you can finish the contraction off in that rear delts. And for the next one, you're dropping those hands down, tucking those elbows into your side and focusing on opening up those shoulders as you rotate back. And for the last one, we got a nice little W fly where we're holding the top for two seconds. So I know even if you don't do this exact workout, but you have that same mentality and attack every single set like it's a new exercise, you're going to have a kickass workout today. And remember, stop washing your balls on the drinking fountain. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, it's basically 20 videos that are just like this with 20 workouts that you probably won't survive. So if you haven't got a chance to check out these two videos next, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it and get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Increase Your Pull-Ups (The Ones That ACTUALLY Lead To GROWTH!!) [JxhMOqpipdE].txt ===

Alright, today's an important day because we're increasing the number of bulbs you can do, but there's a caveat because when I work with people on this, my goal is never just to up the number of traditional bulbs they can do in one go because to me, that's a wasted time. I don't know about you, but I just barely graduated seventh grade a long time ago. So that fear of the PE pull-up test is completely gone. What is important though is to increase your ability to do a very specific style pull-up. It's going to put some serious size on those lines. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So I've talked about this briefly in another video, but there really been a fit to somebody who could at least do a couple of bulbs. This one I'm going to go through a step-by-step process for anybody who's stuck in zero. The person can even hang from a pull-up bar without getting lightheaded and nauseous. So the first thing to note, this handle is going to be your new best friend for the foreseeable future. And this isn't because this style pull-ups is easiest to want to do because you can take this process and I'm going to show you and learn how to do 5, 10, 15, any style pull-up. That's not important. This is critical though. Is this variation of pull-ups in my opinion? Is the best possible one to engage and grow those lines? And there's a couple of reasons for that. First being that it's easier to keep the elbow in a fixed position, which is vital to keep those biceps highly equation. The second being it follows the natural arc of your lines, which isn't straight toward you. It's wrapping those elbows around your body. The second thing is you're going to need a couple of different resistance bands. Now just order whichever ones you like. I'll put a couple of links in the description of the ones that I would order, but don't worry, they're not going to be affiliate links because it's two in the morning and I'm too tired for that. More for your impatient like me, just go to your local sporting good store by the chin see once you can do this tomorrow and then order the good ones online. One thing I wouldn't do is use the band that's been broken in the past because I'm pretty much committed to the fact that one of my testicles is going to slingshot across the room during this workout. But the reason these are so important is not only the increase your ability gets stronger, pull up your heavy ass, they also show you the correct path to take during this movement, which is falling natural arc of those lats and the rhythm you should have in this, which is important when you're first learning to do pull-ups. So you can grab the band that allows you to do 15 to 20 reps in rhythm. We get to the point where you start pausing the top and bottom, doing nice controlled pull-ups, but that's when you can do them on a assisted. And then most pull-ups you have a spot for you to throw that V up handle and make sure when you do these, throw both feet in because last thing you want to do is have one really great lat and one disappointment. And there's a couple things you want to watch out for. First thing is during the negative part of that movement, never let the arm extend all the way up. If you did, you just disengage that lat and you have to pull your bicep into play to re-engage it, defeats the purpose. And you really know you're on the right track is as you driving up, you feel that chin drift away from the bar and it feels like you're trying to touch the handle to your lats. It really, it's you feel more like a pull over and less like a pull-up. So the people I've seen that have the quickest and most increase in reps are the ones I push to the extreme. So I'm going to suggest you do the same. So every time you go to the gym, do three sets of that resistance band that's 15 to 20 reps and then one set of negatives. And the negatives and where your body is really going to adapt to holding up your feet, fix up. And the way I do them is it's slow as possible and to complete failure. So you jump yourself up and if you can hold yourself 15 seconds there, that's fine. Eventually your lats are going to give in and you have to slowly fight it down and I mean complete failures. Where you need to jump up, it's a violent descent down then you're done. This resistance band gets too easy, just go to the next one. I know if you fall through on this in 30 days, you won't need a distance and you'll be able to do 10 reps easy. But not only that, you actually be able to slow it down and control it, hold the top and unless you're that kid who's getting ready for a 7th grade P pull-up test. And in that case, there's a different channel out there for you. You know the one. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video on next and get after you get grown. Tarty assume.

=== FILE: Is Your PEE Color KILLING Your Workouts & GAINS？ [peHYegwceRs].txt ===

You can tell a lot about a person by the color of their piss. So today I want to see if the color of your pee gives us any idea why your workout suck and you're not putting on muscle. Also, did you know that some people actually pee blue? It's a real thing. So woke up this morning after a pretty horrible leg death, I filmed for the course the night before, and my piss was dark yellow. The beautiful hints of ammonia throughout, but not to the rabbed of my elisis level, but dark. And I thought, this can't be great because I'm about to go train again. I'm obviously dehydrated. I'm sure my electrolytes are off. There's got to be way to optimize or at least prevent this. And I went down this crazy rabbet hole that led to this video. But before we get into that, let's go over something colors you might have peated at some point in your life. Transparent, which actually could be a bad thing. I'll explain why later. Slight yellow hue. Very hydrated. Good job. Dark yellow. Showing signs of dehydration. Me this morning. Dark brown orange. Possibly rabbed of my elisis. When your scale to muscle breaks down rapidly, and that time my wife tricked me into doing a half iron man. Paint? You ate beats. Red? I'm sorry. You're not going to make it. Green? You ate asparagus. Also great way to ruin everybody else's day by pissing in the gym bathroom. White, cloudy. You got a dirty dick and probably a UTI. Good job, I guess. So after weeding through all the research and bullshit, here's what I found. Because your first inclination might be to just overhydrate yourself. Drink, even if you're not thirsty, and make sure always pissing clear. But we've all heard that horror story of a woman in a bar that somebody bet that she couldn't drink a gallon of water in under an hour. Good news is she won the bet. That news is she died. But she won. More of the story, more isn't always better. Because you can still end up with an electrolyte in balance because you just diluted your levels with an excess amount of water. Now obviously, that's an extreme example. But it just goes to show that you don't want to be pissing out dark yellow. Just as much as you don't want to be pissing out clear all the time because they both have negative effects. Which led me to my aha moment of, I need to start focusing on sodium more. Fuck, this is true. I don't know about you, but I live in Arizona. I sweat like an asshole and I train to hurt myself. So I definitely need to increase my sodium intake. Here's the problem. Do a Google search and had an increase your sodium. What does it say? Drink a gatorade. Google, you fucked me again. Couldn't drink in a shitload of sugar just cause you to urinate more and lead to even more of an imbalance? Oh, here's a study that says it has a positive impact. Maybe I'm wrong. Let's see how intensive it is. 13 active men. What the fuck is active? You play tennis? Not very helpful. Then if I want 255 ultra marathon runners over a seven day period in 155 miles, sports drinks, diluted their sodium levels. So what the fuck? My conclusion, we're going to stop relying on bullshit sources like gatorade and give sodium the respect to deserves. The same attention you give your macro nutrients, your protein carbohydrates. We're going to do that for sodium. So I'm going to slowly increase mine and see how to fix performance. For me, that's going to be everything from ionized salt, and sea salt to adding salt tabs to my water. So what did we learn? Well, even though our colorful P is neat, it's really just a window that sheds light in the fact that we need to replenish our electrolytes if we want to get the most out of our workouts. If you ever got a chance to check out the full gym program or the garage one, I'll leave the link below 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, then we can all start peeing brown together. And you'd help with your diet. Watch this one. Also, now that my favorites, most points subscribe. Hit that notification bell. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Is Your Protein Powder Good For Building Muscle & Losing Fat？ [EG5YMRIAAN4].txt ===

Alright, today we're gonna figure out if that protein you're drinking is actually crap because it might not be your fault that you're bulging out that medium husky shirt, so let's get after it. Now this might become a knowledge for most people that watch this channel. You could quickly spin around a jug of protein and tell whether or not it's a good formula, or they're using graphics and colors to hide the fact that they're selling you five pounds of powder dog food, but that's not everybody because when I counted three and guess that half you buy your protein from Costco, a lot of people come and and said why is that a bad thing, so we have to go deeper. Also I realize that if you've been watching this channel for a while you know that I used to work with one of these supplement companies and I stopped and I never told you why. Probably should tell you why. Now the product was great, the company was good, it was none of that. I can only categorize it as cognitive dissonance, which is inconsistent beliefs. My least favorite thing is the scroll through Instagram and see some guy sitting there with whatever product he represents and some sort of caption underneath it says, it's the only product I take because you know that's bullshit. That's not how we take supplements. If it's a pre-workout we find one that makes it feel like the hair on our ears is growing ten times faster than it should and tell that starts to wear off and then we switch to a different brand with a different formula. And then we feel that in our plums for a while until that goes away and then we switch back. Protein powders are a little bit different. You find a flavor you like that you think you can drink forever until one day you wake up, take a sip and throw up in your mouth because your body's like that's enough. So you go in the hunt for a couple different flavors and you try everything except vanilla because fuck vanilla. And that's where the cognitive dissonance came from because I'm not loyal to a brand. I'm loyal to that tingley feeling and if you stop giving it to me, you can fuck off. And if your protein powder stirs tastes like shit because I'm used to it, I'm going to use a different one and you should too. So let's go over exactly what you should look for in your protein powder. All right, let's start with the basics. Now one gram of protein is roughly four calories and most companies try to make their scoop out to be about 25 grams of protein. So that means the cleanest possible scoop of protein should be right around 100 calories. But before you run out to yourself and make shop and try to find a protein powder that's only 100 calories per scoop. Don't do that. That's a rookie mistake. You're going to end up with an unflavered protein and unflavered protein is not lacking in flavor and has one. Ascle. You're going to give these companies a little bit of wiggle room to fit in their sweetener profile. Otherwise every time you move, you have to have that conversation with your wife about why you're not throwing away that unflavered protein that tastes like shit and you're never going to drink it, but fuck you. I'm not throwing it away. Now to the most important part, the actual ingredients, what that protein is made of and just like any nutrition label that first ingredient is critical because that's predominately what it's made of. So protein you're going to see one of three things. Why you concentrate, why isolate and why hydrosilate vegan proteins are going to either be a blend in isolate or fermented. And when it comes down to is quality and filtration, you have your Costco tier which is concentrate and you have your isolates and hydrosilates which people argue which ones more effective they're both fine. These ones not so much. Now they usually justify by putting in a blend and saying it's going to release slower, but why when I just get a better quality protein and slow down the absorption with fat. Now that doesn't mean these are perfect. You still have to flip them around and make sure they didn't add a bunch of extra calories for taste, but at least you're starting with more of a pure filtered protein. And instead of just adding more crap to what is already crap. Same thing applies to vegan protein. Find an isolate and if it tears up your stomach, fine one that's fermented. And just like always if you haven't checked out one of the 30 day programs, I'll leave a link below again 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple and if you have watched these yet, I watch those but most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell and get after to get growing. Talk to you soon. I got nothing else to do today. I'm going to go hide these around town like Easter eggs.

=== FILE: LEG WORKOUT For SERIOUS GROWTH (You Need To Do This!) [R2LFYvd0E2M].txt ===

Alright, today we're hitting legs again because why not? We're all sick individuals here and specifically I'm gonna give you some things to think about as you're training legs really connect with them even more, get more growth out of them. So don't you worry little buddy, I'm gonna get you out of those skinny jeans. I can't bring them up! So there's a lot of people who say that squats at the end I'll be offered a development. The little baby Jesus of Leg exercises but for me, I don't prescribe it to that religion. I think there's a lot better exercises you can do to really get more development out of your legs and not just me personally but most people watching this because most people are gonna have lower back issues, impingements or just your form is just and you don't really get the most out of squats because you'll see people the gym doing squats, they'll do it three or four sets, they walk away, acting like they killed it but you see them and they look like they're about to spit out their spine. I don't think you hit your legs there bud. For me, a better compound moment is when you can overload just as much but when you can also dictate what part of leg has to move the majority of that weight. So it's less about all the other muscles working you can judge to get the job done and more about narrowing in that focus for a specific group of muscles and making them work even harder. So today we're going to kick our own ass with walking lunges. So that number one, take up your new shoes, you're going to screw them up if you don't. So the reason I want to go over these is because obviously I said it's a phenomenal exercise but also I see a lot of people do these at the gym, they don't really put much thought into them, they kind of just go through the motions but if you're a little bit more methodical with how you do these, you're going to get even better results and for me the best way to do these are weighted and specifically using a barbell. Now because it's just a texture breathing I mean it's just that much harder on your body and you'll get much swing because with dumbbells if that's all you have and that's all you can do, fine use those but I would suggest you throw them up and do lunges that way because when you're hanging them down you can get a little movement to it and you actually lift yourself up and if fake weights your thing, use those. So if we're going to make this a quad down in a movement there's a couple things we're going to do to make that happen. First thing is we've got a shift that knee over the toe it's going to put more of a stretch on that quad. Next thing is you're going to lean that back slightly forward again that's going to put more tension on the quad but also it's going to inhibit your hamstrings ability to pull you off the bottom it's going to take that out of the equation and finally the most important thing is as you're driving through this you're not going to come all the way up it's three quarters the way up because you want constant tension it's better air on the side of being too low than too high because if you come all the way up you can rest a little bit we don't want that and then from there it's just going to do some deep dart place in your subconscious mind I would suggest some sort of childhood trauma and use that to get you through this pain. Let me take a quick second and thank Skillshare for sponsoring this video because after the last couple of ad reads I thought for sure they're going to be like nope we're not doing that again so it's nice to know that some big company still let the decision making executives drink on the job. The biggest hurdle I got to get over is you're going to say I heard it last time I know skills here on an ordinary community thousands of inspiring classes for curious and creative people you can learn new skill deep in a passion but here's the thing I know you took the merch class from Draftland but still yet no merch and here's the thing I did but that phrase with a great power comes great responsibility kept ringing in my head and at this point in my life I don't want to take any responsibility for my actions I just don't think it will be ready for me to have my horrible CD personality but more allies than assured and that's the cool thing about skills here all their classers designed for real life and all the circumstances that come with it and it's inspiring stuff for instance my favorite book of all time start with why by Simon Sending incredible book it's reason I developed the channel the way I did why I asked you what you want to see next and you say I just make it because of that book he's got a course on there it's all about influence and connected with people so if you ever want to make a YouTube channel I would watch that because it doesn't have to be about fitness there's a guy who makes a ton of money just traveling around different miniature golf courses no joke it's curated for learning there's no ads and they're constantly adding new premium classes so you can follow wherever your creativity takes you honestly I got lost in some ladies minimalist interior design class no business being in there pretty good and it's less than 10 bucks a month with annual subscription this is the cool action part the first thousand of my subscribers click the link in the description we'll get a two month free trial of their premium membership so you can explore your creativity yeah now if you're target in hamstrings and glutes you actually want to lunge as if you're as tall as that bullshit height you told everyone your tender matches because you really want to exaggerate your step that where your hamstring has to pull you up through the moment now with your back you guys want to keep it nice and straight but as you start to drive up you're going to lean back to pull that hamstring into it and then finish off in the glute and then just as important you're actually going to flip your toe over and drag it all the way up because that'll help you stay stable throughout the moment but also help you finish that contraction off by flexing the hamstring but also really contracting that glute leaning back flexing as hard as you can at the top and then going into that next step now if inner thigh thickness is one of your problems I'd actually step out of the 45 degree angle and then pull up from there it's going to pull more of those adductors into it and eventually kill that thigh gap another cool thing about what we just talked about with walking lunges a lot of those principles being on shift the focus and choose what muscle dominates the moment also applies to step ups which for some reason I don't see a lot of guys doing step ups I don't know why it's a great exercise might have something to do with those skinny jeans which brings me into another point have you seen guys where tights to the gym in the training legs? nobody wants to see that man or woman no woman just looks that goes the tights on that guy doesn't happen sorry who sells those who would sell you who would sell who would design those and sell those so the target quadz and glutes you're going to end up with a tallest step you have at the gym because before you even start the moment you want your quadness stretch position that way you can lean forward release stretch that glute knee for more and then drive up from there and before you do every single rep you re-engage it the same way leaning forward put that stress and then drive up so hopefully your gym has a smaller step up as well because that's what you need to do the hamstring glute version which I'm going to go over next I just didn't want you get too focused on the goofy pad that I'm doing step ups on because that's all we have and honestly I don't think this is a piece of equipment this is one of those things that moms buy for their little kids when they're rough housing that way little Timmy doesn't power bond the next door neighbor is hearty as he possibly can and break his neck so to make it more hamstring center we're going to step back nice and far and every rep make it sure that ham has to pull you off the bottom and then from there it's just rotating over top that hip and then finishing it off in the glute the knee chest and maybe let us go well you want to get to a van that one kicked me right in the end so I'll start filming some of those Q&As later this week I just thought there were a lot of those questions deserve more than one or two sentences they need a little more context could be a whole video but there was one that stood out there was nothing else but dot dot dot I don't like this guy's personality I don't blame you I wouldn't like me either so as always likes to subscribe to the notification bell make sure you leave a comment I read them all I just I can't get back to everybody it is just not so many people comment on these things get after you get growing I'll talk to you soon

=== FILE: LEG WORKOUT MISTAKES (Fix This And You'll GROW!) [3VXzHG6vCv8].txt ===

All right, so today we're going to the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to quad training. Now, there could be a plethora of potential reasons why those things aren't growing. You could be moving the weight, not flexing through contraction. Maybe you're taking a minification at the top of each rep and not getting enough time on our tension, not turning down the muscle enough, among other things. And all reality, all those things can be minimized if not negated completely by doing one simple thing. And that's stop half has been laid day. I feel like a mom get ready to have the instant of man up speech with her son. All right, Timmy, so you're dead right away with the stripper name, cinnamon. So that makes you the man of the house now. No, I know the world's on fire and unemployment is to the roof, but I'm going to need your heart close to the sugar of those people that lemonade stand because we got bills to pay. But it really is a great equalizer because I have seen people with horrible ankle and flexibility, awful form, subparginetics, and phenomenal legs. A good question to ask yourself to see if your intense is on point is, did my body physically fail me? Did you push those legs to the limit? Do so much trauma on them that you went down for another rep and your body just went nope and either got stuck or you had to perform that rep in such awful form just to get to the top or did you mentally quit? And that when we know what that looks like, hacks go out of, it's a good example for this. See a lot of people go down, come back up, tough rep, they get ready for another rep, breathe twice and then lock it in because they know it's going to be an awful rep or they're just going to fail and they're not willing to go that far. Are you a trained this guy who personified insane training intensity? I mean, he was by far the craziest person I've ever trained, which is saying a lot because over the years I've had some crazy people. One time I had this girl, first time we trained triceps, had an orgasm in a gym, no fucking joe. I definitely pride myself without heart I can push in the gym but the other Ryan I'm talking about was just a different level of off. I mean, as a set got progressively harder, he'd start to laugh and not just like a, uh, more like an evil cackle. So I don't expect you to get to that level of training intensity where you lose all empathy because I think psychopaths are born, not made, but you do have to let go of any fear you have whether it's a fear of getting hurt or even getting stuck in a leg press, you have to get out, rack all the weights and look like an idiot. It's worth it. Or more than likely you just never push yourself beyond what you thought was possible because that's the way I figured it out. One time I was younger, having a bad day, thinking, okay, I'm going to do some iron therapy here, went in there and just destroyed myself. One particular set just pushed past the point of that internal voice telling you, stop this is not safe, this isn't good, you're not going to feel great after this. And then once I got past that point, I realized that your brain is one self sabotaging kind of a bitch. Now before we go into what I would do if engaging those quads or an issue, let me take a second and think Roman for sponsoring this video because I don't about you. Sometimes I wake up, look in the mirror and go, what the ff? I go in the other room and look at my girlfriend, try to figure out why she stays when I look like this in the morning, either she's at just a heavy drink and I don't know about it, or she's got horrible decision making skills. Whether you've got acne, redness, dark spots, wrinkles, or maybe you're just like me and you smash your face and your CPAP machine every night. And if you don't have good skin care, you walk around looking like root off the rest of the day, good news is you're in luck. They got skin care that actually performs. And Roman makes it convenient to get your customized prescription skin care. Just grab your phone, your computer, complete a free online consultation and you hear back from a US licensed physician 24 hours. So you might be thinking why not just go the store, two problems. One is not prescription grade and two, you walk into a section that you know nothing about. So you're going to be looking over shoulders and trying to cheat off their purchases. And everwhere you're going to have to have that conversation, sorry, I'm not creeping on you. I have something my face, there's something wrong with my face. Why not just avoid that potential scenario completely and get a consultation with the actual doctor. If appropriate, then prescribe your custom blended treatment based on your skin type and your priorities. You receive your skin care treatment with three, two days shipping and there's unlimited follow-up through their doctor. So if you need to change anything or have any questions, it's that easy. And then again, with Roman, there's no commitment. You can cancel anytime. Go to getRoman.com slash Ryan and try to three months apply of nightly defense for just five bucks. Ready to chat with a doctor and your first order is five freaking dollars. That's getRoman.com slash Ryan. I'm going to leave you the variations. You can do on a couple of different exercises. You can do leg press, hacksquat. I'm going to do it on Smith. But really what it does is connect you with those quads and retrain you had to drive through your heels during the concentric part of the movement. It's a simple concept, but it's highly effective. And all you're going to do is as you drive that weight up, you're going to lean back in your heels, lift those toes off the floor. Three quarters the way up and then back down. Now as you're going back down, you're going to fight the urge to put that foot flat on the floor. You still want those toes off the ground just to hair. So you're just shifting that weight back forward and then keeping that tension on those quads. But as you drive back up, then you're really just leaning back, kicking those toes up, even higher, flexing those quads even more. You'll notice, even if you only do a couple sets of these every exercise you do after this, you're going to be more aware driving through that heel and getting more engagement of that quad. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Lat Exercises YOU'RE DOING WRONG! (Build A Wider, Thicker BACK) [ZvLb9rxsq7Y].txt ===

So I was watching this video a day and about 10 minutes in, I was like, get to the f***ing point. So in the spirit of that, we're hitting lats. It's not about your grip. It's not even about the range of motion. It's about keeping a fix elbow and following the natural contraction of those lats, how they arc around your body. But here's the thing. There's a ton of exercise. You're probably doing that if you take this principle and apply it to, your results are going through the groove. So if you're ready, let's get out. Alright, we're starting with wide grip pull mounts. Now if you want overall back development, then pull and straighten down elbows to the side. We'll get the job done. But we're focusing on last day. We want to overload and make them the primary mover. So to do that, we got to pull those elbows in. And the next question is, why not just use a T-bar handle. More closely, follows the natural arc, your lats. Put them in a stronger position. You could overload them even more. And I absolutely do. But I also want to show you that these suck too. So if you ever use the old school lat pull over machine, then you know the really good ones actually put your hands a little bit wider than your comfortable doing. And that's just to put your lats in the disadvantage, make them work harder. And not only that, you'll notice that the bottom of the motion, you're actually pulling in a little bit with those lats. And that's all we're doing with a wide grip pull down here is we're making that exact motion because most gyms are too cheap to buy the good shit. Alright, so we're doing a variation of cable rows. Just to illustrate the point when you start thinking outside the box and you're not afraid to look goofy during exercise, you're never going to have a problem engaging those lats again. So the way you're going to do this is by moving your body with the movement, following that natural arc of your lats, but also increasing the range of motion, specifically during the negative portion of the movement, you actually lean forward and stretch that lat even more. Again, keeping that same fixed angle with your elbow. And as you come back, arch your back up and finish that contraction off by flexing this hard as possible. One really important thing I forgot to mention is during the negative part of the movement, really drive those elbows in. That's going to flare those lats even more and create a better overall contraction as you come back. Next we're going over my take on pull ups and ways you can enhance the contraction, but before we do, I got a lot of flack last time I made a pull up video. And I'll give it to you. There were some funny comments. Let's count as pull ups. Zero. Zero. Point five. To those negative commenters, he did what I meant to say was, if you're here to learn the textbook version of a pull up, not the video for you. Your dream of being at the gym and having men and women crowd around you as you're knocking out perfect pull up after perfect pull up. They're throwing under where at you. They laminate your face on the wall. They give you a can metal at the end of it. Is it worthy idea to pursue? But for me, I gave up on that dream years ago. All I want now is big ass lats. So when it comes to targeting lats with pull ups, I'll actually take the bottom of the movement out of it completely because to get in a fully stretched position, you actually have to disengage those lats and then re-engage them to start the contraction again. And if you're following the natural arc of those lats, they can only contract so high and then from there to get any further up, they actually have to use his biceps. And for me, there's no reason to get those involved. And to make sure I'm getting an incredible stretching contraction of those lats, I'm going to take that same movement I did on CD cable rows and bring them over here. So during the negative portion of movement, I stretch into those lats as I come up, lean back and contract. And don't be surprised when you're doing these if it looks like you're driving more back than up because to get the most engagement of those lats, that's the path you have to take. As always, like subscribe with the notification bell, got another question for you. So I've been window shopping like crazy as I'm looking for this space for the gym. And the course is going to be built upon with the spaces like. So do you want a garage style gym or do you want more of a traditional style gym? Because personally, I would like to have a Smith squat, maybe a Hacks squat in there, but that's just me. It's based upon what you want. So leave in the comment and again, get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Light vs Heavy Weight For Building Muscle ｜ ONE CLEAR WINNER [thTHRATSNLU].txt ===

So since I'm late to the game making YouTube videos, sometimes I search in term, watch a few videos, and see if I can add to the conversation. After kicking my phone across the room a couple times yesterday I thought, better make this video. Let's get out to it. So the frustration came as I'm watching some of these videos. I realized about halfway through. I didn't think they knew what they believed. I'm not calling out anybody specifically because they all said the same thing. Just using his appointed reference because I try to put myself on the shoes of somebody who just started or me going back to when I first got to the gym was green. I just want a little bit of direction. Once you get me some direction, I got this. And all the videos ended with, it depends. Good luck. Thanks. D-C-D-C. When it comes to building muscle, there is no it depends. Lighter weight will always yield you better results. And I hate even use a term lighter weight because I think a lot of people will miss interpret that or even use it as an excuse to half-ass our workouts. If you're doing high reps that's correctly, those 15, 20, 30 reps should be excruciating. You should look back in the days when you did eight to 10 reps and be like, that was easy. And my thoughts on this got even more cemented during quarantine because for three or four weeks, I only had access to light dumbbells and bands. And I've had a few people comment and say, did you get bigger during quarantine? I think I did. And what I really think it is that the muscles that we're responding to heavier weight and lower reps just weren't. And it was actually me taking a mental break and going easy on myself because how much easier is it to get yourself amped up to do a heavy set of eight reps a squat compared to doing 20 or 30 reps? One of the main reasons I think everybody should train with lighter weight whether you're beginner or advanced. It's not only can you target the muscle you want to hit and where in that muscle you want to peak if you can traction out. But even more importantly, you can take out any supporting muscles you don't want it evolved. I love when I'm training somebody and watching just something like aerobic extensions. And you see them flex their traps and you ask them, you know, your traps ever get sore every time. But that was most supposed to happen. It's just necessary evil. No, in the pursuit of growth, you should always try to isolate and narrow down the focus to whatever muscle you're trying to hit. Even a compound lift like squat, you need to be very purposeful of how you set your feet. Angle of your toes, the tempo, the rhythm you take, depending on what part of the leg you're trying to hit. I know this isn't easy. I assume call it everybody did during quarantine. Reconnected with people I went to high school with. One guy actually trained years ago. And it's obvious that when we trained legs, he never recovered. His life went straight downhill from there. So risky had a take. So as always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video at next. Get after to get growing. Dr. Euse.

=== FILE: Lose Those LOVE HANDLES (FOREVER!!) [bR-Lg1uu4Yc].txt ===

All right, today we're going over how to get rid of those love handles so you can kiss that big beautiful muffin top that bulges out of your skin and jeans goodbye. So if you're ready. Let's get after it. So this video came about because I still get a ton of messages for people asking hey what's the best exercise to get rid of these love handles and why don't watch everybody else's content. I've seen some of the titles the ones like the best seven minute muffin top workout that will literally melt fat and make your junk threunches bigger. So safe to assume that there's a hefty bag full of bull-f*** being served and I hate to be the bear bad news as much as like to come up with a creative exercise as in workouts I can't reach between my cheeks and pull out an exercise that's gonna magically make you less of a juggling mess So I'm gonna break this video down into three parts first going over the most effective diets you can follow to trim that waistline I'll give you the pros and cons of each then I'll give you some tips and hacks you can use to make it easier not to screw up said diet and Finally go over the truth about training your beliefs are let's first start with the carps cycling Usually don't with the high medium and low carbohydrate day now the high day is hypercolarch You're getting about two to two and a half grams of carbohydrates per pound of body weight the medium day is basically maintenance calories about a half gram per pound of body weight And the low day is an I hate my life calorie deficit no carb day But anybody who's ever done this before knows you get the best results on the extreme ends So just having high and low carb days going from hypercolarch to hypos is gonna get you the best results All right pros and cons one of the benefits is you can program those high days around your most demanding body parts So your legs your back or you can use them to feel the workouts of your lagging body parts in attempt to bring them up Also, it's just an incredibly effective way to diet and for the cons It's hardest to have a stick to on the high carb days You can be gigantly like a school girl on the low carb days You can be tempted to go lay in the middle of the street you also have to give up junk food as a whole because there's really no place for garbage calories And it's like this and just a little aside the benefits you're gonna receive from those really high carb days and feeling your workouts You might not see for the first two weeks because your stomach will not be used to those carbohydrates You can spend half the workout blowing them out in the bathroom. All right next up We got intermittent fasting and this is one of my favorite diets for people that are roughly this big and Bigger because it's tough to screw up the most common way to do it is a 16-8 which is a 16-hour fast 8-hour window now That's really good towards the general population that start their day off by butt chugging a foreign calorie drink from Starbucks the better ways to do it are the warrior diet, which is a 20-hour fast for our window or Whatever's cooler than a warrior where you do a 23-hour fast and just one giant meal if you don't get a name it I will call it the mega-chode so some of the pros are like I said It's pretty hard to screw up, but also you can get away with eating some not so great things during your window like a whole F***ing low-fibred and still get results also You're gonna enjoy a consistent amount of energy throughout the day because you're not screwing with your blood sugar So you won't be sitting in the corner or looking like your jam and out by yourself and the biggest con is there's no way to get the amount of protein You need to put on muscle during your window and even if you could there's no way to utilize all that So the only thing you can hope for is to maintain your muscle mass while you're dropping body fat little side note Anytime I've done this myself or advise somebody else always have him push their eating window towards the end of the day And you get the same results and you're gonna be able to sleep at night if you try to push your eating window in the morning Good luck sleeping through those hunger pains and tears and last but not least because this is my go-to A keto style of diet now traditionally this is done where you have high fat moderate protein Basically no carbs the macro percentages work out to be something like 70% fat 25% protein and then 5% carbs because Those stupid trace carbs are everywhere But instead I found that if you focus less on trying to get yourself into cittosis and instead on just getting good Monocerated fats as your energy source you're gonna get better results and you definitely don't have to worry about me being biased because all diet suck Now the pros of this one are you're gonna feel more associated throughout the day because you have fat with every single meal Also you can program and cheat meals or in my case an entire cheat day and it makes it so it's a diet You can do in perpetuity and the cons are by the end of the week. You're gonna hit a wall hard by the time you get to that refeed meal You're definitely gonna need it also you're gonna have to learn how to train with your pent up hangar as your energy source because you really don't have much But fat and that's not the same as delicious carbs tip number one Which is the most important when it comes and losing those love handles is of those three diets Which one can you do without fail? Which one can you do consistently without falling off even if it yields you less results? Because it'll get you further in the long run and everybody's different. I know for me personally I can't do carbs cycling eventually I F*** it up I start justifying crazy things once you get a little carbs in my stomach Next thing I know I'm in the kitchen bottomless making rice crispy treats tip number two throw away all the junk in your house And if you're gonna sit there and say I can't my kids love gold fish crackers No shit all kids love gold fish crackers one of the best experiences I ever had was working with a single mom who had four kids who wanted to Entire family to start eating healthier, but more specifically one of the daughters was not gifted with the same genetics that everybody else got And she was a hundred pounds overweight. So I went over there with the 50 gallon trash can put it in the center of the kitchen I said alright, we're gonna throw away all your junk food and I said my profus it. I said don't worry It's not a waste if you throw it away. It was a waste when you bought it at first the kids were hesitant The first one to do it reached into the pantry. Grab some mac and cheese stirred their mom the entire time and slowly Softly put it in there, but by the end of it I had the mom jumping off the counter slam dunk and bagels in there because they all had fun with it But on top of that in empowered the girl who's suffering the most But it also opened up the conversation of you know what's really going on because at that level It's not just on having you know seconds and thirds more we're eating you get a whole buffet under your bed Which brings me the last tip get somebody to hold you accountable if you have a partner Just have that conversation to say hey. I want to clean up my act now because I want to cheat on you with a prettier person I'm just tired of looking like this or even better just tag me on Instagram I'll check the post and then I'll recheck in a month from now and if you're still a chubby mess I'll let you know and this with the question or the hot topic that everybody talks about should you actually train your obliques Depends if you're actually gonna fall through with a diet and get the results Then yeah, you actually see more definition you'll build those obliques up more, but if you're just a habitual failure of diets No, it's just gonna make your waist block here and your obliques are one of the easiest to train You can hit him in that transverse plan you could go side crunch you can grab a single handle and do a slight twist It's all gonna work because that's not the biggest issue the issue is your shit diet And I've said this before you can't out crunch a shit diet So if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program where everybody is just flooring themselves It's a pretty incredible group of sick individuals. I'll leave that link below and if you haven't seen these two videos Check those out next, but most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after it get growing talk to you soon

=== FILE: MOST EFFECTIVE Shoulder Workout ｜ 5 Exercises For MASSIVE DELTS [3kIByIw-ROU].txt ===

All right, today we're going to have some great shoulder exercises. And if your goal is to give those big round, bolder shoulders, then you're going to want to add these in. And if you don't, don't complain to me a month from now when you still look like a 12 year old in that tank top, I tried to help. Those of you guys who really know me know that I drove a bus for 30 years in my life. So an exercise like the bus drivers isn't even dear to my heart. But even though it's one of my favorites, I'm still constantly trying to improve it because with that one specifically, when people get tired, they start to drop those arms and try to use those biceps to rotate the weight. And the way we fix that is by locking ourselves into place on an incline, puts those delts in a mechanical disadvantage. But also makes it harder for any other supporting muscle groups to jump in unless you really screwed up. And if we increase the incline of that bench a little bit, we can use that same thought process for front races because we've all seen those people that use way too heavy at dumbbells. And they're just throwing it up. It's people in my favorite. I just sit behind them. Any install, just waiting for them to lose grip. Hopefully they jack the mirror some unexpected person. And you got options. If you want to hit dumbbells unilaterally, you can do that. You can do what I'm doing, which is a straight bar. That way I can decide if I want to hit the anterior dealt more by grabbing nice and close or if I want to try to push it more than that lateral head, my moving those hands wider and wider. And then from there, just figuring out what range of motion destroys that dealt the most. So if you want to know those people that has a hard time connecting with that side, dealt no matter what you do, what angle you take, the moment you start coming up, that trap locks up and says, nope, f*** you. This one's for you. The issue is if you haven't figured it out yet is that you relax position where that arms directly by your side isn't actually relaxed. That shoulder's so rolled forward that that trap isn't in perma flex no matter what you do. It's going to engage. Now obviously you're going to need somebody to go in there and break that up and it's on you to actually work and bring those shoulders back. But in the meantime, you can still hit those delts by working around that trap. And the way we do that is since we know your relaxed position pisses it off, we're going to lean slightly forward. That's going to cause that trap to disengage. And you're going to do what essentially looks like a wide grip upright row that you're pulling into your rear dealt. But as you get halfway up, you sit nice and tall and finish the contraction off into that lateral head. So you used to be a big fan of overhead presses when I was younger but it only takes one experience when you're driving up the weight continues to go up but your shoulder drops here is awful crack. Your pre-init's just a sharp echoing off whatever synthetic material they wrap the pads in the machine in but deep down in your heart, you know, it's not the case. And I'll still do them but in a very different way. I'll put tens on the straight bar and do them as slow and controlled as possible. And this is one of those rare occasions where I'll lock it all the way out. I'm trying to increase flexibility so opening up that chest, those shoulders but also when the arms locked out, that dealt with fully flex. And it is painful and disheartening to know that you got some lightweight on there and you're shaking like an ***hole. Let's finish off I go over one for rear adults because just like side delts those traps can jump in and ruin your life. And hopefully by this point you got back your access to cables but even if not just grab a band and it'll still tear them up. And what I want you to do is lock your elbow completely out so you have to think about it. That's not a factor. And then I want you to try a couple different angles because there's going to be one where it's just that rear delt there's no trap or anything else but it's probably not going to be what you expected. And for those of you who went through the 30-day program I'm proud of you while simultaneously questioning your judgment but if you haven't got a chance check it out. There's a link below. Also if you haven't got to watch these two videos and watch those next but most importantly make you subscribe hit the notification bell and get after it get growing. Dr. You soon.

=== FILE: MOST EFFICIENT ABS WORKOUT (TRY THIS!) [6V2tLGJTRzY].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over the most efficient way to train your apps because let's face it. Most of us love pizza more. And we know it's all diet. So even in times we fall off the wagon and eat like an A-hole, we still got a train him, otherwise you're going to run into issues with your posture. So let's make it efficient. Let's get after it. So if you're watching this video thinking, what's this? I thought you're going to release the program today. Don't freak out. It's live. It's just not in my nature to make a simple video stating the obvious. I always want people to walk away, learning a little, laughing a little. So that's what this is. This video is for the every man who's favorite past time is going out to overeat with their wife and then head and home and going out like similar wrestlers. Don't act like you've never done that before. I'm sure you've been on a date that you didn't think was going anywhere. So you decided, I'm going to stuff my face and then she invites you over. Oh, and when you get to her house, the first thing she does is take off her clothes. The first thing you think is, oh, that's neat. She likes to take her clothes off too before she takes a shit. And then you realize she wants to have sex with you. All right, as long as you count me barely moving and profusely sweating and cleansing my butt cheeks the entire time to find out dangerous farts of sex. I'm in. Where in the fuck was I going with that point? It's supposed to be an ab video. So the key to be a more efficient way through training is kicking your ass and the shortest amount of time possible. And to do that, we're going to list the help of giant sets because with abs, it's one of those body parts. We can't just shorten the rest period between the same exercise because you go from doing 20 reps to three. But if you're doing a giant set and you change the exercise, you can kind of delay falling off the cliff. So everything we're doing is on the decline bench and we're starting out with crunches. Nice part about these is you control the difficulty. You want to make it harder, you lean back more, create more of an angle. When making it easier, stay nice and tall. But the key is, as you want some extension and flexion with that, don't just sit there, crents forward, locked in place, holding the static contraction. That's like you hold back one of those dangerous farts. See, that's why it all comes around. Once you fail on those, drag your ass back to the top, take your couple deep breaths, and then we're going to lean right back and start working that transverse plane hitting those obliques. If you did those correctly, you should get to the point where you crashed down and you don't have much left. So what we're going to do is crunch forward, barely moving, and then just slightly lift those shoulders off. That was even harder to do. And then we're hopping to the other side, doing leg lifts. Congratulations. We've just created five minute abs because three rotations of that and you're done. You're done. So like I said, the new full gym programs live, the links in the description. So if you're ready to kick your ass, also if you need help with your diet, another one of my favorites, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. And get after a gig rolling, talk to you soon.

=== FILE: MOST EFFICIENT Workout For TRAPS (THIS WORKS!) [0FmuDyNKxSI].txt ===

Just when you thought I couldn't look like any more of an **** can always get worse. Alright, today we're going to the most efficient way to train your traps because if you're just on the end of shoulder day, probably means you suck your training shoulders and you feel a lot of the exercises in your traps anyway, so you figure why not. Or if you're doing two or three exercises on a back day, you're wasting a lot of precious time you could be using a bit of bigger wider back, so I'm going to show you to turn your warm-up sets for back into some ridiculous trap exercises. You ready? Let's get after it. So first things first, we had to go over the anatomy of the muscle because there's a lot of guys that look like those wrestling buddies, we used to power up on the shit out of his kids because they look great from the front, but once they turn to the side, they disappear. And that's because there's sole focus is on developing that upper trap, which is responsible for elevating the scapula, I.e. the guy at the gym that does heavy shrugs and makes loud noises. But they end up neglecting the middle, which is responsible for bringing the scapula closer to the midline or add action and lower, which compresses the scapula. But those true, the ones we can be the most efficient with and hit them without adding any additional exercises. And I can't stress this enough. Don't skip these because down the road, you're going to run into issues with your posture and even more important than that, you're going to look stupid. So let's start with that mid trap because we know that any movement you do where your hands are away from your body and you pull them towards you, you're going to get some engagement. Those scaps can be forced in and even if you wanted to screw it up, you couldn't. But we also know that unless you're a reckless asshole, you're going to do at least one more upset. So instead of just talking that up to a wasted set, we can break the movement down into two separate parts and really make you count. So to start it out, you're going to keep a slight bend of those elbows, pull those shoulders back and flex your traps. And you'll quickly find that this actually becomes a working set because even though it's a very short movement, it's incredibly taxing. And then from there, you finish off the row. Because those traps already engaged, it puts on us on the rest of your back to contract to wait up and that lightweight, you're warming up with is now kicking your ass. And it makes matters even worse as you roll back the contraction in those traps intensifies even more. And if you're good, you're probably only going to burn one warm-up set per exercise, but you're going to find there's a lot of movements on back day. They have the exact same path. So even though that CD cable rows of my favorite way to do this, I'm still going to do it on my warm-up set of line dumbbell rows or table rows or anything similar. But with that being said, if this is something that's underdeveloped on you, don't be afraid to throw into second set because even though we're doing this for traps, the rest of your back is going to hate you as well. So since we know that those lower traps compress any movement where our hands are above our heads and we're pulling straight down is a great candidate for that same style of warm-up set. Like a lap pulled down or a bent-assisted pull-up. Except pull-ups. Unless you're one of those Mick-a-Lobaltre men in your incredibly light and you can do 50 of them. You're going to go to do them 15 to 4. And I still work these in quite a bit, but that's because of my own self-hatred. Instead, I would do your regular set of pull-ups and then do these after or do a couple before and then go right into your set. And for upper traps, I find the best thing is to load up the bar and do nice slow controlled dead lifts. You should already inherently be a part of your back day. If they're not, you probably can't do dead lifts. If that's the case, I would do some direct work by grabbing a dumbbell and doing unilateral shrugs. That way you can only contract up but wrap that trap around your body, get a better contraction. And then you're doing a unilateral use. You can focus on each side and make sure you grow them evenly. Oh my God, shave your hand. And as for the reason I shave my hand, as my hair started to get thinner I thought, that's a fight. I only want to try to win. And the only thing I could relate it to is, when you're a young man, you go to the strip club. It is your goal to get a number. I don't know why it's just every young man's goal. And tell you actually do. You invite her to meet you at the mall and you realize, without the club lights and all the glitter, she's not a catch. Now, not only do you regret all the money you spend on lap dances, but you also regret buying her that fucking whetzless pretzel as well. Also, if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30 day garage program, I'll leave a link to that below. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you need more ideas for different trap exercises, here's a video. Also another one for back, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: MUSCLE BUILDING DIET Tips (Start Doing These TODAY!) [V59Gp_7poVg].txt ===

The most common DMs I get are from creepers. That's a close second. But usually it goes up like this. Name age weight and a heat-away look. And usually that comes down to the simple fact that you just can't be consistent on a diet. So today, when you're with some tips that will help anybody, now they start off with the right track, but make sure a week from now, the user doesn't happen where you start off really strong and then all of a sudden a week later, you're back to inhaling bagelvights. So if you're ready, let's get after it. First things first, you got to assess where you are. If your diet is unrecognizable and you'll see anything you stumble upon, like half your kids lunch, then making a dramatic change isn't the way to go. Over time, you're just going to self-savotage and end up exactly where you start in. A better method is just to tweak one or two things. And if you're really that bad, it's going to make a significant difference. Let me give you an example. One of my buddies reached out, Scott, one of my favorite humans in the world and said, hey, my diet's so bad. I don't even know where to start. What should I do? My first question was, how bad is it? And he's like, you don't really understand. It's bad. I was walking down the street the other day. So half-eaten candy bar. And I f***ing ate it. That's a pretty low place. This way you have to understand. We live in Arizona. It's 110 degrees out. Basically, it'll link with her. She's in a plastic diaper. If you're anywhere near the point, well, you'll eat unattended food or just random in it in my objects, then making a small change, like getting a protein shake between breakfast and lunch, one between lunch and dinner, or even just pulling the carbs up before bed, will make a world of difference. Next thing is, you go to search back in the deck in your favor. That looks like a couple of different things. First, you're going to get all the bad food at your house. Because I don't care who you are, how long you've been doing this for. Everybody loves bad food. I love about you, but peanut butter literally whispers to me. And there's going to be some parents that see this and say, hey, I can't do that. I've got kids, but they'll just tell you this. This might be the perfect time to start lined your kids. Just say, hey, little Timmy, I went to the store, I hate to break it to you. They were out of peanut butter. But you know what, you're going to learn to love those jelly sandwiches. Next thing is, have your food for the day prepared and with you. Never fails that on the day you forget it. Is the day you're stranded without it. And you can literally fill your stuff with her in your way. I also give you a clear gauge of whether you're doing a good job or not. If you eat all your food, good job. If you're in it, but Wendy's, you're a f***ing. And the last thing is, get really comfortable being that guy. Because you're going to go with your friends. You're going to try to get you into eating, drinking, best bet, have a conversation beforehand. Just say, hey, I'm going to be really boring. I'm going to start to be a bad friend. Hope you're cool with that. Because if you're not careful, you don't have the conversation first. You don't get them on board, even your spouse can turn on you. Finally, the most important factor for me to make sure somebody gets continual success on their diet. It's kids on a cheat window or even an entire cheat day. Because I'm going to make sure somebody falls off the program for sure. Give them a diet with no end in sight, no fun, and no chance or relax. Because anybody who's ever done a hard-core diet before knows after a while, you start to lose your mind. Now, you're going to get the same results. No, it's definitely going to be slower. But if you do it correctly, you're going to make progress. And most importantly, it's going to be sustainable. And that in all of this is the most important thing. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after a good grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: MUSCLE BUILDING Sets of 10 Reps (NO...REALLY!) [G9Lf4szZqRs].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over the extra sets I've been adding to every single exercise over the past week that's completely ruined me. And here's a crazy part. There's sets of 10. But probably not the way you think. Let's get after it. So if you've seen my videos in the past, you know I'm a high rep guy. I figure if you get in results from 10 reps, why not do 20 or 30? You probably grow more. You might even put a little hair on your junk. And it's all based upon the results I've seen in myself as well as others. But also this underlying theme that's always run my life, which is if you do it's hard, results come easy. And for me, every time I notice my trainers are lack intensity, it's because I'm doing straight sets of 10 or 12 reps. When I crank those reps back to 20 plus, the pain finds me because the mental battle that you have to go through to get yourself to do, say, four sets of 30 and leg press is immense. You're basically signing up to get repeatedly kicked in the dick. Cool story, bro. But where's this that a 10 fitted? It comes right after those high rep sets. So for instance, say you're doing side laterals. You just did three sets of 20. You've got that same weight used for that last of the 20. And you're going to do what I'm going to call it just for simplicity's sake. 10 for 10. So it's a 10 count positive, a 10 count negative for 10 reps. And here's the beautiful part. We as humans are phenomenal. Majority of Elmitsin your body literally comes from a dying star. We're basically walking miracles. But we're also a big dummy. Because your body's going to have a hard time differentiating between 10 reps so you would heavy weight and 10 reps to get this way. And I'd argue it's going to see more results from these 10 reps. There's a couple reasons I believe this. One being is that you're obviously increasing the time and attention. But not so obvious and I'll use a dumbbell in one arm shoulder, pressed Elistrate is that if you're using heavy weight and you have to have an incredibly advanced my muscle connection to make sure the muscle you want to be the prime mover actually is. Because if there's any weakness or any sort of structural issues or your form starts to break down, then muscle that's not supposed to be involved will be. It'll piss on your leg and claim that exercise. You can't even plead with your choice now. Please don't. You're embarrassing us. With this, you're able to focus in unless you want to get to work. And make sure it's actually doing most of the work. So the next question is what exercises can we do this with? Pretty much all of them. A weird exercise like the bus driver? Yep. What about some sort of split squad? Unfortunately yes. Sex and f***. But even deadless. So if you're a little skeptical about this, good. Try it out for yourself. If it doesn't make you a worse person, my meme about that is if you're not hogging the handicap stall because you need to handle some lower yourself down to take a sh***. Then you did it wrong because it works really well. If you liked this video and you haven't seen these two, you know, want to watch these next. But most importantly, make sure you subscribe. Hit that notification bell. Get after you get growing. Talk you soon.

=== FILE: Most UNDERRATED Dumbbell Exercises ｜ ADD THESE! [mXwvKBiUN4U].txt ===

All right, today we're going to the most unrated dumbbell exercises. And yeah, we're going to take some people off because the true thirds, let's get after it. All right, keyboard warriors get those knuckles warmed up because we're starting off with dumbbell flies. And I will gladly argue on the side of flies on this one because it's a phenomenal exercise. Yeah, if you do them the way I've seen some people show which is a gross exaggeration where you're almost perfectly straight. The entire time, it's a horrible exercise. But what kind of psychopath does flies with their arm perfectly straight? You don't do that in dumbbells. You don't do it when you're on cables. That's not a fly. That's like saying, don't do dead lifts because they're too dangerous. You got the potential to exaggerate the lock out, the momentum will carry backwards and you'll wind up with your head up your head. Also, who decided that danger should be a deterrent? It's dangerous to shave your balls, but it's worth it. You really want to go in a date and have to come up with a fictitious story on the spot to explain away why your junk looks like the map from Jamaji. You see the thing is, I was poor growing up. Oh, my parents couldn't afford to feed me was miracle grow. But if you can look past this or have some sort of weird infatuation with chia pets, I think we're going to make it. But there are things you can do to turn this already good exercise into a great one. First, air in the side of having more of a bend than the elbow than less. I rather feel more like a barrel press to you than a straight arm fly. Because all you're trying to do is let that demo slightly drift away to put more stress on that chest and put more onus on it to stabilize and contract it up. Second, play around with the angles. They go from everything from elbow position to height to the actual angle of the bench. Because everybody's going to have an angle that they connect with the most. Third, take the top out. There's no stress from gravity at that point and most people use it as an excuse to rest. And finally, in probably my favorite tip is utilize these in the middle or towards the end of your workout. Because you do these after you have a ton of blood in that chest, you will feel the most painful disgusting stretch. Oftentimes, I'll sit there and hold it for two seconds at the bottom. Make sure I'm really connected that chest. It's just tearing it up and then flex up from there. The connection is like nothing else. And if you're still worried about entering your shoulder after that heart to heart, let me give you the cold heart truth. Most people don't enjoy their shoulder by doing dumbbell flies or even in the gym. 95% of shoulder injuries either come while you sleep or while you're vigorously masturbating in the shower. That's the truth. All right, let's go over some underrated dumbbell leg exercises because everybody needs a little more leg development. Starting out with the reverse dumbbell lunge. When you think about that, you probably go down the same rabbit hole I do. You think reverse lunge, then you think 80s jazz-versized videos. And then, inevitably, you watch that one video where you rub your instructor far to the camera. But in actuality, these are a great exercise. And obviously, there's a caveat because regular reverse lunges are riddled with floss. So instead, we're going to take the hand on the same side of your working and you grab onto something. That way you can keep constant tension on that gluten hamstring. But also keep that off-lake off the ground the entire time. It's a horrible experience. I think most people make the mistake of comparing these to sumo deadloats, which they're not. You're never going to have heavy enough dumbbells to justify it. So instead, this is about really connecting with those glutes. And the way you do that is manipulating your form. A couple things to know here. First, this dumbbells are your new best friend. It's your counterweight. It's going to allow you really connect with those glutes. Second thing is, most of the moment comes from your hips. Try to keep your quads out of it. So mostly, you're going to hinge at those hips. And then finally, during the negative, you're going to dry back at a 45 degree angle and try to stretch those glutes as much as possible. Oh, last thing, if you do have access to a GM, make sure you go up to the mirror and do them in front of the benches just to make everybody else's life miserable. If you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program that will surely make you vomit, I'll leave a link below. But most importantly, watch these two videos next. If you haven't, and like, subscribe, hit that notification bell. Get after it, get growing. Doctoration.

=== FILE: Muscle Building Mistakes (STOP WASTING TIME!) [Y2D93EY1XvU].txt ===

All right, today we're going to the biggest mistakes I see people make when trying to put on muscle. Do one of these, you have less than optimal results. Do a combination of these. You're screwed. Let's get after it. I want to be a little bit more specific today because most people don't focus on the right macro when it comes to growth. They think carbohydrates are the secret. Somehow just if I have an eight cups of rice a day, think they're putting a muscle. No, just jumping. For me, protein is the end all be all. I actually try to limit carbohydrates as much as possible. Don't put them in pre-repost work out because I think the importance of that has been overstated. I think the real foundation comes from hitting your protein numbers consistently every day, whether it's a gram per pound or maybe for you, test, figure it out and then consistently hit it. So I know you can't have too much protein. I was a kid that would hear this information and think, okay, I'm going to set a world record. Try to get a thousand grams in a day and then turn my stomach inside out. Don't do that. We went to a new gym recently and before we started my girlfriend ran into the bathroom, she comes back her eyes with this big, she's completely pale and she goes, oh my god, that is the worst smell. I've ever slept my life. She's a walk back there. There was a girl there and I don't know if she was just too embarrassed to come out or she was in mourning for whatever just happened because when I walk back there, she ran out. Then three minutes later, we see her posing her ass in front of the mirror for Instagram followers. I just thought, man, if those followers could know what just came out of that ass unfollowed. The funny thing is we're working out next to her in her coachwalks up one of those brilliant bodybuilding coaches. Looks that her goes, maybe look pretty good. We need to double your protein. That poor girl, she's dead. There's no way her butt could survive that. Alright, let's go over some of the biggest mistakes I see people make in the gym. For me, unlocking somebody's growth potential has to do with developing that mind muscle connection. When I'm training somebody, I'm constantly tweaking their form, asking her to connect in with it, but really looking at their face and knowing that moment when their muscles is just killing them, one on the right track. I don't care if I show you an exercise or somebody else does online. If you try it, then you don't connect with it and then beginning, it's not for you. Just take three or four exercises, you really connect with it and start there. Eventually, you'll be able to connect with that muscle enough. Really know how to tweak your form in a way that you can do any exercise and instantly have that mind muscle connection. Another issue I see is with training intensity. It's not how much weight you can move. For me, I'm a huge proponent of pushing yourself to failure and beyond. I know everybody's not a huge fan of that. They get to necessarily grow, but every client I've ever used it on got results. And just from a common sense standpoint, you want your body to continue to evolve, grow and adapt, then just push it beyond what it wants to be pushed. And lastly, people aren't specific enough with their training. I have a lot of people reach out and say, hey, I train upper body three times a week, little body twice a week, then just smash all the muscle groups together and hope to get results. And I've done that. You develop a nice, well-rounded, smaller physique. You want to get bigger, you've got to get each muscle, the time and attention it needs to grow. All right, let's finish off with a touchy subject for some people getting blood work done. It would baffling when I get a new client in and they would say, you know, haven't felt like it made progress in the last 10 years. I feel like I'm a normal guy. I'm 45, angry, tired, I scream, cry, every S, P, C, A commercial. I just can't figure it out. Never thought I'd get blood work done. And that's the thing. If you don't know what's going to internally, you could be working to get some insurmountable odds. You can do everything else right. And if your hormones are off, you're going to make no progress whatsoever. It's always baffling to the conversation that people have are natural or not because to me, it's an aspect of way of looking at things. Unless you're a professional athlete, it's just about getting yourself healthy and back in a normal range. And I hate to break it to you. You're probably not making the Olympic curling team. And it's simple. You get your blood work done and you test everything. Every thyroid, testosterone, estrogen, panel, you can get. And if something's low, if I'm a doctor, you get treatment. If it's not low, you're good to go. You're going to make progress. But if it is low and you want to hide behind the fact that, you know, I want to stay natural. I'm going to stay natural. Naturally f***ed up. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video I'm going to do next. Get after a good grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Muscle Building Mistakes ALL Hardgainers Make (STOP MAKING THESE!) [pa45rg8PyZE].txt ===

Are you actually a hard gainer or are you just screwing up one of these three things? Let's find out a little game I like to call Just the tips First and foremost if you've been banging your head against the wall getting no results and you feel like you're not even a hard gainer You're whatever below that is just know that no one is ever completely screwed and if you fix the three mistakes I'm about to show you you're gonna get results and believe me. I get it I used to think I was cursed by the universe and I traced it all the way back to when I was a kid And I pinched off one measly cigar and he earned all and because of that I was destined to be small forever Here's the deal Everybody has the potential to completely transform their physique and yeah while it might be easier and quicker for some people Believe me when I say those people aren't blessed Yeah, many personal trainers that've ran into with a gift and metabolism that really have no idea how to actually help people They get stuck after they tell their clients to eat a healthy bowl of cereal in the morning and Switch their bread to whole wheat instead and as their clients progressively get chubby or in chubby or They have no idea what to do don't worry Pam most of that's muscle That fat will start melt and off in no time. Yep. You put on 30 pounds of muscle good job The truth is that the heart of the journey is the more you go learn about yourself and then Be able to turn around and help the palms of the world that other trainers have fucked up But first we got to fix the trifecta of things you're doing wrong. Let's start with the fact that more than likely your diet sucks All the dicks. I want you to think back to your high school football coach or maybe that old guy at the jam who constantly reminds you that He used to be as big as you when he was younger and I guarantee they fed you the same bullshit added you want to get big You got to eat big what a bullshit directionless analogy That's like saying you want to get laid you have to fuck things You know what happens when you eat big you take big shits because you end up taking on the persona of somebody who values quantity over quality A good example of how prevalent this lie is is go to your local gnc and talk to the guy behind the counter Who takes his job way too seriously the senior Nutrition and health advisors cheap dickhead. I don't know what their titles actually are and say hey I want to put on more muscle what should I take and these gonna promptly send you over the weight gain or section Which melese the wrong approach, but Once you start reading the ingredients you'll quickly realize that you're better off known a couple big max in a blender and chugging that down Say no, if you're watching this video and you happen to be over four bills Please do me a favor go to gnc and talk to the guy behind the counter and say hey I want to pack up more mass what should I take and Watch him nervous and try to figure out what to sell you I guarantee you either leave with flinstone vitamins or Some new genics when it comes to your diet make sure choosing quality over quantity and also make sure that getting all your protein in is your number one priority No longer you're gonna have snacks like a handful of nuts or an apple with peanut butter Unless you want to continue to look like you're a six year old so that means getting an adequate amount of protein with every single meal So if you need those nuts pair with a protein chick and even if you're one of those lucky bastards who are extremely lean, but a size small I would still apply the principle of highest in best what's the highest quality protein? I can eat or the best source of carbs that I can have and what are the healthiest fats? I can add to my diet most of the time That's not the case though because true act of morphs are pretty few and far between most of us are some weird Fish baby hybrid and we have the muscularity of an act of morph, but we can put on fat real easy like an end of morph all of the bad None of the good so all that means is you're gonna have to be even more meticulous with your diet There's times you're gonna be in a calorie surplus and other times you're gonna run a deficit And you can do this on a daily or a weekly basis on a daily basis it looks like carb cycling on your Rufferdase legs are back you'll be in a surplus We're gonna deficit the rest of the time when you're doing it on a weekly basis you might take a whole week or even two weeks of being in calorie surplus And depending how much of a pregnancy you have for becoming a big fat mass You might take a week or even up to three weeks to diet off some of the excess fat the second thing is you're training itself And there's a very clear scale of hypertrophy and if you fall in the extreme ends of it You're not gonna get results. So at this end of the scale We have the person that stays at home and flexes in front of the mirror like a sociopath and Obviously they have a great connection to their muscle, but they're not really flexing against any resistance whatsoever So the results are gonna be dismal because they're at home flexing in the mirror Most likely bottomless and on this time we have the person that goes to the gym and goes as heavy as possible Zero-fox about what muscle they're connecting with their one goal is get to the bottom pin on every single machine because That unlock star world. This one has the opposite problem all the resistance in the world Zero connection the sweet spot and where you want to be is in the middle either airing on the side of having a better connection and focusing on higher volume or progressively overloading and moving more weight for me personally I prefer higher volume workouts and focusing on the connection because when you're a beginner or a hard gain of a shit form It gives you a very clear signal and whether or not you're doing it correctly because if that muscle you're trying to target is on fire You did a good job when you're progressively overloading you can easily mistake just moving weight for a successful set Lastly, and one of the biggest things that holds hard gainers back is a lack of consistency When you're not seeing results right away Make it's frustrating and then you end up missing a day at the gym here and there you skip a meal and then you change a program after a week because It's not getting results working out as a grind with very few wins You're constantly kicking your own ass in the gym pushing yourself to failure and rarely do you even see the slightest sign of progress unless You hold your breath flex as hard as you can You almost pass out you might see a new vein pop up but for the most part It's judged over long periods of time but that only happens when you're consistent and life's gonna test you It's gonna match you with somebody on bumble and tempt you to skip the gym and try to put your p to the V but Just know that that's life's way of checking how committed you are to reach your goals And it's also gonna come from the people we're closest to I'm gonna say why you spend so much time on this frivolous goal You're wasting your life and one day we might look back and realize they were right But I have a feeling we're all gonna spend our lives on frivolous shit So it might as well be a goal it's gonna teach you discipline patience persistence and that way when one day You decide to shave your head and realize it looks like a giant testicle and kids run up and kicking the shins because they think you're gonna bomb a trossody At least you got a little muscle on you and if you need help kicking your ass and you haven't checked out the 30-day garage program It's 30 days 20 videos 20 bucks pretty damn simple and if you need specific help with your diet I watch this video next also another one of my favorites, but most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell Get after get growing talk to you soon

=== FILE: Muscle Gaining Mistakes (AVOID THESE or BE AVERAGE!!) [0SW_KxvTiV4].txt ===

All right, today we're going to get back into and dive even deeper into the commistics. They see people make when trying to put on muscle. So instead of just laying your head down at night praying to sweet little baby Jesus to put it in, turn your arms. Let's just identify the problems you can stop screwing it up. So it's easy. You ready? Let's get after it. So every time I meet with somebody, we're digging into the reasons why they're not getting the results. They want why they're not putting on muscle. It's usually a couple of different things, but more often than not, there's always some major flaw with their diet. And that comes in a couple of different forms. The first being that there is no structure. The person just goes throughout their day, trusty, healthy, make good decisions, but here we're in this. Think of all the dumb that you've justified in your life. All wait. I'm sure a couple of those things came with a tattoo as well. Don't worry me too. So it's easy to see how several times during the day you can easily justify having some bad food like when you have enough energy, you're feeling weak. Maybe you got a car below with an entire pizza before you work out. Or even worse, you're hiding under the guys that being intuition eater. In that case, just changing the interview to right now because you're. Who the hell puts away weight like the next comes in the form of person as an incredible structure, but horrible consistency. And I can't emphasize with this because anybody really takes this seriously. We'll tell you that that hour you spend in the gym is no more near as hard as this 23 hours outside of the gym. That's where the work is done. So to make it a little bit easier in yourself, all you do is strip away all the variables. So see you have a diet or meal plan. It gives you a bunch of different options. So you have a couple of things to breakfast, lunch, whatever it may be. Strip all that away and make it very clear that you only have one thing for each meal. Right? So say breakfast is a protein shake. That's all you can have lunch. If you can have lean protein source and then 30 grams of carbs, pick your protein source, pick your carbs source and don't change it. The next thing is always be prepared. Now the business owners may not know this, but every place I go consistently, I always hide a little Ziploc bag of protein. So if you're the gym you find one under treadmill, that was me. Or if you're at Safeway and you just grab the last box of golden grams, you find one there. Awesome. And the last one and probably the most frequent offender is the person who's not willing to sacrifice short-term happiness for their long-term goal. And I get it. Don't enjoy life. But if this is you, the only way you're going to make it change is when you decide one day that enough enough. You're sick and tired of being sick and tired and you do it's hard. You cancel Taco Tuesday. You tell your girlfriend a boy friend that we have to start eating healthy for dinner. And if not, I'm going to next you. While let's go a little bit deeper in the training intensity because it's rare you go to the gym. You see somebody pushing themselves so hard that you fear for their well-being. But cranking the tension and any exercise is simple. Just ask yourself this three times. So try to real extensions. How do I make that harder? Well, if I slow that negative, that's going to suck. How do I make that harder? Well, if I super set it with over an extension, that's really going to suck. How do I make that harder? Well, in that second super set, if I do a drop set three times, it's going to take me pretty close to death. Now you're on the right track because I'm trying to do his balance between creativity and being a little bit of a psychopath. That's a key to intensity. That's pretty messed up. Lastly, let's talk about training specifically for growth. Now I made a video while back on pull ups and some people got it. They understood the concept of shortening the range of motion. Finding out what they really connect with, what's going to get more engaged with those lats, can lead to more growth. Some people saw it, hated it. Wasn't a full range of motion. Thought none of those pullups counted. Thought it was complete bullshit. Now this is where you have to decide what's important to you because those goals conflict with each other and you can't have it both ways. If you're trying to belt the number of pullups you can do while maintaining perfect form, then you're trying to get how from how to strong as possible but that also means as liars possible. Now if you just want to grow then you really just have to focus on exercises that you really connect with. So I reach in your pocket, pull it any f*** you have left, leave them on the ground. Those perfect pullup people will pick those out. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Need BIGGER Triceps？ (WATCH THIS!) [btyLmeF38Qk].txt ===

All right, today we're blowing up those triceps. But before we do, a couple months ago I did a promo for rise. If you haven't seen an o-link to it here, but in the process of doing that, it became good friends with Nick, the CEO because he's a normal guy. It's got three kids, he's 31. He just wants to make a no bullshit kick ass supplement company. I got to appreciate that. So I call him up. What's the deal? What happened? Let's just say I shouldn't start the video this way. I agreed intense and selfish desire for something. Usually money, power, and food. Nick and I ended up having a long conversation in a while. I'm not the smartest human on earth. I'm not dumb. Now when you support rise, you also support this channel. And I think the thing you should be most excited about is I said, before I signed this deal and make it official, I want complete control of marketing. I want to be able to create whatever crazy ass ad pops in my head. Just wait. Hey, how much do you think would cost a modified one of those t-shirt guns? Should you big jugs of protein? Do we have the budgets running out of entire strip club? Yeah, hi. I was just checking to see how much jello you haven't stock. Is there any legal liability for snoring pre-workout on camera? Someone reached out after that last video and said, you made that comment about having one giant tricep and one that looks home schooled that hurt. That's me, minor, lopsided is how. What do I do? Your best bet's heading over the cables and doing something like this kickback variation because if you try to do some needle out of work on dumbbells, you could still screw it up and I don't trust you because a lot of times it's not just having one weaker on than the other, you could be taking that tricep through a different range of motion on a totally different path and creating just a completely different contraction on one side compared to the other. That's why these are so nice. You can really narrow down your focus and you need to put more emphasis on that lateral head by pruning that palm down, turning that shoulder in on the way down or focus on that long head by supernating and really trying to open up that shoulder on the way down. Here we catch yourself over in analyzing everything and trying to figure out what's the best possible exercise to program each time. For instance, you want to do a French press because it's got a great stretch, but that range of motion is too shallow or maybe I'll do school crushers because I have a great connection, but can't move as much weight. The best possible advice I can give you. Just do both. The person that works the hardest always wins. Whether you're going to do it with compound sets or in that exact scenario, you can make it one long disgusting set by sitting on the floor back to the bench, bridge those hips up for the school crushers pushing it to failure and without missing a beat, sit your happy ass on the floor and just keep going with a French press. Some of you might have saw the chest very used to these and thought if I make a few tweaks that would be a great way to hit triceps too. That's the case. Congratulations, your advanced. You at least deserve a bumper sticker that says my husband or wife is a gifted asshole. The only tweaks you need to make is bringing those hands as close as you comfortably can in without putting too much pressure on those wrists. And for me, I feel better connection by flaring those elbows out. It's basically the same movement as taking a straight bar and a cable press down, but not as ridiculous because with that, you can do the entire stack, a list of the ground. It's just, it's that, but less stupid. If you haven't checked out RISE yet, I'll leave a link in the description. Also be on the lookout for some of those ridiculous ads. If you need tips on training biceps as well, there's a video for that. Also just another one of my favorites in general. Make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Need MORE Muscle Mass？ (DON'T SKIP THIS!) [7BnrYKDlq50].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to have some principles you can add to pretty much any exercise and make it that much harder and in turn obviously get more growth because it's not good enough for the gym to have some AC you in think Man, that guy's definitely pushing himself and then they look back. Yep, definitely breathing hard. Instead, you're going to be to have them look at you and think Man, that guy's definitely pushing himself and then when they look back. Let me start up by saying there's still getting a lot of comments from people that probably don't want to turn on my content but have that same sentiment of why is this guy come up with so many weird exercises and Honestly, it's out of my control. This is what happens when you give a really analytical mind to somebody with the intelligence of a fifth grader. The only thing I'm good at is coming up with better ways to hurt myself and that's the goal of this video. Hopefully to bestow some of my idiot wisdom upon you because Once you realize it's not just a right and wrong way to do an exercise. There's a lot more gray area than people realize and you shift your mindset and think okay, how can I take this exercise Manipulating away is I connect to it better your results are going to skyrocket for instance taking the top of the movement on certain exercises can benefit you in a couple different ways One being you just can't rest squats are good example of this. I mean think about the worst squat set some horrible just Disgusting set you did. I'm sure you have a memory of it. You probably don't remember the actual set itself You probably remember just getting up locking those knees out leaning back trying to suck some area and try to get a couple more reps out You remember the rest and you can use that and make a deal with yourself and say okay if I lock my legs out That sets over and it completely changes the exercise think about that 100 reps squat challenge if that's the deal you made to yourself You wouldn't get there it'd be a game of last man standing Everybody'd fail just to what extent let me take a quick second I think Roman for sponsored this video because if I know you guys the way I think I do you messed up You got your wife a horrible gift for Christmas probably some piece of crap from KJU or just a little heart shaped thing Then you've been sleeping outside ever since that's where Roman comes in give you the chance to totally redeem yourself and give you why something that she might actually like Roman makes it easy to get help for serious men's health conditions like a rectal dysfunction These spent years building a digital platform that can connect to you to a doctor licensed your state All from the comfort your own home and it's really gonna help you because if you think you're gonna shove your Flacid joke inside of box and your wife's gonna be anything but disappointed You're certainly mistaken instead of giving your wife a gift looks like he's been melting in the window of your card In the dead of summer grab your phone or computer and complete a free online visit and you hear back from a US license physician within 24 hours If a doctor decides treatment right for you Romans pharmacy can ship your medication to you with free two-day shipping You also get free unlimited fall ups anytime you have questions, but you want to adjust your treatment plan With Roman there's no commitments and you can cancel any time So if you're struggling with ED go to get Roman dot com slash Ryan for free online visit and free two-day shipping Again, that's get Roman dot com slash Ryan for free online visit and free two-day shipping And then there's moments like a dumbbell fly or not only you're trying to inhibit your ability of rest But also limit how much of a secondary muscles can get involved because during that fly movement as you closer to the top of the contraction There's less force from gravity so there's less stress on that chest more in those anterior delts and those triceps to stabilize the weight So by taking out the top of the moment now you're making it more of a chest focused exercise But the not so obvious application of this is with rear delts because now you're back to fighting the earth's arrest on every single rep But now you've also cured the issue that pretty much everybody has on rear delts which is their traps ruin their life Because if you do these correctly, which is with those elbows locked out You no longer have to think okay, I'm going to make sure I don't come all the way up It'll stop you from being able to because that locked arm won't let you come into about 75 degrees If you're having a trap involvement before of that's an issue in the past This will be your new best only friend So I've talked in the past about the benefits really slowing down a moment obviously you can make a lighter weight Feel heavier really isolated into that muscle sitting the awfulness of the exercise But there are times when you want to do what I call grip it and rip it as long as your form is good You got a good connection that muscle by speeding it up. You're building move a little bit more weight The way I like to visualize it is think that I'm outpacing the lack to gas it because with those slower reps You're probably five reps in before your scream and make it weird noises with these You probably hit a ridiculously high rep set. It's just a different way to cause good damage But my favorite way of doing this is by taking a single exercise and implementing a slow and fast version back to back Which makes you feel like too completely different exercises So you're gonna start up by doing excruciatingly slow reps and once you fail or peel a little bit Then you're gonna speed it up and just by that momentum and tempo and the fact that you're just not doing the movement that slow It's gonna make it that much lighter you may able to get probably the same amount of reps sometimes even more So in Arizona we still have a lot of gyms open so I decided for leg day I'm taking a little field trip and try a different gym I haven't before because it was leg day I walked in I saw a hack squat and that inner voice said you're fucked But here's the thing that's not what got me Obviously it was an accumulation of things but the last exercise I did was lying leg curls But the last set I held the top of the movement for five seconds so hold that contraction the top for five seconds at the end of that set I tasted sadness sadness Oddly enough tastes like vomit so in the spirit of sadness We're doing exactly that using a lighter weight and home the top of the contraction for a longer than average period of time I'm using the five count because that's what ruined me earlier today and we're doing a one arm row because you can really take inventory and feel okay Am I contracting with that lat and can I stabilise and hold that weight with my backwards and my bicep jump in and does it go to sh So if you liked this video and you haven't got to watch these two yet You're gonna want to watch these next but most importantly make sure you subscribe hit that notification bell You can get after a get-grown Dr. Sue

=== FILE: No One Tells You About THIS! [l8-h61hJbXc].txt ===

When it comes to dieting and building muscle, there's things that no one tells you about that not only can make your journey easier and get you greater results, but most importantly, save you years of frustration. And trust me when I say, you don't wanna learn this stuff the hard way. How do I know? I'm gonna add this for 19 years. Ever since I was a little baby bitch, I had to drive an hour yesterday to get that thing because if you couldn't tell, it's a scrapbook that one of my ex's made me. So, goes without saying that I too was in an abusive relationship. I stand with Johnny to never f**k it by bed though. One thing I really wish I knew is that you don't need to be swimming in a calorie surplus to build muscle. So people that have dedicated their lives to the science behind building muscle, like Andy Galpin say, you only need to be an 10% calorie surplus to grow, which is roughly 200 extra calories, but in my experience, that's way more than you need. And I've definitely fallen into the trap of trying to eat big to get big and thinking, wow, I am making some serious progress. Whatever I'm doing must be working because even my bulge looks bigger. Not realizing I was a fat mess and I developed what the medical community defines as a food. And my experience, you don't even need to be in a surplus to put on muscle. Some of the best progress I've made, which I defined is putting on lean muscle mass without increasing your body fat, has been in a calorie deficit. And sure, you can blame it on being a more experienced lifter or being on HRT, but I've been able to replicate this with everybody I've worked with. The major thing it comes down to is how much protein you're taking in. When someone's on a calorie restricted diet and the majority of their calories are coming from protein, or pushing it towards that extreme end, they're gonna grow end of story. Also, if you're wondering why it looks like somebody robbed me, it's because I'm paying no attention to that. It's because my wife asked me to get something for her to float on in the pool and I'm an asshole. I think John C. Riley said it best. I don't get out of bed unless I have a heart on about something. And this thing, whoo! That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. If that doesn't give you a chubby, nothing will. Which brings me to another thing that people don't tell you about dieting is yeah, when you put on muscle, you burn more calories, but still you're always fucking hungry. You could be mining your own business supporting some lovely lady on only fans and then you start looking, oh wow, that kind of looks like a double double shift. Now obviously there's still a lot of work to be done like getting the previous owner should out of there, but it's gonna be glorious. Which brings me to the next thing that I wish I knew way back then, which is you're always better than you think you are. It never fails. You sit down with somebody, ask them about their goals and it turns out they're crazy. They look you straight in the face and then light of themselves. Telling you at most, they got five pounds to lose. The first thing that comes to mind is I hate you. But then you think back, remember, you thought the same exact way. You just if I having a bunch of carbs because you felt flat or you wake up in the morning and thought, well I am really watery today. You're not flat, you're small, you're not watery, you're fat. The moment you can come to terms with that, you're gonna start getting some real results. And everybody will try to help you and make you feel better and tell you the opposite. You don't need friends like that. Hey Siri. Uh-huh. Why am I so fat? You are perfect to me. Fucking liar. Here's the deal. I'm not your friend. Think of me as your fat camp counselor. Anytime you wanna justify eating something, you shouldn't be or you feel like, you know, I can't work out hard enough because I'm in a calorie deficit. Just know that if I was there, I'd grab you by the side and say, well, don't you feel up on this fucking muffin? And lastly, it's something that a lot of people never learn, which is it's not about the weight you move, it's your connection to it. That's why the first thing I'm gonna do when I get that space finished is put out a new program. So obviously comment below what you want that to be. I email a lot of people and I got some pretty good responses. This one's my favorite. I need you to unfuck yourself. You're fucking donkey. It's my kind of guy. If you haven't checked out the old programs, there are only 20 bucks, link below. Get after it. Nice tan asshole.

=== FILE: PERFECT DUMBBELL SHOULDER WORKOUT (You NEED To Try This!) [ov2MchWmeQk].txt ===

All right, it's a big day. We're taking lightweight, blowing up those shoulders. I'm gonna go over some things I've been adding in, recently that's made a big difference. And obviously you can tell by the outfit that it's gonna be a rough day, because I got the, I don't give a Kentucky f***s to have pants on. So let's get after it. Recently, I've been sorting every single shoulder day with some sort of rotation movement. Now, yeah, it has the added benefit of blowing up those rotator costs, but that's not the reason I do it. The primary reason I do it is because I want to push so much blood in those rear delts, blow those things up and take care of those first, because I know if I do, I'm gonna have a phenomenal shoulder day, because I'm sure you all have the experience where you're just killing your delts, right? You're going through your hit and anterior head, lateral head. You get to those rear delts, and then, huh? Nothing. No connection. They don't fire you feeling your trapping. I keep maybe in the little tricep the workout falls apart. So when I'm at the gym, it's simple. It just sit in the Cd cable row, grab that single hand attachment, and they just find that perfect angle works every time. But to do them here, a little bit more complicated because I'm still limited on equipment because most you jerks, but everything off a rogue.com. So all that's left are a few stickers, and a couple of bags of sand. What the hell am I doing stickers? And meanwhile, I've just teamed up and bought some new boobs, so I don't need any more bags of sand. So the way I set this up, it's similar to the way I would have just just trying to warm up those vertebra cows, but I have that bench on a slight incline. And also instead of just laying sideways in the bench, I tilt those shoulders towards the floor a little bit. So that way I know at the very top of the contraction, that arm is parallel to the ground, just make sure that the hardest part of the contraction is the top. And I'm also adjusting my hand position. So instead of coming up with that neutral grip, I supinate that wrist the entire time, and it's amazing to me the difference it makes. So coming up with that neutral grip, you have to have a couple of sets, rotate your cuff warm, but really not much else. When I supinate that hand, I'm able to contract it more and it's just blown out. Good luck. Let me take a quick second and thank you, Roma for sponsoring this video because the last time I talked about Roma, I had a lot of memories out and say thanks. I think it's because in times like these, it's hard to get help for common men's health conditions. When you can't even leave your home, and if you're dealing with a condition like erectile dysfunction, you want treatment ASAP. Now the message is from the wives, not as pleasant. Got a lot more what the heck do you sell my husband, he won't leave me alone. That got me thinking. This isn't just for married men, and before you sit there and say, I'm single, I'm stuck in home, what am I doing? Get there. Got to ask yourself this. How important is it to you have a training partner that never misses a workout? Now we'll say, bit of a print. My friends at Roma in spate years building a digital platform that can connect to you and a doctor, licensed in your state, all from the comfort of your own home. Just grab your phone, computer, and complete a free online visit. And you'll hear back from the US License position within 24 hours. If a doctor decides treatments right for you, Roma's pharmacy can ship your medication to you with free two-day shipping, plus you get free unlimited fallups or your doctor need to have questions or you want to adjust your treatment plan. With that being said, you're gonna have to really work on your proprioception because they're not the most coordinated training partners. Good news is though, you're gonna make a lot of new friends. Oh, hey, how's it going? With Roma, there's no commitments and you can cancel anytime. So if you're struggling with ED, go to getRomond.com slash-rine for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. Again, that's getRomond.com slash-rine for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. Does that make any sense? Do they wanna use a tripod? So a scroll through Instagram and I saw Dan Lin do in various cities and I thought, that looks pretty damn dangerous. I should try those. Because in the past, I never did those big sweeping motions of my arms because I always thought, shoulders gonna get impenge, it's gonna explode, fall off, and miss for deadhead game over. But I will tell you in the last month, I've been doing this consistently, no issues. What has happened though, is the pump is been incredible. Normally, it takes me a full workout to get that front-to-back fullness. Now, three sets of these. But there are tweaks we're gonna make to the exercise. First, it's gonna be a little less dynamic. So slowing down that negative, and second, we're actually gonna start the contraction of those rootouts. So making sure it fires in those rootouts and then we're wrapping it around nice, slow, controlled negative. One thing I've been doing recently, it's bringing back a very some side-laterals that used to do back a day that I love, where you print it those hands the entire time, where you do them seated. And instead of a lateral raise, you're coming up and actually pulling into that lateral head finishing, the contraction of, in that delt. Problem is, though, you can use this shit a little way. Even me, somebody who preaches my muscle connection, lightning up the weight, really focusing on the contraction, it's inevitable. I'm gonna go to heavy on these, because I'll see some douchebag at the gym, pressing a decent amount of weight, but acting the worst. So I feel like it's my obligation to cleanse them of as doucheonists, by borrowing this weight, doing side-laterals with it, and then returning said weight. The set didn't nothing for me. It was just a wasted time, but I know if I do them seated, my ego's gonna jump in, and that's gonna happen. So the way I've been doing this instead, is I'm a nice high-ingline, that way I can't get my entire body involved and throw the weight up. Really have to focus on that contraction, squeezing up the weight you're supposed to. And if you haven't done these side-laterals very since we're your slightly lean forward, this is a great one to try. And I wouldn't be surprised you've gone on the better connection that lateral head, because that slight tilt will take the anterior delt completely out of it. ATTENTI的話,望 anime theme hope's around. Now I'm going to be able to do the first final 2-3 years at a test, it pretty big. You can't believe you're going to do what so great, outcast you're gonna know if you've done up to the same way, I've got a few in the past. Jokes. Know what that is? That right there is an American dream. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next and get after get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: PERFECT Dumbbell Shoulder Workout (Get HUGE ROUND DELTS!) [5U_c-uPMf3E].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting shoulders and we're going all dumbbells. And it's not because I'm such a great human and I'm concerned with anybody still stuck at home with limited equipment because I'm not. I'm just being able to a lot more dumbbell work recently at a great connection to it. And really, it's helped around out those shoulders. So, if you're going to share that with you. So if you're ready, let's get after it. Now before we start, you really want to make sure that we're. I'm kidding. That's it. So usually when I do side that, I was only tweaks and changes. I make the form have to do the range of motion or how much of bend there is in the elbow. Sometimes the arm is perfectly straight. Sometimes there's a beer band, almost like a wide grip upright row. But recently I've been opening up those shoulders completely, turning those palms forward and doing them a way that I make people that really jacked up shoulders. Do them. So you're probably thinking that asshole finally heard of himself with all the weird exercises he does. Not yet. Maybe eventually. But really what it has to do with is I'm trying to pull that rear del into more of the exercises I do. So finishing off the contraction in that rear del because me and 99% of the gym population has some, but I wanted to look stupid. So really it's about firing that lateral head and as it comes up pulling and finishing off the contraction in that rear del. Now this next one might earn you some dirty looks from the trainer your local gym who has a four year degree, but earns eight bucks a session and still looks like hot garbage. But it works. So, fuck them. And this is a movement I did a lot when I was younger, but kind of just for a while, I forgot about for years until I started to try to pull more movements into those rear delts around those shoulders out and I used to call these around the world because apparently back then I was in to give a thing stupid name. So feel free to call it whatever you want. But all it is is a front raise where you pause at the top and then pull that dumbbell around to the back and squeeze that rear delt. It's a nice light movement. It's nice and slow and you can either go with your hand, pronated down or in a neutral grip, whatever you're more comfortable with. If you feel any impensement, just try to stop that hand a little bit sooner so don't come as high and then pull it around. If you still feel impensement, then your f*** do something else. One thing to note on those, as you're pulling around, make sure you don't keep those arm perfectly straight. If you just slightly bend those elbows, you have an easier time connecting with those rear delts. So that front raise on the initial part of the last movement is the only thing we're doing for anterior delts because I feel like myself and everybody else doesn't have underdevelop front delts. That's not the problem. What is the problem is that lateral head and that posterior head. So what we do is one more exercise for each because I don't know about you but worries me is if I don't hit those enough, they're just going to shrivel up and die. So to make sure those side delts are taken care of, we're going to lean against something overload and do partial reps at the initial part of the contraction and use a significant amount of weight. Then we're going to focus on the top of the contraction. I grab it onto something and create an nice angle with your body and this is lighter weight. And make sure you're not swinging around, you're controlling the movement. The bottom of the movement should be where that dumbbell naturally hangs. Don't let it come to your leg. Let it stop there where it naturally hangs and then slowly contract it up. So the best help I found from people having trouble connecting with those redelts is by laying them flat on the bench. Yeah, shortens the range of motion, but that's not the most helpful part. What it allows me to do is kind of take out all the extra noise over the movement and really focus on giving them verbal cues that allow them to disconnect those traps. Like telling them to elongate their neck during the movement that allow those traps to disengage and then they could focus on squeezing through and finding that range of motion and that path really connect to those redelts. Because I'm sure you've heard and seen some grunting loud, obnoxious human being at the gym doing the entire stack on a redelts line machine. And that should be your first red flag that they're f***ing up. The other thing I want you to watch out for is their shoulder height and their head position. If their shoulders are raised during the movement, those traps are already engaged. If their head is tilted back, same thing. They can't go through the entire movement without engaging those traps. So what I want you to do if you're doing this exercise, this next one, or if you're at the gym doing that actual rear dot fly, what I want you to focus on is retracting that chin into your neck and try to elongate that neck. Even if you want to, you can't screw this up. Here's a link to another one of my shoulder videos. Also another one of my favorites. Make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon. Tad a great connection. Got a lot of f***er you do it.

=== FILE: PERFECT Leg Workout (TIME TO GROW!) [0dfJEZHu7-I].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting legs with the garage style workout that you only need a bar balance and dumbbells to complete so you can easily do this at home. Also, at the end of this video, I got some information about the app. So don't F*** going anywhere. So one of the exercises I plan on doing today is a variation of squats and knowing that. I always like to prime the hamstring, push it ton of blood in there because it feels good. And the only thing I can relate that to is if you've ever blown up your biceps and had this crazy pump and then hit triceps, you're like, oh wow, I don't feel like I'm dying inside. I need to wrap it. My elbows don't sound like they're going to explode at any moment. That's because the antagonist bicep muscle is now jumped in like a boy's got trying to help a senior citizen across the street and assisted your old ass. But this is where we run into a problem because that works best when we can do a hamstring exercise that really mimics the way a bicep movement works. So one that's centered around the contraction of that hamstring, like a seated leg curl, versus something like a stiff leg where you're basically doing a weighted stretch and then contracting back up. And since we're in the garage gym and you're probably at home, that's not going to work. We got to get creative. Lucky for you, my wife drops me off here every day like adult day care and says, I can't come home to help hurt myself. What I found is if you set up like a single leg hip thrust and really focus on instead of just driving your hips up, you focus on contracted hamstring to drive your knee forward. It's going to give you the most painful, disgusting hamstring pump you've ever had. I guarantee you'll be the stored-emorrow walking and you'll fall back so fast that anybody who sees you's going to think is gone. All right, next up we got squats. Now I'm going to start a little light on this because I don't know how this can turn out because we're doing a mechanical drop. Starting out with a high bar squat, really quad dominant walk this feet nice and close. 20 reps and then we're going to roll that bar down. Feet go nice and wide. 20 more reps for the low bar squat. It's going to suck. And just because I know I got a few boy scouts that watch this channel like the ones I mentioned earlier and they getting anxiety when they search squat and outside the rack. Because they think I shouldn't show that even though it's obvious this is just for demonstration purposes. So I don't have to put the camera behind the rack. But just for those people so they don't lose their mind whatever you do don't squat outside of the rack. Do it. It doesn't even look that cool. All right, next up we're going to need some dumbbells because when I bring back a moment we talked about in the past and make it worse. Which was a stiff leg did lift that you let those dumbbells drift out in front, which obviously put more of a stretch in the hamstring, but gave you a better connection too because and ensure that hamstring had to work the entire time. But now we're going to stagger that stance and focus on one leg at a time. You're not only getting the benefit of being able to isolate your focus down in one hamstring, that's obvious, but also you can make the contraction even worse by string that leg during the stretch. And as you come up, you let that knee slightly drift forward, that way you can just stop that glute from jumping in whatsoever in the entire force, the contraction stays in that hamstring. So when all this went down, I didn't have any of this. It was just me and my wife in the backyard with this bench and a couple of dumbbells. And what in suit I can only describe as a mix between workout, domestic violence and moral combat. And I don't say that lightly because if you're trained with a woman, you know, their stamina is not a whole other level. Whether it's just based on their size or so compact that their circuitry systems more efficient or its hormones, whatever the case may be, she destroyed me. This particular exercise I'm about to show you, we did just like this as a finisher and after one set there was so much blood in my legs, I was just laying in the backyard sucking wind next to what appeared to be dinosaur shit. And she was already done with her set just waiting for me to go. You go ahead, I'm just I'm taking it all in. What we're doing is grabbing a dumbbell and going a lot of the over top of that bench with step ups and then making it worse, we have more tension that quad we lean forward. But also drop that back leg to increase the stretch and even worse in that, there's no number just going till you pass out and fall in the yard next to a pile of shit. One more for cast because I know if I didn't people would lose it. Now you wouldn't think this is work as well as it does. But it's because you're playing off those antagonist muscles and pushing the ton of blood into both, pretty soon you feel like you're moving in quicksand and it works phenomenal. So you're going to rock back on your heels, lift those toes up, flex that anterior tibialis, roll onto your calves, flex those calves, your gastroke and roll back and forth and just drive a ton of blood before you basically can't move. So about the out. You'll be happy to know that it's hot garbage. Apparently the people that are hard to develop it are smart enough to build a time machine go back in time and hard their six year old selves to build it because it was crap. But because I told you it's coming out soon and that's obviously not acceptable. I'm going to pull all night or that way by the time this video comes out. They'll be a link in the description to a program where I'll solely drip out five workouts a week for four weeks. A couple of things to note first being it's 1999. And that's simply because after I'm done printing off the previous code on the individual pieces of paper and forcefully to those prior developers, I'm going to take all this money and reinvest it into a ridiculously expensive team so this doesn't happen again. Second thing is in the first couple of the videos called action is to share the app. Obviously there's no apps. If you like the program, share that and oddly enough, over 200 of you creeps found the app and it wasn't even supposed to be live. So that's a whole other level of stalker. I'm just bringing some tear to my eye. And I'll set up a Facebook group so we can have a nice mega-chode community but give me at least 24 hours to approve everybody because it's just me, my wife and Lupita. I explain more about one of the first videos. So as always, get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: PERFECT MOBILITY - Fix THIS During Training (NOT STRETCHING!) ｜ THORACIC [sC91H2XLtJc].txt ===

There's millions of mobility and posture correcting videos on YouTube, but all of them are completely wrong. Even I made one and it's... Eh, it's good. But if I had to redo it today, I would make it completely different because one thing I've learned along the way is that stretching is the least important. Also, I feel like I look worse before and after. That sucks. I mean, think about it. Stretching isn't what turned you into the rolled shoulder, nerd, neck, imaginary, lat-sendrum dickhead that you are today. The way you trained got you here. Good job. I found that the key to increasing thoracic mobility, which will lead to better posture and subsequently lead to more muscle growth, is by programming exercises that increase the range of motion all your horizontal shoulder, adducting muscles, as well as your peck minor, most people neglect that bastard, and overloading this shit out of your horizontal shoulder, abducting muscles. You're up or back. Who wants a mustache ride? I think a key point to understand is that... We're not dealing with adaptive shortening, where you start to lose soakomiers in series. The muscle actually gets shorter. That's only been shown to animal models, or somebody who has had a limb immobilized for a long period of time, like if you were stuck in a cast. The reason you look like quasi-modu is actually due to increased neuromuscular tone and titan stiffness. That's why the previous video I made was all centered around P&F stretching, because it's been shown to reduce resting neural tone. Neural tone is just the baseline muscle activation maintained by the nervous system. By contracting a muscle at length, it allows you to relax, set muscle, and stretch even further. And while it works, it takes forever... to see any real noticeable changes to your posture. And that makes sense when you look into the research and find that there's very little evidence to support the fact that stretching alone can induce any sort of postural changes. We want the shit to go that way. Now, those studies were done using passive stretching, and P&F stretching doesn't really fall into the category. There's a contraction element, but we're still not targeting the antagonist muscle. It's the equivalent to jerking off with a conema, doesn't count. You're still a virgin, just a sad one. On the other hand, if we look at the research around strengthening the wheat muscles that are leading to poor posture and mobility, there is a substantial benefit. So we should probably... The big aha moment for me was when I realized that we need to take strengthening those weak antagonist muscles to the extreme. It's the only way we're going to counteract that shit posture you have throughout the rest of your day. First, we need to identify the problem areas. Now, we probably don't have to go to in depth on this, because I'm assuming you could guess what muscles are causing the problem. But, there is a study that compared the shoulder range of motion and strength in bodybuilders compared to non-bodybuilders, and found that bodybuilders had a stronger mid-traffesis by only 1.2%, and lower traffesis by 1%. Oh, my God! It's a pretty good indication that most people are piss-pour at targeting those regions of the trap. Other studies have also found a similar strength discrepancy between horizontal adduction and abduction in power lifters. And the no shit part of this is they were training the adducting muscles 2.5 times as much. So, that caused that. And I don't know about you, but I took a look at my back training and realized I was hitting my lats with several different exercises from different angles, and really only had one major upper back movement, and that's just not going to cut it. So, I have since changed a lot. Cool story, bro, but how do I fix my horrible posture and shit-thurassic mobility? Step 1, every chest they should have one exercise that is dedicated to biasing, which is not 100% possible, but attempting to bias the Pactoralist minor. This is important for several reasons. One being that a tight Pactoralist minor has been linked to decreased posterior tipping of the scapula, which leads to less subocromial space. And eventually, one of those roteric up muscles are going to scrape the top of the acromion, like a stripper leaving a shit stain on your shirt. But you had a great personality. As well as being linked to internal rotation, which is exactly what we're trying to fix. Recently, I've seen a lot of people doing this variation of dumbbell flies, where you start with a traditional form, and as you get into the stretch, you go into external rotation, which actually makes sense in terms of putting that Pactoralist minor at length, because they've looked at the best way to stretch your Pactoralist minor, and wouldn't you believe it? It's the stupid doorway stretch. So this position actually perfectly mimics that. But when you look at the line of action of the muscle, we should actually be contracting down at this angle. That's why I prefer the cable variation of these. It's a little less Mr. Potato Head. My shoulder's going to dislocate and fall on the floor, and more in line with how the muscle actually can track. And remember, this isn't a muscle we're trying to overload. It's one that's obviously weaker, but we're trying to take it through greater and greater ranges of motion. So I'll do sets of 15 sometimes 20, but usually 15. Step two, which actually is way more fun than step one. Step one's kind of a pain in the dick. Increase the range of motion on every single pressing movement you do. The way I do it is by using a cut-up foam pad like this on... Every single pressing movement I do. The idea being that it allows you to more easily retract your scabs around the pad, allowing you to go into a deeper stretch and having a greater range of motion. Now, a lot of you aren't even at this step, because your typical press goes down and stops at 90 degrees. So I would start up by getting that bar down to your chest. Once you're able to comfortably get that bar down to your chest, then I would work your way to dumbbells and slowly increase the stretch here. But I will say, even if you're somebody who's range of motion is just gone off on you. You feel like you don't need this thing, I still would probably use it. It actually frees up your scabs your lay and helps you pinch those shoulder blades together as you go into a deep stretch and prevents any fuckery from your shoulder like it tipping forward. I use this thing so much. I'm trying to get the people that make the ad matte that you've seen. I'm sure you've seen. Because this thing, it's just a dumb foam pad. Preferably it would be in the shape of half of a foam roller. The exact width of this bench and have the strap technology of this thing. If they can, I'll make a couple extra to sell if anybody wants to buy them. I need even if you don't, I don't give a shit. I'll give them to the homeless and they can use them as really shitty pillows. Step three, the most important part which most people don't do increase the volume and intensity you train those weak ass muscles that have slowly turned you into an injured turtle, the rhomboids, midtraps and low traps. What this looks like for me is that the first two exercises on my back day are high elbow roll variations. I do heavy sets of six and since the rhomboids and midtraps don't really give a shit about the rolling part of the movement, after I'm done with those sets, I increase the weight and go right into shrugs. And while face pulls are neat, I don't think they're an effective strategy to fix the dysfunction we've got ourselves into. In my opinion, the only way to do it is with progressive overload. It will help fix that strength of the pregnancy between the horizontal shoulder add doctors and abductor. So when it comes to lower traps, even when I'm doing a lat-focused movement, like V-bar pull downs, once I'm done with these working sets, I increase the weight and then go right into a reverse shrug. Here's a recap of the changes that I've made in my training to help increase thoracic mobility, as well as improved posture and really is that simple. It's not mobility work, it's not yoga, it's fixing the way you train. No way. And I'm currently working on a program that perfectly pairs training for strength and high-perchrophy, and it will be the lorious. So look out for that. In the meantime, if you haven't bought the most recent upper lorious split, there's a full gym and a garage, you should buy it. The increase of frequency and volume, you will grow.

=== FILE: PUSH PULL LEGS Program ｜ Between Two Plates [e_NlrVKj4xM].txt ===

Hey, I really love you in that gay cowboy movie. Are you sure? I'm pretty good feeling I've seen your butt home before. Welcome to Between Two Plates. I'm here with my special guest Ryan Hymniston to talk about his new People Program. Tell us about it. It's actually not how you pronounce my name or the PPL program. It's not short for people. It's an abbreviation for push pull leg. It's a style of work. Excuse me. Who does this guy think he is? Let me ask you this. Does this new program come with steroids or people expected to shut them up their ass and smuggle over the border on their own? It's pretty clear that anybody's ever watched your channel that you've made a living off a fart humor alone providing little to no value. So how ashamed is your mother? She's dead. Did she also die of excessive steroid use? Really? Pretty some of your comments. Here's one from Marco DTF Roberts that says, OMG. Your shoulders are so distracting just kidding kisses on those delts. Which brings me my next question, how big is your wife's penis? It's huge. Maybe we just start off on a bad flight. Can we talk about the program? Sure. Tell me about this program. How many DVDs does it come with? So DVDs. I mean, it's all, I mean, think of like virtual workouts. They're all online. There's like 24 videos. It's a three day on one day off split or you can even do it over 60 days if you're so how much are these virtual workouts? Well, that's a cool part of it. Make it accessible for everybody. It's only 20 bucks. Typical spam price. You know, why don't you get after it and grow a bigger mustache and sell me a reverse mortgage while you're at it. You f***. You know, this bullshit. Fuck your stupid plan. Hey, get out of here. You bullhead. Fuck. Even Tony Little throw a DVD in with the gazelle.

=== FILE: PUSH WORKOUT For SERIOUS GROWTH! (Chest, Shoulders, Triceps) [QJtmffaT4wc].txt ===

All right, today we're going over the most disgusting and rewarding push work out you've ever done. That's guaranteed to get your results. My name's put a little hair on that lower back. So let's not waste any time. Let's turn that toast to Streetall Body Vures into something great. Let's get after it. So as you can see, I got a lot of new shit. Now I'm not going to run through it today. If you want to make a separate video covering some of the stuff I got, happy to do that. But the reason for that is because the next program is going to be a full gym program. So I equipped this place with stuff that everybody has with their local gym. But I really wanted to highlight the fact that I met the most phenomenal, over couple that made all this possible. They start off doing one of the pieces out of the back of their van. And now they have this giant warehouse in California with every new or use piece of equipment you've ever seen. They even have people coming and set it up for you. It was an amazing experience. Unlike every single one I've had on offer up. No, I don't want to buy ains with us. No, you can't tickle my balls. Can you just tell me that lap pulled down and then spin around in circles for 10 minutes till you get dizzy enough to forget where the fuck I live? All right. So we're starting off with a little bit of cable work because the biggest issue I found with people training their chest is they don't connect with it. They go to press and they feel in their anterior delves, their triceps. They might get a little bit of tingling in those nipples, but that's about it. Now what we're doing specifically is pre-exhausting the muscle, which isn't a bad thing because it's going to keep you from pressing a stupid amount of weight and hurting yourself. I like to call it priming because really what we're doing is developing that connection and then going into the pressing moment. And then what we're going to do that is by doing in three separate angles. Starting with a low cable fly, bringing up half waist, squeezing across your body and then a high cable fly. But the biggest thing is keep the shoulders back and make sure flexing and contracting your chest, not just throwing the weight down like an asshole. So for pressing movement, we're going to set that bench up on a slight incline. And obviously you guessed it, it's not going to be just straight sets because for me, that's kind of insulting. It's like me telling you not to wipe your ass with cheap toilet paper because eventually it's going to fail you, tear and you're going to touch your own butt hole. And you'll never forget that feeling. Sure you just felt it didn't you. So instead we're going to do them as rest-possets, but not only that, we hold two seconds at the bottom and top of each rep. So at this point in the workout, after the pressure, we're going to do the same thing. So for the pressing movement, I love to bring back in a fly because there's so much blood in that chest that you can really fill in intense stretch. So whether you have a machine fly, you can tilt back and turn into more of a decline movement. Give a boast to ball, you can really open up and wrap yourself around or simply just hop on a bench and do dumbbell flies. But make sure you cut that range of motion down. So it's simply that chest and you don't have any wasted movement at the top. And to be sure this doesn't end well, let's turn it into a compound set with some pushups. And I'm going to really arch that back, lean back more of a decline pushup. It's going to be bad. Alright, so the next thing we got to do is make sure we hit every head of that dealt. The anterior dealt, lateral head, that posterior dealt. And we can't skip anterior adults just because you just did a bunch of pressing movements. Unless you're really fucked up in every chest movement, you just did. You felt in your front delts, then by all means skip them. So what we're going to do is grab three separate pairs of dumbbells, line them up and run through them like the coveted and delicious elementary school lunch line. So the first more doing is for anterior delts. It's a seated front raise where you push those dumbbells together the entire time and lean slightly forward. And this one's easily represented by that carton of chocolate milk used to get because if you fucked up opening that, it ruined your life. All you tasted was paper and tears. So same thing with this. If you lean too far forward, jumps in your lower back. If you screw up and tilt that head back, your traps engage. So make sure you really find that perfect form and keep it in those anterior delts. And the next one's that also delicious rectangle shape pizza because for some reason, the fact that was shaped like a rectangle made it taste better. And you took your time and you enjoyed it. We're doing the same thing here. Nice slow controlled side lateral still lish. And the last one looks a little odd, but I wouldn't be surprised if you don't have the best connection to these over anything else you do for your adults. And take whatever grip you connect with the most, whether it's pronated or supinated. And all I'm going to do is take that dumbbell and flex straight back. And yeah, it's a little messed up. Kind of like the way my lunch was because you would say we had apple pie every single day and you show up. It's just these seropi apples and cinnamon. There's no pie crust. I can't tell you how many times you got a detention for saying you bitch, where's my apple pie? So for triceps, I'm going to give you a little bit of freedom, much harder to regret doing because I know you're going to screw it up. But what I found works the best is testing what you connect with the most of that day and then just hammering it. Throwing your favorite attachment, do partial reps at the bottom top, take a step back, pull the weight towards you, push it away, turn your wrist out. Whatever hurts the most is what you're going to do. Do three four sets, push it to complete failure. And then either change the variation you're doing or change the attachment altogether. And it doesn't matter if the weight continually goes down. That's not what it's about. It's about pushing a ton of blood and you can easily get 10, 12 sets in under 15 minutes and it's the most painful pump you'll have all day. I'll be sure to leave the stats and reps in the description and I actually will have this time and a link to the wonderful people I got this stuff from if you want to check them out. Also, if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link in the description as well. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. It's a bros split that will ruin your life. You know, the notification bells a lot like you clitoris. A lot of you haven't found it yet. Don't think just because you subscribe, you did a good job. That's just the hood. There's a little bean underneath.

=== FILE: Pre-Workout Supplements & Caffeine... For The Win!! [KpLw4Ey1WWg].txt ===

So here's the thing. The reason I started drinking caffeine again, part circumstance, part performance. Let me show you. So I've gone years without taking caffeine. And it's hard to argue that on a day-to-day basis, you know, the better overall feeling when you're not artificial increasing your cortisol levels, you're adrenaline levels, but let's make something perfectly clear. It's not the worst thing you can do. It's not like I'm blown, I'm a ho-ho-ho, I certainly think like that. So since making YouTube my full-time gig my days, you can just take her on my rescue dogs, training myself, and then waiting around to night comes for the gym to completely empty out, which is usually right about now. So I usually film for two hours, go home and edit for three hours, because I want to get my videos out to everybody before they wake up and hit the gym. I end up getting about two hours of sleep at night. Now I do this for months, and after falling asleep at a few traffic lights, I was like, f**k this. Back on this demo that train. Choo-choo. Which brings me the more important reason performance. Now I'm sure you've all felt this before, where you don't want to go to the gym. You're talking yourself out of it every second of the day. You finally drag yourself there. You struggle through the entire workout. You're trying to talk yourself out of doing the hard stuff. You get it done. Pack yourself on the back. Check it off your list. And now compare that to a workout where you're just jacked up to be there. You know that when you walk into the gym, you're just gonna kick the shit in yourself. There really is no comparison. The result you're gonna get from that workout, compare to one where you're just kind of checking off a box, isn't even close. And that was the big tipping point for me and never have just an okay workout again. No matter how tired I was, I'll be able to come to the gym and kill it every single time. And it really is not hard to find a great pre workout. Just need enough caffeine to get your attention. Enough made of alanine and other magical pixie-dust ingredients. To get your skin crawling. You can literally fill the hair and ears growing. And you're so wired and jacked ready to work out. You can't wait to get there. So I know you ever get so hyped up. You start talking shit yourself with the gym. Get down with the setting. Like that was rough. And the other you pops in. I think that was f***ing bad. Wait till you see what's next. And growth really is that simple. Make sure nutrition is on point. Make sure you're getting some sleep. Obviously not in a lot in my case. And make sure when you're in the gym, you're hitting the muscles you're trying to target and pushing them to new extremes. Well, looks like I'm in the market for a new pre workout. Guess I'm gonna have to blow a couple brands up a f***er's ass. See which one's the strongest.

=== FILE: Protein Companies Are LYING TO YOU! [s1syVkM3uBs].txt ===

The protein companies are lying to you. And if you're not careful, this could be you. What's this? It's probably the scoop of protein you've been drinking. The only problem is only two-thirds of it is actually protein. What's the rest? Carb is fat, anti-clumping, thickening agents, and artificial sweeteners. How much do you think you're going to grow from that? Not at all. If anything, you're going to get a headache and probably your pants. I'll start out at the top. With the governing body that's supposed to protect us from a company selling us of jug of diabetes, but marketing is a high-protein low calorie. You better not drink too much. You're going to look like a milestone, negative cow, the FDA. The problem is the FDA is about as useless as that condom you've had in your wallet for the past five years. It looks like your dog chewed on it for half an hour, but you still keep it to show your next tender date that you're a keeper. In reality, you're hoping she's definitely allergic to latex. It says it right there on their website. We don't know shit about fuck. At the end of the day, it's not a big deal because supplement companies always have our back. They'll always do right by their customers. Except that one time. And there was that other time. And that's not even the biggest issue. Now, there are some companies that started out the way you hope all companies do with the goal of creating the best possible product using the highest quality ingredients. But you probably never heard of them because they've been drowned out by marketing companies disguised as supplement companies. They're pretty damn good. Remember this, Jim, just sprinkle a little on your food and you'll lose your appetite and lose weight. Turns out you're not hungry anymore because it feels like an alien's trying to fist your belly button from the inside. Now when it comes to protein companies, they make claims that aren't necessarily false, but these tricky bastards are good with their words. Have you heard of this one? Beef protein. 350% more concentrated than steak. Fuck you. Problem is when you look at the actual ingredient, hydrolyzed beef protein isolate. Turns out it's collagen. You're basically drinking raspberry flavored cow chode. Not only that, if you look at the PDC AAS, which is a method for evaluating the quality of a protein based upon the completeness of the amino acid profiles, well, as how well humans can adjust it. You're going to see the usual suspects at the top. You got egg whites, way casing, rice, pea blend, all have a high score of 1. Beef protein isolate. Zero. Maybe next year, bud. Here's what I'm sure you paid extra for at some point. Grass fed way. It sounds good, but pretty much all the nutritional benefit is carried through the fat content. The amino acid profile is virtually unchanged. So other than the fact that it's probably less of a dick to the cows, which is a good thing, there really is no nutritional benefit transferred over to your way isolate. Is that fucking George Washington? Look at this bastard. That's fucking ridiculous. Here's the deal. The amino what protein you buy, they're all going to be filled with the same three types of amino acids. You're not essential, conditionally essential, and essential. And the real ballsy bastards just blatantly highlight looseen because it is directly related to protein synthesis or muscle growth. And here's what we get to the biggest salana. Your body has a looseen threshold, meaning there's a specific concentration of looseen that's needed in your blood for protein synthesis to take place. Once you've reached it, there's no benefit in adding more. And it's pretty damn easy to reach with whole food alone. I know, shocking. You would think the only way that George Washington or this fucking gingerbread man was able to build muscle is with protein shakes. But the truth is, you don't need them. End of story. But what supplementment companies have been banking on for years is that most of us never figured it out. After a mom stop packing our lunch and third grade, we continue to leave the house every single day with jacks and our batman lunchbox. So every day we turn to protein shakes to save our ass. So let me walk you through exactly what to look for, that way you can blur your eyes and look past the muscular characters and see what's actually inside your shakes. So the first thing you want to do is make sure you're getting a high quality protein. Now high quality doesn't mean good source or even good for you. It just means it has all nine essential amino acids. And that's pretty easy to do unless you're buying some shit that some kid made in his bathtub. And regardless of whether it's a plan or animal source, they're all going to be processed using these three methods. Now I hate to be the bearer bad news, but all protein powder is processed. So if that's important to you, you're kind of screwed. But the least processed is concentrate. So you'll probably want to go with that. The only problem is it's usually only 60 to 80 percent of protein by weight, the rest, fat and carbs. Now if you find that after every time you drink a shake, you shit your pants, then you're going to step it up to isolates. We're virtually all carbohydrates and fat are taken out, leaving you with 90 percent of protein by weight. And the only step further is hydrocellits. And this one's a bit of a mix bad because they've definitely been shown to aid and recover even more than isolates do. But they taste so damn bitter that most companies screw them up by adding a bunch of sugar and other crap and completely defeating the purpose of why they created them in the first place. If you still find yourself with the supplements, door twiddling your balls because you don't know which protein to get, why not justify your purchase by weight. Like this isopyrion every scoop. There's 31 grams and each scoop has 25 grams of protein. So this entire jug is 80 percent protein. Next up we got muscle combat. Which already sounds like a marketing dick slap, but surprisingly still 71 percent protein by weight. But I guarantee all of them are going to beat the crap you're poisoning your grandma with. It's made up of 18 percent protein. But it does have 26 vitamins and minerals and only 24 grams of sugar. Good luck with that grandma. Now taste is definitely going to factor in, but it's not going to be the top of the list. I'm going to start off by figuring out the source I want and then find one with the least amount of extra calories. And then from there I'll go off a taste and then wrap up by finding one that's got to write it out picture of Donald Duck. And once you figure all this out and you work out still suck, I'd watch this video next or if you haven't checked out one of the programs I'll link them below again. They're all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple and as always, get after get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Protein Farts, Fingernails & Syphilis [rUv0XTENWgQ].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over seven signs that your fat loss or bulking diet is actually crap. And it is f***ing fascinating. Everybody gets geeked on the idea of biohacking, which is awesome, except it sucks. Because it never does much in terms of results, but your body is actually amazing and I'll tell you exactly what's going on internally. But it's also kind of depressing when you realize how many nutrient deficiencies you have. So let's game a fight. I'll tally up mine. You can't ears along the way, throw it in the comments in the one of the most. I'll send him a shirt if they're not in debt. And a week. Believe it or not, you could learn a lot from your fingernails. For instance, if you have these white spots, these white spots. It's your body's way of telling you that you're deficient and something, but probably not what you think. When I was a kid, I was told it's because I need a more calcium. So my mom bought me a shitload of you who's f***ing delicious, but wrong. It's actually a sign you're deficient and zinc, which is either due to stress, GI issues, but more often than not, you just went too hard in the paint during a cheat mail had too much sugar at one time. And your nails grow in a six month cycle, so you can actually pinpoint the week when you ate yourself into a coma. Or zinc deficiencies bad? I don't know, let's Google it. If not a dress can result in hair loss, eye skin lesions, delayed wound healing, and hypogonatism and impotence. You should be fine. Now, if you have little vertical ridges on your nail, shit, I got this one too. That either means you're lacking an iron, calcium, or a bigger issue, you're not getting enough protein in your diet. But at least you don't have horizontal lines. That's either a thyroid disease or syphilis. Understand, I'm giving you a great power here. So it's your responsibility to take this information and judge people harshly. Let me give you a couple more nutrient deficiencies that you should be on the lookout for. You ever seen somebody as cracks in the corner of their lips? I just assume that everybody had herpes. Turns out, they're deficient and B2. I need some good old r<|fr|>bleflavin. Those same people are probably gonna have cracked heels and bloodshot eyes. Another interesting one happens when you brush your teeth. If your gum is bleed, it might not be that you have ginger vitis. Could be that you just need a little more vitamin C. Now, what about those dreaded protein farts? I'm gonna be completely transparent with you. I don't like to use B-roll footage that other people shot or stock footage from one of those sites. So I was having trouble figuring out how I was gonna illustrate this, then it hit me. Took an old picture of one of my exes. But whole zoomed into 4,000%. So, Leyla, thank you for your service. Funny enough, more often than not, the protein isn't what's causing it. It's carbohydrates. The likely culprit is you're unknowingly ingesting fond maps, which are types of carbohydrates that pass all the way through to your large intestines where they're broken down by bacteria that lives in your colon. When you do this, they release hydrogen, causing gas, cramping bloating, sometimes horrible constipation, other times violent diarrhea. It's a real gamble. If you're sitting there thinking, I know protein farts are real. I've ruined people's day with them. I know me too, but it's still usually fond maps, especially if you're doing a lot of protein shakes. They actually had to put lactase in this 100% way because they knew there's enough lactose in here to ruin your life. But you're right. There are times where you pass something, you start whafting and getting hints of egg. Having an egg's in God knows how long. That's happening because your body's unable to process the amount of protein you're taking in. Normally it's supposed to get digested in your stomach and your small intestines, but now it's making its way all the way to your colon. And the only way to digest it is fermentation. Giving you a case of the ransom ass. That's your butthole crying out for help. So listen, start adding in digestive enzymes, pre probiotics to help your body digest the ungodly amount of protein you take in. I don't buy you, but I think I scored a solid five. Good news is, all of this can be fixed with supplementation. Is that simple? Which branch did you buy? I don't know. Go to Whole Foods, go down the supplement aisle and ask somebody that works there. They're pretty easy to identify. They're the ones that made their clothes at a hemp. And they smell like aluminum free deodorant and asshole. If you need help building some serious muscle, I'd watch this video next or I'll link some of the programs below again. They're all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. Make sure you like, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after to get grown. Dr. Seward.

=== FILE: REAR DELTS ｜ 3 Reasons Your Posterior Deltoids WILL NEVER GROW! [2KNTNXzmg10].txt ===

All right, today we're going to the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to Raredouts. And for me, this is an important one because over the years, a lot of people share their frustrations and trying to get them to grow. And they all kind of have the same story of, you know, the first couple reps of the workout, we'll get this incredible connection pump. And then about four reps in, mother. The biggest issue that everybody's going to have when trying to hit Raredouts is that the secondary muscles involved in most movements you're going to do are straight up honey badgers. And on top of that, they're stronger than your posterior delts. So given the opportunity, they're going to jump in and kill the entire movement. And that's how after doing that for years, you end up with ridiculously looking physique with no redelts and overdeveloped traps. So the way we combat that is by checking the ego at the door, not being afraid to make partial reps, the foundation of your routine. Because some days have come in and you all do full range of motion if I connect all the way through. But on most days, I don't. So what I'll do is I'll start with a partial rep in the initial part of the contraction and overloaded there. Or if that doesn't work, I'll lighten it up a little bit more, lean into it and then do partial reps at the top. Just whatever I connect with best on that day. The second thing is in pursuit of that incredible connection. You're going to commit to the fact that you're formed and some of the exercises you do might be unrecognizable to some people. Because for me, some of the best words are to exercise as I do. I'm going to mix between the PT exercise and just ungodly, awful form that are mashed together. But for me, there's an incredible connection and I know I'm going to get results, so it's worth looking like an asshole. And this is the point where some people will set up a cam inside the comments and say, that is incredibly unsafe. I would never do that. Here's the thing. One, your body will tell you exactly what it doesn't like an exercise. You're going to do it and you're shortly going to go, nope, not doing that. Don't do it. The second thing is, you don't have to do the exact exercise I do. What I'm saying is in challenge you need to do is step outside the box a little bit and try different angles because you'll be shocked at what you connect with. So, the last one is a simple one but it's incredibly important. And as to the position of your hand, because you have to go into the movement with your hand pronated, has a totally different feel than coming up in a neutral grip or even back at angle of the supinated grip, everybody's going to connect with those a little bit differently. So, you have to experiment and see what's best for you because it's not like you've got hooks for hands. Unless you've got hooks for hands, in that case, I fucked up. So, as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get grown. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: SHOULDER WORKOUT With Dumbbells + Sets⧸Reps (GUARANTEED GROWTH!) [7RIHGvPd6g0].txt ===

Alright, so today's gonna be a little bit different because obviously I'm in the gym and most people don't have access to a gym But I want to give you a little preview of what the course is gonna be like so run through workout and we're still since everybody's limited We're gonna do dumbbell workout only use lightweight hit some shoulders, so let's get after Alright, when start with side laterals, but the way we're gonna do these is partial reps and we're gonna go nice and slow We're gonna go thumbs up the entire time because now I'm doing one of the gates at lateral head But we're gonna start to warm up that posterior delt as well So we're gonna go slightly below parallel Slightly above but the key with this is I want you to focus on actually going back in an angle a little bit too So you're pinching those shoulder blades together squeezing back and up nice control movement Alright, so the way I'm structured today is I'm gonna do two exercise for that lateral head two for posterior delts And then one for that anterior delts just kind of finish it all off but next that we're gonna do a leaning side lateral now The key with this obviously if you don't have a mental health doesn't matter just leaning against the wall Walk this feet a little bit you're trying to create a little bit of an angle with your body just to put more pressure on where that delxly inserts More than the insertion point than higher up in the actual delt and with these I want you to focus on a nice low contraction But not going directly out to the side because usually what happens there's an anterior delt jumps in a little bit or you have more of a tendency Let it drift forward So really actually actively drive it back at an angle a little bit even if you get some of that posterior delt involved That's better than having that anterior delt jump in and take over the entire movement All right next ever doing rotation of the slight lean forward I'm gonna superset those with rear delt flies But we're stay towards the top of the movement doing parcels and a nice slow controlled rep The key with the rotations is obviously a slight lean forward, but really exaggerating the rotation the shoulder itself So as you come in touch those dumbbells together That's can really exaggerate the shoulders rounding and then as you come back make sure you feel like those elbows are glued your body If they drift too wide you're gonna pull in your traps You're gonna get everything else involved, but if you can keep those elbows tucked in the entire time You're gonna fill it jump all the way around. It's gonna run through your entire delt and finish the contraction off in those rear delts All right, so the key with those rear delt parcels is testing because a lot of times You'll do that neutral grip in a feel great sometimes you come in you have no connection whatsoever So for me today it was palms down and it was coming back into arcing motion So the key with this tests and see what feels best another big thing on these is there Are there you air on the side of a smaller partial rep than getting any sort of motion and movement involved whatsoever because a lot of times To see people do these and yeah, they have a ton of weight on them, but they're throwing up the motion They're getting their traps involved so I rather you stay more towards the top the entire time Very small range of motion, but a better connection that rear delt You All right, so we're finished up by hitting those anterior delts, but we're gonna get that entire shoulder involved because we're gonna do Arnale presses, but with these we're gonna do really slow systematically mechanically because we're not gonna do that traditional way of bringing up in front of you and And throwing up the weight we're gonna go 90 degrees slow rotation and keep it on the same plane the entire time and with things I want you to be really conscious about how much that risk controls the rotation of your shoulder So start of the movement you're gonna be staring at your wrist palm facing you and as you rotate I want you to exaggerate even more so instead that palm just facing forward try to turn out even just a little bit more That's gonna get that delton involved and really contract the entire delt not just your anterior delts as you're pressing and for these I rather you fail not getting that press not throwing that press up, but really making sure that you control that movement around and Keep it a 90-degree angle the entire time that's more important to me than the actual press itself All right, so I'm gonna put sets and reps in the description also I'm gonna put a link so you can put your email in there So when the course is ready quarantine gets lifted Let's start kicking ass so as always like subscribe to the notification bell leave a comment in the video me do next and get after get growing I'll talk to you soon you

=== FILE: SIMPLEST Way To LOSE FAT (EAT LIKE THIS!) [ExPL89lDjio].txt ===

Are you one grilled cheese away from heart attack? Good. Because this video's for you. I'm not sure the absolute simplest way to lose fat. I'd figure out the exact number of calories you should be taking in, how to track your progress, how to get your blood work done. So, you know, if your hormones are holding you back, and if you're gonna be cheaper about it, I'll save money and groceries. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So I know I'm making a video like this. I gotta take some liberties and paint with a pretty broad brush. So if you don't agree, probably in your little more advanced. That's the case. It definitely get value in some of the hormone stuff at the end, but just know that this video isn't for you. It's for the person who's never lost a significant amount of weight in their life, unless they had a bad batch of 2 AM, actually, convert. Because it's hard enough to get them to stop eating their kids snacks. So to have them use something like the Jackson Pollock at some point method to track progress or say, okay, how many pounds you wanna lose? That's X number of calories that spread there over your week. Take that from your BMR, did you times by your actual? You know your screw when you see them start to go cross-eyed and they get disinterested and they're head, they're thinking, fuck it, I'm going to talk about. So we have to make this simple. And to do that, need to pull out your phone. What'd you think I was gonna say? You can literally use an app to track your progress, log your food, keep you accountable, and it's all from a free stupid app. I can't ever say how amazing that is. And I was a kid, I had to download all my porn from Lymwire. And there were no previews. You just had to hope that the person that titled it, two girls in one cup was actually being honest. It wasn't two dudes. So head over to whatever app story you have, and download an app called My Fitness Pal. Don't freak out, it's free. They're gonna want you to upgrade, but you don't need that shit. Once you have it downloaded and logged in, just click on the more tab and then click on goals. It's gonna ask you your starting weight and your current weight. They should be the same unless you've lost a little bit of weight already, you want to pet yourself on the back, go for it. Then it's gonna ask you your goal weight, which could be 10, 15 pounds of fat loss, could be a hundred pounds. You could be a big, chubby mess and you need to lose half of your body mess. Whatever it is, put it in there. Then it's gonna ask you how many pounds a week you want to lose. I suggest putting this at two pounds a week. It's gonna give you pretty much the perfect calorie deficit and then it's gonna ask your activity level. I just put active networks. So next, you're gonna click on the tab that says calories, carbs, protein, and fat goals. First thing you're gonna notice is that it's a very sad calorie number, but don't worry. I'm gonna show you how to set up your macros in a way that makes you wanna not kill yourself. And again, I'm just showing you exactly what I would do. So if you think it's too hard, then go find another YouTuber that'll give you the exact formula while he's flexing in his living room. So starting with the most important thing, you're protein. I'm gonna make that anywhere from 40 to 45% of my calories. And personally, I'm going to 45% because that puts me in that sweet spot, which is a hair above that gram per pound. For me, the next important thing is fat. And I'll make that 35% of my calories because I can inhale an entire box of cereal and that won't give me a chub, but if I spread out some healthy fats throughout the day, I'll stay pretty satiated. And that last 20% from carbohydrates, I'll split and put it before and after my workout. Now you can either do it equally, or I value post workout in a tritian more, I'll do a third before and then two thirds after. And on your non-training days, you can just move those to your first and second meal, or just cut them out completely, because as hard as it seems in the moment to try to squeeze out a fart, silently next to your wife and have her not hear it, it really doesn't expend that much energy. And what else you're doing? So if you're wondering what I want to sweat like an asshole, it's because it's Arizona. And I can't turn the air conditioning on otherwise you can hear that buzzing in the background. So it's bad enough I shave my head for a dick joke. Now that mushroom cap's gonna be extra shiny. And I thought about making a list that the best protein carbohydrate and fat sources, but then the day, as long as you hear your macros, that's all the matters. That's put up in a five or six meals, depending how long your day is, two and a half to three hours apart. It's for that protein evenly throughout carbohydrates before and after your workout. And I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say, a bulk of that fat toward the end of your day, because that's when you're starting to lose your shit and wanna rage your fridge, and that's what's gonna keep you a little more satiated. And then somebody always asks a question, well how do I get my fruits and vegetables in? You're not going to, there's no way, let's a Disney diet. It's not real. And that's where supplementing comes in because you just know where to hit that micronutrient target otherwise. And it's okay. They call it supplements for a reason. Don't freak out. Now usually when you share this with somebody, there's a pushback of either, I don't have the time or I don't have the money. Now the time one's easy. There's so many good meal service companies out there. I'll link a few below. Just have somebody else make it. Don't overthink it. Now the money one, I gotta saucepot for that because I've been there. When you're poor and you wanna be healthy, life sucks because healthy things are fucking expensive. So before I went vegan, I was competing and I wanna have a nice lean fish on my diet. So I went to the Shittiest grocery store. I can find in town food city. If you know, you know, I talked to a lady behind the counter by the name of Lupita. And I convinced her to give me the fish for a dollar per pound. That's how fucking gross it was. Came to me in a box. And what it was is a big frozen block of fish. And he had to chip it off, put it in a pan, it would melt into mush. And it tasted like tears. So eventually I got fed up with dry heaving every time I ate. And I found a website called migroshudeos.com. We just put in your zip code, put in what you're looking for. And they'll show you the grocery stores around you and where the best sales are. Save your 50, 100 bucks a week. But with that being said, you could do all of that perfectly. And still not get results. Because you're still a dumpster fire internally. And that's why I'm a huge advocate of getting your blood worked on. Doesn't mean that something's gonna be off. But it's nice to know that you're not being held back by something that you could easily correct. And now it's incredibly easy. You can just take a test at home, send it in and you'll get results in a week. Or you could just keep doing the old fashioned way and flick it for half hour. And nothing happens. Then your dick's broken and your testosterone's probably low. And I'll leave a link of the company. I think that has the best test kits below. But I think you can also even test for gonorrhea. That way you can find out if that stripper you met last week and left you more than that shit streak, I'm sure. And that should about cover it. Get you on the right track and unfuck your life. If you need help with training, check out my 30 day Grods program. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you actually are gonna use this to get back on the right track, these two videos will help you out. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Science-Backed Peptides： More Muscle, Dream-Level Sleep, Laser Focus [Cu9PVWM2fJo].txt ===

I've already went over the best peptides for fat loss, but they can do so much more. Everything from improving sleep, cognitive enhancement, recovering from illness, musculoskeletal injuries, and my selfish personal favorite building muscle. On top of that, after sending pretty much everything I get my hands on for analytical testing, I think the research grade peptide market might be the dirtiest of them all. I sent in a bottle of reticutile to get tested that claimed it had 60 milligrams turned out. It had 108 milligrams, 80% more, or 180% of the label claim. And if you think, oh, that's great. It's almost double. You're an idiot. What that indicates is there's no quality control, and this is just the tip of the dick of the iceberg because it's going to be so much worse. I'm testing all of them. And what it means for me is now I trust none of them. This pissed me off so much that I reached out to the only other bald-headed fuck I know to try to come up with a solution, and I think we might have found it. Now we're going to have to work out some kinks, and it's going to be a dumpster fire at first, but I'm excited. Let's start out by learning some shit first, and then I'll get into it. Like I said in the intro, my favorite peptide ever for building muscle is IGFs. But if you're somebody who's tried it before, you didn't get results, I bet you you'll be able to pinpoint why after we go through this. So we have to start up by going over its relationship with growth homeones so you understand how it works, but probably more importantly, how to take it. The hypothylamist releases GHRH, which then gives the French tickler to the anterior pituitary, causing it to pulse out growth hormone, which then circulates throughout your blood, eventually winding up the liver where it stimulates the production of IGF1. And IGF1 is the real anabolic workhorse in the muscle. It's what increases protein synthesis and net accretion through the M-Tor pathway. To illustrate how important it is, you can bathe muscle cells in vitro with IGF1 and cause an increase in protein synthesis. If you tried that with growth hormone, there would be no hypotrophic response because IGF1 is the direct agonist at the muscle cell. And this is just dog food. So nothing's going to happen at all, but you should get the point. Now that might make you question whether or not you should even waste time on growth homeones or creedogs. If your only go on life is to build muscle, tan, and laundry. But remember, there's a lot of other beneficial signaling pathways that these things target. But what you will see is a lot of people cycle between taking a growth hormone's creedog and IGF1 because there's an inherent built-in long loop negative feedback meaning that when your IGF is high, your growth hormone decreases. But I also think that's the incorrect way to do it. You should be double-fistic. I did the x-rated version, not the drinking. I've seen too much. The reason being is the only version of IGF you're going to be able to buy is LR3. There is a FDA approved 70 amino acid version that's identical to human IGF1, but you have to be a broken kid to get that. You don't want to be in that category. I'd also argue that if you know how to use LR3 correctly, it's even more beneficial. Now the modifications they made to the IGF peptide sequence are fairly easy to understand. They added a 13 amino acid tail to the end terminus hence long. It then replaced the glutamic acid that was in the third position with Argentine giving you R3, put it together. All right. What's fascinating about this is normally additions to the molecule extends its half-life, but this one does the exact opposite. I would cup your asymmetrical testicles for this one because it's going to get a little confusing, but you need to know this so we can use it to abuse ourselves. Those changes to the peptide reduce its affinity for binding proteins by roughly three orders of magnitude or a thousand fold. That really shouldn't mean dick to you unless you're a complete dork and you know way too much and probably have a bunch of unboxed action figures sitting on your shelves. Speaking of which, did you know these still sell this beautiful bastard on Amazon? I was looking for one just for that joke to put on my wall, but I found this. I love that one. Smash a little chest plate on it, but my wife already thinks I'm an asshole. So probably not. IGF1 in the human body has a few options. It can either be free floating, bound to a binary protein in a turnary complex, or obviously attached to its receptor initiating the PI3KAKM Torpathelite. Free floating IGF1 has a half-life of less than 10 minutes. When it's bound to a binary protein extends anywhere from 30 to 90 minutes. And think of turnary complexes just like a megasard. Come on. This is the best example I can give you for a turnary complex. All right. That's it. All those little bastards connect together. The binding proteins and then ALS on top. And then it just smushes that IGF and extends the half-life anywhere from 12 to 24 hours. So if you remember what I said, LR3 rarely ever binds to binary proteins. So it's definitely not going to make it to the turnary complex step. It's not going to last anywhere from 12 to 24 hours. We'll be lucky if it lasts 90 minutes, but in all likelihood, it probably lasts anywhere from 10 to 30 minutes. Which means if you're a piece of shit like me, you're already thinking of different ways you can take advantage of that. We are the same. Now I've done it the way a clinician prescribed it to me, which is 50 micrograms three times a week right before bed. And it does work, but knowing what you know now about the short half-life, you can see why I made some tweaks to the dosing. For maxing out high purge fee, this is how you would take it. 10 micrograms, bi-ladderly and whatever muscle you're about to train, pre-work out, and then start drinking your intro workout shake. And then 10 micrograms, bi-ladderly, post-work out with your post-workout meal. And if you're taking growth homeowner's acrydicogs, I would move it to first thing in the morning and right before bed. And it's awesome. I also should probably update you on what I feel are the best growth homeowner's acrydicogs, because since making that initial video, I've tested all of them. On top of that, now I have a direct line to a shitload of clinicians, and they can relay patient experience. So we can make a definitive tier list, but not like not doing one of those. Let's just tell you the best. Those tier lists are getting kind of corny. Everybody doesn't know. And just as a little refresher, you're always going to want to pair a GHRH with a GHRP to maximize the GH pulse. Because if you remember, GHRH deals the GHRH receptor on the anterior pituitary somatotrubs, and GHRP's fondle the growing receptor in the anterior pituitary and upstream in the hypothylamus. So you're basically just squeezing the shit out of both. Now the key differentiator between all these really comes down to two things. How big the GH pulse is and how long exposure lasts. And that comes with some trade-offs. A longer exposure generally means a stronger effect, but also potentially more side effects. That's why anybody who's taken MK677, I beat them more in. We'll tell you they get hungry to the point they're eating ass like groceries, and that's because it activates the growing pathway for many, many hours. I don't know about you, but I can go for a big bowl of cereal right now. Captain Crunch is good, but then it ruins your mouth. I could do some life cereal underrated. So if I had a tear it out, I would say CJC no DAC, if a moreland MK677 all asks tear. I know people love Tesla Merlin because it's FDA approved. It's got the most research behind it, my experience. It's good, it's AT here, but it's not as good as CJC. The only time I would switch those out is if you're one of those rare individuals every time you take CJC, you feel like you're on heroin, you have to go land the bathtub, then you would switch those. And obviously for somebody who can't take MK677 without eating yourself to death, that's a contraindication. I would not take that. Diabetes is no joke. Now if you've taken LR3 before and you didn't really see a big difference, here's my guess why, because I've taken it four times. Two of those times were amazing. The other two, absolutely nothing. They're in the good times. I got it compounded, it showed up in a little adorable ice chest, and I got bigger and leaner. And the bad times were from different research grade sites, and yeah, it was in its life-alize form, so it should be more stable, but I don't think sitting in my Arizona mailbox all day was a good thing. And the more you dig into it, you'll see that some of these sites sell a receptor grade version, which if you ask any chemists, they'll tell you that's adorable because that's not a thing. Basically claiming that they're testing the binding affinity of IGF1 LR3, and only giving you the best of the best, which is not happening. Incredibly expensive, takes a long time, and you can't just fill throughout the bad stuff. You have to downgrade the entire batch. We're lucky if they wash their hands after they wipe their ass. That's all we can hope for. They're just using it as bullshit marketing language for purity. And I know it sounds like I'm shooting on research sites, and I was such a huge fan of them before, but I just don't like being lied to. But I know, four of every five people get their peptides from research grade sites. So put your favorite ones in the comments. I now have access to third party testing. I'm gonna send these out, get them tested, and we'll see. We'll have a list of which ones are actually still legit. My only concern is that they all might be pieces of shit. Now I'm assuming you guys sleep like assholes as well. So let me run through some of the peptides I've tried that are designed to help with insomnia and sleep regulation. De-step, the potential benefit is in the name Delta Sleep inducing peptide, and it reportedly boosts slow wave sleep as well as increases sleep pressure. But in my experience, nothing. Epitalon is an interesting one because it's been shown to increase telomerulength in vitro and in rats. Just think of that as the cellular wear and tear marker, but nothing in humans. We can test it if you want. I would just have to test my telomerulength and then take it and then wait in an entire year. So don't hold your breath. But the reason I took it is because it's been shown to increase nocturnal melatonin production. But again, I got nothing. So that one sucked too. Oddly enough, the one I saw the most benefit from was pinealon, which is actually more of a neuroprotective antioxidant. And there I say I woke up and I felt almost rested. And I'm somebody who has sleep apnea. I wake up to the slightest of sound and I sleep with a dog who's paralyzed and far into sleep. And still, I slept better. So if you're going to try one, that's the one. Now when it comes to peptides that are designed for cognitive enhancement, I've tried the most popular C-Max and Selenek and neither of them really wowed me. I will say though, I have a fairly high bar in what I consider a statistically significant result in this category because I have a prescription for Medafidel. I've taken every stimulus you could possibly think of to the point that I've squeezed out an electric ealer too. So maybe don't take my word for it. Try it for yourself. I did feel a little bit more of an effect with the nasal spritz. So maybe start there. Still nothing to write home to your diabetic obese should head of a grandmother, but better. For me personally, I've seen the most improvements in selective focus, episodic memory, processing speed from taking a 21-mille grab nicotine patch, cutting it into thirds and slapping one of those on the morning. This seems to be the safest and cleanest way to take in nicotine unlike all the kids you are suitcaseing as shitload of sin pouches. That's probably not the best. Nooo! Remember what I said in the beginning about getting everybody access to peptides from an FDA-regulated pharmacy? You might recognize my good bald-headed, f***friend, Brigham, who was recently just on and we need to open accessibility and we need to bring peptides back. For the American people, he owns a large telemedicine company named WazeToWell. Because there's so much bad information out there in regards to peptides and some of the digging I've done to uncover the shadiness of these research grade sites and ford of every five people get their peptides from research sites, we decided to team up and you're now looking at the chief scientific asshole for WazeToWell. No joke, that's my title. It's fucking awesome. My first decree access to peptides compounded in an FDA-regulated pharmacy without requiring blood work. These things are so efficacious, there's no reason to require blood work. I do think everybody should talk to a clinician first, a quick-teminant phone call, but not one of those judgey fucks, somebody who actually guides you and cupped you by the balls and answering questions you have. Questions like, are there any peptides that will make my balls feel less hot? Or, is there anything that will help me sleep less like an asshole or my personal favorite? Is there anything my wife can take that will make her hate me less? Those last two actually have a solution. The first one's just a joke. The goal is to make the prices competitive with those research grade sites, as well as getting the quick-teminant phone call with the practitioner turned around within 48 or 72 hours. We're not there yet. I flew into Houston to see what the hold-up is and in terms of costs, it's because the FDA has what we consider a very, very tight buckle. The benefit of teaming up with this guy is he's got a lot of connections, so he can massage that spink dirt to the point it starts to relax and we can bring more production in-house driving the cost down. The other issue is we need to hire more practitioners. We're in most of the states, just not all of them, this is the map. We'll be in all of them by the end of the year. I created an ad for this. I doubt Facebook will ever approve this ad, but I'm going to try to run it. Let me guess, you've been buying research grade peptides. There's no denying that they work, but the problem is there's no quality control. Meaning they could be underdosed to full of endotoxins or even heavy metals. That's why ways to help we decided we're changing the peptide game. We're making it easy to get peptides from an FDA-regulated compounding pharmacy. All you're going to do is fill out a questionnaire and hop on a quick 10-minute call with the nurse practitioner that will help guide you. Because you might be interested in BPC-157 because you injured yourself playing softball or God forbid you sneeze the wrong way and most people don't realize it, but there's a very different dosing protocol for an acute injury versus one that's been nagging you your entire life. The benefit of working with a practitioner is they can also help in other areas of your life, like how is your sleep? Are you a good candidate for a GLP-1? What about your libido? Does it feel like you're trying to shove a marshmallow into a keyhole? At this point, there's no denying that peptides are reshaving preventative and curative medicine. And it's our goal to make these available to everyone. So click the link below or check out my TikTok shop. And if that doesn't give you a chub, don't worry. I'm still going to test all the research grade sites. Because I know some people that's just... ...gray market for life. And there are some things you just can't get compounded for. You like red-a-true-tied, but to be honest with you, I'm probably switching over to Trezzepatide plus IGF1 because that's going to be even more muscle-sparing. But again, don't worry. I'm going to test those sites and I'll let you know which ones are best. It's give me about two weeks. Maybe three. If you do want to clinician answer all your questions, get all your stuff, legit from a compounding pharmacy, then I'll leave a link in the description. We set it up as a $99 console because most people are pieces of shit. And if you give it to them for free, then they'll cancel the appointment. I'll put a code in the description. I'll cut the price in half. What else do you want? That's it. That's all I got. Get out of here.

=== FILE: Science-Backed Shortcut for Massive Side and Front Delts! [fVraxVHKAJo].txt ===

The anterior del, and the lateral head are by far the most difficult muscles to train and most people do it horribly horribly wrong. For example, most people will do a shoulder press that doesn't even go through an effective range of motion. They'll start the movement with anterior del already in a shortened position and just shorten it even more. It's ridiculous. Or they do an incline variation like this for their lateral head, which is something I was teaching four years ago. Look at how young and dumb I look. I have aged a lot. Like a fine bag of shit. What I've learned along the way is that's actually a great exercise for your rotator cuff muscles. It sucks for your lateral head. The more you dig into the research around internal moment arms, dead gramas, you realize that the first bit of abduction is mostly the rotator cuff muscle, specifically the superspinatus. So, yeah, I was giving bad advice, but at least we got your rotator cuff muscle stronger. What do you want? I was young and dumb. One of the main reasons your side delts are such tricky bastards to train is because these rotator cuff muscles are more involved than most people realize. Here is a fascinating study where they did an herb lock that affected all three heads of the delt and then had the participants test their abduction strength that different angles. And what they found is they retained 75% of their strength in the initial range and all the way up to 120 degrees. They retained 25% meaning that it's not what we previously thought were the first 30 degrees is your rotator cuff muscles and then it's your delt. It is a working relationship throughout. And the reason people have such a hard time training their anterior delts is because when you move your arm through flexion, which is just a front raise, you would think that'd be a lot of anterior delts because there's no Based upon the line of action and internal moment arms, it's the collovicular head of your peck. So I read through all the case studies that had anything to do with the delts that way we can figure out the absolute best exercises that are backed by science, so you didn't have to. I mean you can, you can go through and read all of them, but they're not a great read. There are no zoobooks. That's such a good commercial. So let's first start out with the front raise and see if we can redeem it. The fibers of the collovicular head of your peck moving through this path, which is just a classic front raise, are better flexures than your anterior delts. So this movement is a D, maybe even a D-minus. And I would bet you had the same idea that I did. Let's just move away from the peck towards scaption or even the frontal plane and that will isolate the anterior delt more. The problem is this case study will back it up, but common sense will tell you the more you move in that direction. You're basically just doing abduction. So you're going to bring in the lateral head, which also sucks. But we can save this dumpster fire of an exercise because there's one thing we haven't factored in yet, and that's the orientation of your humorous. We know that when you pronate or internally rotate your humorous, you're going to get more lateral and even posterior fibers. Now when you supinate it, that's where we're going to isolate that anterior delt. But I still probably wouldn't use dumbbells. The best I found is with cables. And yeah, it's a pain in the ass to get into. Externally rotate those shoulders aim at 45. I've used a little greater than those delts stretch and pull and straight up. Thanks for the D- to a B+. And I know someone's going to say, yeah, but I can see your biceps are really involved. That's an isometric contraction. If you give a shit about those, you're an idiot. So you're somebody that's stuck in home with limited equipment. You could do the same thing with dumbbells on an incline, but make sure you're not pulling in. That's going to be your chest. You're going to supinate and drive out in a way. And it sucks just as much. Next, let's talk about pressing because I feel like a lot of people press in a way that's not as effective as it could be. They go full external rotation, flare those elbows out and press as heavy as they can because obviously it puts a little hair on your taint. It feels good. One of the problems with pressing in external rotation like this is you're bringing in your lateral head. That's why you feel stronger. You initiate the movement, not with your anterior delt, but by abducting up. And the second thing is we're not putting that anterior delt at an optimal length under load. I don't care if your team full range emotion or partial reps at long lengths doesn't matter. We both can agree that shorter is not better. So if you really want to stretch the delt, it isn't here. You got to follow the line of action. It's here. So for me, the classic shoulder press doesn't matter if it's dumbbell barbell Smith, they're all a sea. It's one of reasons I bought this machine right here, which side note does anybody know why companies now don't even factor in proper biomechanics. They just make shiny shit and even worse, the companies that did figure it out stop making the good shit. Now, if you're somebody that gets great results with classic shoulder presses, don't listen to me. But the fact they're watching this video means that you're probably a lot like me and just set on on the train on that much because I get a lot on chest day. But in reality, I just hated to train him because they would either get hurt or not grow. So f*** him. The only way to really effectively put that anterior delt at length is by moving through the sagittal plane. And I know the first thing that's going to go through your odd shaped head is I thought that was going to be a lot of upper peck. Everything changes. The internal moment arm is changed when you bend your arm. So this is the absolute best way to press. And I know everybody's not going to have this beetle machine. But you can do the same thing with a Smith by setting up the bench at roughly 60 degrees, grabbing closer with your hands, pinching those shoulder blades back and down, getting into a deep stretch of the anterior delt. And when you press, only engage high enough to flex your anterior delts. Don't let it jump into your triceps. The same applies for dumbbells. But I'll set the bench up a little bit higher because I can dictate the angle by arching my back. And I'm either press with a hammer grip or a supinated grip because then I feel like I can get a little bit more stretch. Same thing. Don't let it jump into your triceps. And you guessed it. Same same but different for traditional barbell press. Those three exercises, those variations to me are all S tier. And really, any machine or variation you can think of that factors, all of those things in, being working in the sagittal plane, also allowing you to change the angle of your body because your body has a natural mechanism for counter balancing itself. And in this case, if you're straight up, it's your trap. So what we don't want those involves, we want to tilt back. And then finally, stopping short of jumping into your triceps. Most everything will allow you to do that. So if you can find a machine like that, it's an S tier. And I know that comes off simplistic. Only press in that plane of motion and do that single front raise variation. But in my experience in research, that's what works best. So you can continue to do those random other exercises. But know that they probably suck. I don't know what I'm doing this. I just thought it would look cool. That's a dumb idea. Let's talk side delts. Now, if you're somebody that lives in fear of jacking your humor ahead into your cromion, then the best way to create the most subabove. The best way to create the most subabove cromion space is by retracting your scabs, pointing your thumb to the ceiling, and moving through the scapular plane. But that won't do shit for you. I just felt like I had to tell you that because every time I talk about a variation that does slightly decrease subabove cromion space, people get their balls tied to not. Don't freak out. The truth is, shoulder impensements during side ladders are less about poor improper form and more likely an indication that the rotator cuff muscles or other muscles involved in scapular movement are not functioning properly. Additionally, some people are just predisposed to shoulder impensements, meaning that they have less subabocomial space to start with, they are fucked from the start. Hopefully, that's not you. Because honestly, the effective way to do these is almost the exact opposite of the quote unquote safe way. So let's go back to the standard side lateral poms neutral arms come out to the side, D plus of an exercise. The first thing we're going to do to make it better is internally rotate the humorous, pronate those poms as much as possible. Yes, that does slightly decrease subabocomial space, but your super spinatus is not going to dry out the roof of your cromion because of it, because in reality, just abducting your arm decreases subabocomial space. So stop freaking out. The reason we're internally rotating is to align the specific deltoid fibers we want to target. I've shown this in a previous video, but the actual fibers that originate on the lateral part of the cromion, the ones whose line of action would directly abduct your arm to the side, is a very small percentage. Which means your side deltoid actually is mostly composed of anterior and posterior fibers that surround it. So our goal here is to line up those lateral fibers with the adjacent posterior and anterior fibers and optimize their engagement through the lateral rays. Why is this so hard to explain? You would think side lateral is would be easy, but it's like fucking calculus. To support this even further, there's been research that shows that when you internally rotate, you get less involvement from your super spinatus, which is the dominant rotator cuff muscle involved in abduction. So it shortens its internal moment arm therefore putting more emphasis on the deltoid itself to do the damn thing. We're also going to ditch the frontal plane and move towards these scapular plane, and at times I'll actually move even slightly in from that because it's more natural on the shoulder joint. This will actually help us regain some of the clearance under the cromion that we lost from internal rotation. And we're going to do one more thing. And I don't think I've ever talked about this because it's hard to verbalize all the weird things you do during an exercise, but before you even start, you're going to protract your scabs, which is just flaring your lats, and that's your starting position. What this does is that it starts the moment where the deltoid becomes the dominant driver of abduction, skipping that initial portion, which is predominantly your rotator cuff muscles. And it also lets you stretch those lateral fibers, which I know sounds crazy because most of the time you think you have to cross your body and do some weird deep stretch, which doesn't even make sense because as you pull into that, you're going to pass those rotator cuff muscles and then go back to the del, just try it and it'll make sense. What we're basically doing is using our lats as a wedge and letting the force of gravity in that dumbbell pull on those lateral fibers. So, frank and stunning in that into one exercise, we're internally rotating, we're on the scapular plane even slightly in it times, and we're protracting those scabs to use our lats as a wedge to stretch against. And that for me is one hell of an S tier exercise. So it doesn't matter if you live with your mom and you have little to no equipment, you could take two of our vibrators and turnally rotate. And before you know it, you'd have great shoulders and just soar on the same page. So those concepts or things I use on all of my side del training exercises. For example, this machine side lateral, hard to screw up. I don't care how old you were before your mom let you take off that leash backpack. You can't screw these up inherently, there are a B plus. But the way I turn this into an S tier exercise is by doing them unilaterally. That allows me to internally rotate, flare that lat tilt slightly back. So now I have more of a stretch on that del. I'm also turn slightly sideways, so I'm in the scapular plane and then I can pull up from there. And you can see, and how it he sucks. Pretty bad. So let's revisit this exercise because like I mentioned, I think it's ridiculous because it basically works in the range of motion that's predominantly rotator cuff muscles. But I'm open to being wrong because the more I learn the dumber I get. So if I had to steal man this exercise, I would say the one good thing it does is it changes the angle of resist. But if that's the only reason, then why not just take a cable, Bring it up to knee level. Now you have the same exact thing, but better. Speaking of cable side laterals, I don't care what kind of awful form you have. They aren't here in A tier exercise and everyone should do that. But again, the same principles apply. If you want to make them that much better than all you have to do is the same thing I've been showing you this whole time and turn You rotate, change the angle. So you can line up those fibers. You want to target. I don't care if you're doing it behind your back or in front of you. Flare that lat. It's better. So much better. In my last video, people thought I was talking shit about Dr. Mike because I said that anybody goes above 90 degrees on the side lateral isn't idiot. Let me be very specific. This is nothing to do with him. He's not wrong. The doubt can generate the most amount of force at 120 degrees. That's not my point. The reason I'm not a fan of it is because we know that your ability to shorten a muscle. As much as possible has really nothing to do with growth. If that was the case, then you're 17 year old high school self that was doing 21s all the time. Make sure if I can do a shitload of the ones at the top. You've got a lot bigger. The second thing is most people don't have a mind muscle connection to their doubt. Let alone knowing what muscles to engage to be able to manipulate their scapula as they go through that full range of motion. Instead of just shrugging their shoulders up and engaging their traps. I know you. That's what you would do. And finally, that level of abduction is going to engage your lower traps, which, knowing you, you probably engage the rest of your traps and screw everything up. And the rest of your workout is going to suck balls. Because again, I know you. You're not doing great. And if you haven't got a chance to buy me yet, there's two new 30 minute programs out. One for people that have access to a full gym and one for people that are stuck in their garage. And they're both horrible. It's basically all the principles that I've talked today and everything I've learned over the past so and so months. Blah, blah, blah, blah, they're linked below.

=== FILE: Science-Based SHOULDER Workout (60% of The Time, It Works Every Time) [17jkRBytzq8].txt ===

Because you asked for it, we're going over the absolute best science-based shoulder work out that's guaranteed to build you those ridiculous, bolder shoulders. That way you can go home during Thanksgiving and say, look mom, aren't you proud to build my body with science? And she'll say, no, now go to the store and get me a short pack of Marba Reds, you dumb shit. All right, today we're using everything from cables to machines, dumbbells, because I assume by this point, you have access to a gym. But even if you don't at the end of the video, I'll go for exactly what I would do. I still had limited equipment. But before we start, let me apologize, because apparently I pissed off a lot of women by naming that last video exercises all men should be doing. So am I sorry? No, but women are dangerous. Don't believe me. Check out this 2014 study that showed that hurricanes named after women are three times more deadly than ones named after men. Facts. So we're starting out with machine side laterals, which to me is one of the most underrated pieces of equipment there is, because once you find that perfect angle you really connect with, then all you're going to do is hurt yourself. And we definitely aren't. By doing 20 partial reps at the top to pre-exhaust, then into 24 reps, and then 20 partial to the bottom, just to squeeze out whatever you got left, and then to really screw up your life. You're going to force up one rep, hold of the top, and then hold that as long as you possibly can, it won't be long. It won't be long. It'll be shaking like an asshole. You'll be lucky to get a minute. So I realized after I was filming that last part, I probably shouldn't wear shirt that blends into the wall. So I found one that looks like a giant booger instead. So next up, we're going to do a machine-rared out-fly. But we're not going to just walk up into a full range of motion, because it's rare that something has a great connection right off the bat. I found that you always have to pre-exhaust or prime the muscle a little bit, especially that rear delt because it's such a finicky piece of shit muscle. And then you can get in the full range of motion. Don't believe me? Check out this 2012 study. It shows that what you watch prior to training plays a significant role in your overall testosterone and cortisol level. So to boil it down to a simplest terms, don't watch something sad before you train. Like when your ex uploads your latest video to only fans, unless you think it's hilarious that only you and two other people watch her, that'll actually increase your testosterone. It's great to see everything worked out for you. So since we know that your anus was the first thing to form in the womb, we're going to make sure we do another exercise for that lateral head. And let's not over-complicate things because as much as I hate to say it, sometimes simpler is better. So let's start with the regular side lateral, but let's earn the right to go up and wait. We'll do 20 reps. Once we get there, take a couple of deep breaths, 30 seconds tops, and then go up again. So always you can keep going up. You can keep doing side laterals. Once you get your ass kicked, start going back down. Lastly, we're going to burn out those shoulders doing drop sets with a cable front raise. Now if you're worried about over-developing those anterior delts, one thing you may not know is you can drive that contraction more than that lateral head by keeping more of a bend with those elbows. Other thing you may not know is that surefire way to cure hiccups is with the digital rectum massage. Try to convince your wife of that one. So if you don't have access to a machine-side lateral, no worries. You can do the same disgusting set with dumbbells. Also, machine-rooted outfly. I would do the dumbbell variation lying on a bench. And while your mom might not be proud, you're built by science. I sure am. Also, if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program, there'll be a link in the description. And if you like videos and they're based upon science, here's a link to the tri-step and bicep version as well. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Shoulder Training 101 (GROW MASSIVE DELTS!) [sQA2MZT8WdM].txt ===

All right, it's shoulder training 101. So get your textbook out. Unless you have alcoholic parents like I had, I literally came home with a list of books and my mom looked at me with a jack and coconut or hand and said, we're not helping you pay for those because look at you. You're only shouting getting good grades as sleeping with all your teachers. So for your sake, I hope you got all females. You etch your ass I did. Let me quickly apologize for the fact that my voice sounds like this awful. It's because I got the thing that we do not speak of the Voldemort's for a second time, but I hop right on the Jerry protocol and I'm almost there. So what that means with the video, it's going to be very short, succinct. And if you can't figure out how to grow your shoulders after this one, you were dropped to me in times as a kid. All right, chapter one, connection over everything. About two weeks back, I was training shoulders with a buddy and we started to do side later, I was saying stop me, I knew you're supposed to do a full range of motion, but for some reason, I feel better if I flare my lats and just do a partial range, like what should I do? And I had to chew down my anger and there was a lot of it. With shoulders, you can't just throw a weight around like you can with dead lifts or squats and expect good things to happen because there's so many muscles that you don't want to have jump in, that absolutely will and ruin everything. That's where your number one priority has to be the connection. Over the range of motion, the path you take, the weight you use, even your form. If you start to do a movement, you realize your form is really off, but you have a great connection, embrace that fucked up form. Because what my friend was doing by flaring his lats during a side lateral was actually brilliant, but he was concerned because some oily hairless guy on TikTok told him you have to do a full range of motion, but what it does understand is that short range of motion is actually just isolating down to make sure that that side lateral that lateral head is the only thing that's working. And he would have known that if he didn't listen to that shiny bastard and he just listened to his body. Chapter two, you should never finish an exercise the way you start it. If you do, you're not getting the most out of it. And then my form changes because of one of two reasons. Either first, I'm doing the exercise and I just don't have that connection. So I'll do about two sets, try to find it, but if it's not there, I'll change the form completely, change the path, change the angle, whatever I can, really connect, do two more sets. If I still don't have it, I'll just keep doing that until I find that connection and then hammer out those sets. Or it's the exact opposite. Instantly I have a horrible connection that muscle so much so that I got tears of pain and joy in my eye. And I do all the sets, but I don't leave. I'll still change the handle, change the path, and do one or two more sets to make sure I hurt myself as much as possible because when you find something you connect with, lean into it. That's why if you ever see me in the while, you might think, wow, that guy's been sitting there like an asshole stealing that machine, doing 10 sets. And in reality, I probably did, but I don't think of him as 10 sets because I'm doing three or four different hand placements to me, most of all different exercises. That's how I can justify sitting on the machine for a half hour like an asshole. All right, Chapter three, small, seemingly insignificant changes, make a world of difference. I'm gonna use dumbbell for what raises to illustrate this because there's so many people that either love dumbbell for what raises, even though they shouldn't. I mean, others that know they shouldn't because every time they do their traps engage and take over and we can easily fix this. Because I think one of the biggest problems people run into in training their doubts is they don't put enough thought and effort in each individual head as they train them. They just group them all together and think, I'm training my shoulders. Kind of like the way you think about your balls. Even though they're very distinct and each have individual characteristics, for instance, I guarantee one of yours hangs lower. Left. So what I want you to do the next time you go to do a front raise is really narrow your focus down to just that anterior doubt and think about, okay, what part of this movement does any secondary muscles have the potential to jump in and take over? For most people that's gonna be trapped. So you're gonna try a couple different angles. For some, you're gonna land in, in, climb and do a front raise. So you're just doing the initial part of the contractions for others. It's a convenient opposite. You might lean all the way forward that way you're just finishing it off because for most people as they bring it down to their side that shoulder rolls forward and that's when they're trapped engages. And then from there it's all about trying to get even more to the movement. Is it starting out to the side and then flexing in as you can track up or keeping a supinated palm that way you limit that lateral head. Again, it comes back to those minor tweaks to try to get the most intense contraction possible. If you need somebody to hold those little sausage fingers and take you through some pretty painful shoulder workouts, I'll leave the links to the two programs below again. 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. If you haven't watched these two, I've watched those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Slow vs Fast Reps For Growth (You Won't Believe The TRUTH!) [8MaVVtymTuI].txt ===

So it's all a couple of videos on tempo, whether slower or faster reps lead to more muscular growth. And one was two scientific, one was just completely unclear. So I figured I'd give my experience and perspective on this because does this speed of your reps really matter for growth? Damn right, it does, but it depends. Let me explain. So slow and fast reps obviously inherently have their own benefits. As you start to slow down the reps, you're increasing the time that muscles under tension. You can laser focus in on your form and make sure you're actually hitting the muscle you're trying to hit. And you can maintain a mind muscle connection a lot easier through the entire set. And as you increase reps speed, you're able to use more weight, but you're also able to get more reps because there's no possible way you can have done that 100 reps squat challenge by doing sole reps. You wouldn't even have to have halfway through before you shit your pants and you died. And this is the dilemma I think all gym gore's face. Do I just jerk the weight down? Hope the muscle I'm trying to target just gets involved at some point and run the risk of being on one of those epic gym fail pages or do I tuck in between my legs and just play with lightweight on it? And this is where my opinion on this differs from most I've seen because I don't think tempo should be some overarching theme that applies to all your training. I think it should be a decision you make on a per exercise basis. Now the hard part is giving somebody who's new to the gym, a way to make that decision on each exercise that isn't some esoteric or high level bullshit answer like do it feels best. So I'm going to use examples of exercises to help illustrate why and when I would choose a specific tempo. It comes to something like concentration curls when arms on the bench the entire time. I'm always going to do slow reps and that's not just because it's inherent in the name because I can obviously grab heavier weight trying to increase the speed trying to get more reps but then you run the risk of actually working against your body's natural urge to protect itself because your biceps not a big muscle. So after a certain amount of weight that shoulders going to get involved in all the benefits you've received from increasing the speed of those reps don't outweigh the fact that you just lost the connection of the muscle completely. And then you go to exercise like the drag curve that lets you circumvent the fact that your biceps are a little bit's muscles. By the fact you're taking those shoulders out of the equation completely and now you're shortening the range of motion to a point where it's just those biceps working so you can use more weight and speed up those reps a lot more before you run the risk of losing that my muscle connection. What do you do when you have an exercise that no matter what tempo you choose it destroys you? You can speed up those reps, use more weight and your trash or you can slow down the reps, focus on that contraction and it completely ruins you. How do you know which one to choose to get better results? I personally always start up with slower reps sets and then if I get the while hair to start speeding it up and throwing it away around and at that point there's so much blood in the muscle that have to be a complete screw up to lose that connection. At the end of the day if you don't know if you should slow down reps or speed them up during an exercise just let that muscular pain be your guide. It'll help you figure it out real quick. Here's the trick, here's how you hide your sweat. Just keep doing that. Here's a link to a video on common gym mistakes and also another one of my favorites. Make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and as always get after you get growing talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Stop Doing THIS! [6grpJFNkiDs].txt ===

The seated row is one of the most butchered exercises period. For example, if this or even this resembles your form, you're wasting your time. Because honestly, the back is one of the easiest muscles to grow. So if yours isn't, it's not your genetics. It's you. But don't worry, I'm gonna show you exactly how. On top of that, by the end of this video, I'm gonna teach you how to suck your own f***. You think I'm joking? Let's get after it. We're gonna go over some of the common mistakes that people make on lat, pull down, seated rows, dead lifts, and even high elbow rows. But let's start with the seated row because it bothers me the most. Now, if done correctly, it's a phenomenal exercise for your lats. Most people categorize it as some ultimate mid back exercise. They hit everything from rhomboids, the mid traps, to rear delts, that's not the case. To best target your rhomboids, you shouldn't even row the weight, you should shrug it. If you wanted to target your mid traps, based upon fiber orientation, you should do a high elbow row. And if you're trying to hit rear delts, then you should just train your damn rear delts. So, reason this is such a great lat exercise is because when your arms are close to your body, it falls right in line with one of the primary functions of the lat, which is extension. The only other muscles they can help with this action are your Terry's major or their clovec that are ahead of your pack or your biceps if you're really screwed up. The biggest mistake on these becomes very apparent when you look at the form that most people use when they do these. Most people opt for a very rigid back, straight up and down spine, which makes sense. The hearts on the right place because they don't want to injure their back and shit out their spine. I understand. Your lat actually comes up and gives your humorous the old reach around before the attaches, meaning that the warrior shoulder goes into abduction, the greater stretch on the lat. So, you can see the issue with this exercise, is that we have a very limited range of motion of that lat. You're basically letting it stretch slightly and then you ain't gonna back up. That's the equivalent to if you're training biceps and you go to do a curl and you barely let the weight go down and you jerk it right back up. What's that gonna do? In reality, you should have just as much hatred in your heart for this exercise as you do for T-bar runs. Yes. Because the way you do this exercise correctly is basically the exact same way. Specifically, you're gonna hinge at the hips in the same way you do with the T-bar row. That's gonna create the angle you need with your back to be able to create length on that lat. And as long as your abdominals and the rectumusals are tight, you can use significantly heavier weight without any issue and really overload that lat. And I know that's not significantly heavier, but I just did this a second ago and I... I almost died. Another fatal mistake that people make has to do with three words. You're gonna hear me say throughout this video because it is the key to all back training, which is depression, pro traction and a retraction. Your scabs are the key to make sure the tension stays in the muscle you're trying to target. For example, if you don't engage your lower traps and your straightest anterior to depress your scapula as you row, over time it's gonna elevate which is gonna shift the tension into your upper traps. And we've all seen people like this when they row, they try not to, but we go directly into their upper traps and you just assume that they probably masturbated themselves into this predicament. And the reason it's so important to think about the eccentric part of the movement as actively protracting your scap, is because what's happening is that scapula's actually moving along your ribcage and creating additional length in that lat. Because if you're not conscious of what's happening in your scaps, as you go into the negative, you can actually create an incredibly deep stretch but have zero tension on the lat. Yeah, it's at length, but at this point, all the tension is in your trap and in your neck. And if that's the case, and what's the point of even doing the exercise if you skip over eccentrically loading the lat in the first place? What I want you to do instead is depress your scap and then instead of letting the weight pull you into the negative, I want you to focus on punching through your serratus anterior because as long as that's engaged, you're gonna maintain tension on that lat. And then it's obviously important to force those shoulder blades into retraction because if you don't, you can't fully contract your lat. And we've all seen people like this. This is where the phrase monkey fucking a football came from. Now there obviously are some advanced techniques where you'd want to train a muscle at length the entire time but you're not there yet. So to summarize the perfect seat of row, you're gonna hinge at the hips. That's gonna give you the angle you need to fully stretch those lats, but before you do, you depress those scaps and as you punch forward, you punch through your serratus anterior, fully stretching and as you come back, retract those scabs and I guarantee if you do it like this, you're eventually gonna be less small. Side note, I'm a big fan of no strips. I warmed a bed, I wear them when I work out. My favorite ones are these black ones by hostage tape but I have a big ass oily nose. So I told them they don't stick as well as they should. But they send me these. And does that not look like my ugly face? They're just supposed to be stickier, so we'll see. Better. The reason I said the back has some of the easiest muscle to grow is because I'm assuming we all had that same ex-girlfriend who hated the gym but decided to come with us for a few weeks in a row and what do you know? Her back out wider and her shirts didn't fit anymore and you never heard the end of it. Luckily for us, she slipped and fell in front of a bus and that was the end of it. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that the lap pull down is basically a cheat code. When I tested with EMG devices, as long as you're wide enough, your biceps are always gonna be less engaged than your lats. That however doesn't mean you can't screw it up because I've done it. The most important thing is to make sure those scabs don't elevate and transfer the movement into your upper traps. As long as they're depressed, you're gonna maintain the connection with your lats. As you get more advanced, then you can start protracting at the top of the movement or really forced the stretch and then retracting to exaggerate the contraction. But more than anything, make sure you keep those scabs down. I know, easier said than done, but the concept is a lot easier to master when you're doing something allows you to keep your lats close to your body like a V-bar handle. Now instead of only slightly protracting and retracting, like you do with the wide grip, it has to be your entire focus. Otherwise you're gonna pull it into your biceps. So, depress, protract forward as you stretch, retract as you come back. And this is an exercise that I didn't do for a while because when I tested it with the EMG device, I got so much bicep activation, but in reality, that's a static contraction. And a lot of that was fixed by being a better control my scapula. So again, for the most effective wide grip lap pull downs, make sure your hands are one wide enough, so it's not in your biceps depression. And then as you go into the stretch, force protraction, contract down, retraction, and it's just those slight little movements at the top and bottom that really exaggerate. And get a little bit more out of it, and fine, I'm was farted. Whew, that's close. Similarly with the closed grip, forced depression, I will stay tucked in the entire time, forced protraction, and retraction. Except with this one, it's a lot more exaggerated. Now when it comes to deadlifts, the biggest mistake isn't actually with the form itself, it's with programming of, and I know. I used to be the most avid deadlifter. I think they're in every single program to the point that if I left the gym on back day without doing deadlifts, I felt like I should just leave my testicles because I didn't deserve them. Here's the way I think about it. If you can only do two exercises for the rest of your life, either heavy deadlifts or heavy rows, which one would get you closer to the result you want. It's definitely heavier ropes. Now for somebody that just loves to deadlift, by all means keep doing it. I just think you're better off programming some heavier hip-hinge movement like glute-based RDLs or stiff legs that also hit your erected spine aimus, because there's no way around it. When you have deadlifts during the week, they're gonna mess up your leg day, and then your leg day is gonna mess up your back day, and then you're gonna constantly feel like shit. Blastly, let's talk about the high elbow row, and this could be the dumbbell version, or a chest supported T-bar row. And I'm gonna spare you reiterating the same three words over and over again, but yes, that's how you should do these. But there is one mistake I want you to look out for that everybody makes, including myself, and that's creating a pivot point in their upper back, the hinge over top of. Your chest should not lift off the pad. It's just a in contact the entire time and pro traction and retraction. That's it. Now I know you've been waiting for me to drop the new program. I've seen the comment. Don't worry, I heard you loud and clear. That's why I created the most challenging program yet. That I call how to tongue punch your fart box in 30 days. Now I know what you're thinking. It's never been your goal to polish your leather Cheerio to the point in glistens like a freshly fried crispy cream donut, but it comes back to one of my favorite sanges. Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll fall amongst the stars, meaning that even if you fail and you're never able to toss your own salad, it'll least you'll be flexible enough to deep-throw that chiro. And I know what you're thinking. Even if it works for other people, how do I know it's gonna work for me? Take Gabby for instance. When I first met her, she was just an innocent woman who didn't speak a lick of English, just sitting out front of Home Depot looking for work. Now look at her. She still can't speak a lick of English, but is that even a requirement anymore? What's important is she can lick her own ass. People always ask me, Ryan, why do you care so much? Why did you dedicate your entire life to helping others? The only thing I could say is, how do you not? After you see the look on your customer spaces after they've reached their goals, how do you not dedicate your life? I mean, look at Gabby. Look at that shitty and grin. That makes it all worth it. I don't know if I pissed on myself or what. In all seriousness, what I've done is I've created an app that I'm gonna use to consistently drop new programs the first one is the best so far. It's a 12 week push pull legs that's got some sprinkles of high volume so you can crush yourself and then also throw up in your mouth. It's glorious. The cool part is now you can track your own weights and there's an exercise library of stuff that you know works. So if you wanted to create your own workout, by all means, go for it. Now to get this done, I had to set it up as a subscription, which I know. Subscriptions are fucking done. But I set up a free seven-day trial so if you don't like it, piss off. Or if you wanna do it for just a month and then stop, I don't give a shit. What my goal is to make this app actually useful in your life, unlike every other fucking app on your phone. So not only will there always be a new program in there for you to crush yourself with, but I'm also making videos that are exclusive to the app. For example, I'm in talks right now to buy a liquid chromatic graph. You don't know what that is. That's just what they used to test the potency and quality of supplement. So imagine putting every single pre-workout or protein on the market and testing a sea of what they say is in it is actually in it. They did a study like this with Melatonin and found the dose was actually anywhere from 74% to 274. That's a big difference. Or any other videos you guys wanna see. We'll vote on it. Again, there's a free trial, but honestly, you can't look me in the eyes and say you didn't spend 20 bucks last month on only fans to watch a girl fart in a jar. So you can spend $20 on yourself. It's pretty solid, the deal though, huh?

=== FILE: Stop Doing THIS! [uS4v5vPMavg].txt ===

Today we're going over the absolute best way to train your back and I guarantee you're doing it wrong because I sure as hell was. For example, did you know that a reverse grip lat bar pull down is just a glorified glory hole of an exercise because it's more biceps than back But if you just slightly lean back, it completely redeems itself and that's just the tip. Here's my issue I've seen several other case studies and videos where they took an EMG device just like this strapped at the different parts of their back Did exercises and then ranked deadlifts are a f***ing tan the glaring issue and oversight with that kind of testing is that 95% of all Back exercises have a built in weakness of fall Your biceps in their haste to develop their back to a point that they look like a goddamn shit I ordered the wrong size I'm starting to cut my tail Not bad none of these people waited the effectiveness of an exercise in comparison to bicep activation So that's exactly what we're going to do today to figure out what exercises are actually the best and even more important than that How to tweak your form to make a good exercise even better. I am excited So let's start this off by going through some common exercises that everyone does when they train back and seeing if they are truly any good If they do suck if there's changes we can make to the form to redeem that starting out with one arm rows and I know some trainers would have you believe that this is a highly dangerous exercise and these things are given out Hernia is like hotcakes, but that's not the case. It's actually a great exercise Depending on how you do after disgusting amount of testing. There's one thing I know for sure You can definitely make this exercise better if we look at traditional form the kind you'd see any Impressible show to the gym do where they grab heavyweight with the neutral grip pulling straight up when I tested it 34.8% more activation out of the lat than out of the bicep Not bad just to make sure you understand the percentage We're looking at an exercise taking the mean activation of the lats comparing that to the mean activation the biceps and that gap in between Is the percentage we're talking about the larger it is the better the exercises it targeting your lats Welcome to math bitch, but one thing I've always thought to be true just based upon my own anecdotal bullshit is that if you keep your elbow in a fixed position and you row and more of an arc like motion That you're gonna be able to isolate the lat more and that's because If you look at the origin and insertion point of those lats and They actually originate several spots, but to make it simple think about them starting at your ass crack Coming up your spine and then the wrap around and attach to the anterior side of your humorous Right below your pectoral smager, which means it is the most dominant muscle for addduction of your arm so when you raise it up But if we look at most lat exercises as you add duct that arm you also decrease the angle of your elbow Which gets your bicep involved so my theory was keep the elbow in a fixed position It's gonna be more lat and I was right When I tested the fix elbow variation of the one arm row I got 73.5% more activation of the lat than I did out of the bicep, but I didn't stop there I decided to go one step further and see what happens when I use that same form But take a pronated grip because I already know from bicep testing the rotation of your wrist plays a huge role in your ability to contract your bicep and it was glorious 94% that is the way you should always do that again I'm shocked and disappointed nobody told me this shit back when I was 14 so I didn't waste my entire life Next up, let's go over lat pull downs because for my phone each attachment as well as grip you take has a different level of difficulty Meaning that some are harder to keep out of your biceps than others traditional why grip pull downs are the toughest to screw up You can give this exercise to any gym nuve and tell them don't come back until you cure yourself of Imagineary lat syndrome and as long as our hands are wide enough that way when they pull down They don't break 90 degrees with their elbow so it's harder to flex their biceps and their chest is nice and tall So their shoulders are an external rotation not internally tip forward They're gonna pull through we're gonna let pull down 63% more lat than bicep the form that I like to do which is more of a pullover 71% next up v bar handle and it's not horrible But it's not great and it makes sense more you think about it If you look from the side the angle of your elbow decreases at a greater rate than the angle at which your lat can add out your arm and Just puts that bicep in a better position to take over and screw things up the only thing that saves it is the fact your hands are in a neutral position That way your short head has a harder time jumping in screwing things up and it usually is the short head that does and the Factor arms aren't straight up and down. They're always angled that way blah blah blah blah But if you just slightly lean back it transforms it and I'm not talking about leaning back like the old people Planet Fitness where they almost jacked the back at their head on the ground We just want to get our hands slightly away from our face so we're not curling the weight down 10 to be 15 degrees but then again both of those suck eggs and comparison the variation where you keep your elbow fixed reverse grip pull downs As you soften the intro they're pretty crappy Doesn't matter if you use this bar or the straight bar when you put those hands in a super day position Those biceps will ruin your life and yeah You could redeem them by leaning slightly back or keep them to elbow and a fixed position But I wouldn't recommend them because they're just too easy to screw up and before so many comments It says yeah, but you should still do them because they're better hitting your lower lats Don't worry. I used to be an idiot as well. That's not what happens. I littered my lat with sensors Doesn't work like that. I had a lot of people comment on the last video My shoes are so f***ing loud Still got it. I had a lot of people comment in the last video and say why didn't you test face pulls? I did That's why I didn't put them in there because I got the most activation on my lower traps Then post your delts then mid then upper traps It's just as much as a trap exercise as it is for your posterior delts and it doesn't mean I wouldn't do them on shoulder day I would actually do them on shoulder and back day But wait till the very end that way you don't light up your traps and screw up the rest of your workout and on back day who cares if he had posterior delts again But wouldn't it make? Next let's talk about the seat of row and I'm not gonna go over every variation or grip because Pretty much everything holds true the same as lat pull downs best way to do these Hinge at the hips keep your back straight to make sure your lads pull the weight not your biceps and to answer the question What's the best grip to take? I tested three different variations with a single arm cable row first variation Hand in neutral grip the entire time the second one pronated to twisting into a neutral grip last one staying pronated Clear winner again. I don't know if this is interesting to you guys, but I've been doing it wrong a long time Like a long time it's fascinating if you put all the information together Then the best seated cable exercise you can do for your lads Is this one by a lot? I should note that you can actually get away with any grip you want as long as you keep that elbow in a fixed position Yes, it looks dumb, but it works next up Let's talk about something I was dead wrong about nuts compound movements like bent over rows and deadlifts The ass kickers the ones that hit your entire back my assumption was that if you use lighter weight It's gonna target the same exact muscles as if you jerk the weight up. It does not when you use lighter weight It's predominantly a trap exercise specifically mid trap and just so run the same page I was usually in a weight I could roughly get 20 maybe 25 reps and then throw up in my mouth when I increased the weight to something I could do eight to ten reps with it was still predominantly a mid trap exercise But I got significantly more lat and upper trap activation and it wasn't simply because I increased the weight I got more excitement overall because it wasn't a unilateral increase I actually got less activation out of my lower traps as I went up and weight and again It makes sense the more you think about it the heavier you go the more of a well-rounded ass kicker of an exercise It becomes it's still a mid trap exercise But your upper traps now have to stabilize and maintain a heavier weight throughout the movement and your lats work to counterbalance You so you don't fall in your face so it's almost like there's a built in overload e-centric movement for them So it's just better. I was wrong do it that way and the same thing applies to deadlifts the heavier You go the more upper trap and lat activation you get Another thing I had to check my ego on is how you do those bent over rows and not grip Supernated socks don't ever do those pernated winds every time what I'm talking about is the angle of your body I'm sure you've seen somebody the gym do them when they're almost standing straight up I love to just stare at them across the gym and giggle because I hate them so much Well, we can actually learn something from because when I tested it when you're more straight up It actually turns off your lats and turns on your upper traps then vice versa So if we know that then we can make one hell of a mechanical drop set starting out by almost parallel of the floor And as you start to fail stand up change the position keep going and you're gonna light up your entire back and the same thing applies for T-bar rows If any of that was interesting to you then pull-ups will blow your mind because I tested every variation You can think of wide grip wide grip fixed elbow reverse grip reverse grip fixed V bar handle V bar handle fixed elbow The only two that got more lat than bicep activation were the wide grip variation I even tried to pre-exos my biceps for a half an hour and then test again same result. I also jumped up and just did negatives That was worse. I also hired a lady to come because maybe I'm just too chubby But she got more bicep activation than lat on every variation she did now does that mean you shouldn't do them? No to me you just need you have to be thoughtful of how you program them in your workout because there's no way around it You're gonna hit biceps while you're doing them so just put them at the end of the workout because it's much more than a lat exercise But it is interesting to know how much those biceps get involved during most pull-up variations I mean I guess if you're 130 pounds, you'd never train legs then you probably could isolate it more to your lats But then you would never touch a ladies boob in your life So if I had to summarize what I learned and how I'm gonna apply to my training for upper traps You can't go wrong with shrugs But one interesting thing is that even when I change the angle of the shrug I maintain the same level of activation out of those upper traps I just brought in more mid and lower traps So that means it's a perfect setup to do a mechanical drop your mid traps get hit several times throughout the workout Whether it's bent over rows or T-bar rows But if you really want to isolate them as much as you possibly can then doing movements with your elbows nice and high Is the way to go for lower traps face pulls and wise are by far the best and for lats pretty much every movement going forward Is gonna have a pronated grip and I'm gonna try to keep that fixed elbow the entire time And I know we didn't cover the spinal rector muscles, but that's gonna take its own separate video because there's a lot of conflicting arguments on flexion Extention whether it's safe or not. I'll do a video on back pain programs link below the new one comes out soon good luck

=== FILE: Supplement Companies Are Going To Sue Me... (NOT CLICKBAIT) [PqGdGNsJ3wA].txt ===

This is going to change the way you look at supplements. For F. I would bet that your supplement collection looks exactly like mine. Preworkout, STEM, no STEM, creatine, glutamine, and of course protein. A lot of protein. And up until recently, I would have said no matter the category of supplement, they're all fairly similar. They have small tweaks in their formulation, and the only real noticeable differentiator is taste. But then I fell down a rabbit hole of class action lawsuits. FDA requested recalls analytical testing and realized, to this day, this is still one of the most corrupt and unregulated industries there is. Come on, how bad is it? Well, in 2024, you know, last year, a company came out with a mushroom chocolate ball. And it contained lion's mane, re-che, CBD, very mundane ingredients, and they marketed as a psychedelic microdosing of mushrooms. The problem is they also snuck in actual silocin, which is a controlled one-cycle active substance, as well as a synthetic silocin. And on top of that, sprinkled in a prescription anti-convulsion just for the hell of it. 73 hospitalizations and three deaths later, it's off the market. I just picture somebody's gramma getting hold of one of these things and flip it out. Microwave in the cap. The problem is, anybody can play this game. The fact that Amazon now requires third party testing doesn't really mean shit, because it's not hard to get a high quality bench top sample made. Submit that for testing, get the certificate, and use that same batch number on a lower quality product. With that uncle of yours that used to make math out of the bathtub, can now repurpose it and use it to produce magnesium L3 in it. My goal with this video is obviously to call out any sneaky bullshit some of these companies are still pulling to this day. But even more important than that, I would like to come up with a strategy that helps me make better decisions in terms of what supplements are good, in which ones are hot garbage. Because right now, I'm in the dark just like you. Who fucking knows? Let's start this off with the $22 billion global market of protein fuckery. We all remember back in 2015, 2016, several companies got caught for spiking their protein. That's, that's one of them. Either sprinkling in some free, former amino acids or even worse than that, adding non-protein containing nitrogen compounds, I.E. Creatine. Real dick moves. But nobody really does that stuff anymore, right? Actually, maybe here's a study from 2021 that looked at 20 different commercial protein powders, and all of them had lower than labeled amounts of protein, ranging from 47% all the way down to 7. Some of my more hardcore analytical nerd friends might say, well, the method they used often under predicts the amount of protein because it has a hard time with hydrolyzed and free-form amino acids. But if we pair that study with this 2020-4 study that also found lower than expected, grams of protein per serving that then used an HPLC to detect the typical types of protein found in way, and those were also a hell of a lot less than they should be. If these proteins truly contain a standard way, then the total should be anywhere from three to four milligrams per milliliter. The highest of all of these. Why? Why would you do that? So either we're bringing back the good old days of scurron people like it's 2015, or there isn't a grejas problem with the protein manufacturing process as a whole. And I know there's going to be a comment that says, yeah, that's why I own eat whole food. Cool. Something more hardcore than an intro workout chicken breast, but you still have to admit there'd be times when it would be more optimal to have a protein powder that you could trust. And this brings up an important point that I haven't heard anybody talk about because most people don't have the same aspiriners fueled ADD that I do. And that's the fact that up to this point, we've just been talking about the quantity of protein in these products, but not the quality. To do that, we have to get into a little bit of basic chemistry. Some of you may have heard of the Mayard reaction, and if not, just think of it as the browning effect when you're cooking a steak. It's when simple sugars react with amino acids. The reason this is important to us is because the essential amino acid lysine has two amino groups, one of which being a more reactive, epsilon amino group. And when that reacts with a simple sugar, it becomes unavailable. The reason we can care less about this when it comes to something like a steak is because steak is a muscle. And there's very little simple sugars in a muscle, except for the small amount of glucose that's stored as glycogen, but in protein powders, there could be a very little or a short load of lactose. This spray drying process that all protein goes through to go from a paste-like substance, like the delicious one I used eat in art class, two age-ripe powder that hides the scuper, is hot enough to induce the Mayard reaction. But they also found another thing that can induce that reaction is just sitting on the shelf for long periods of time, so that protein you've had for four years in your cabinet probably not doing so great. The key thing I want you to take away, is there is a significant correlation between the amount of carbohydrates in the protein powder and the amount of blocked lysine. Now is blocked lysine the end of the world? No, but it does help us make better decisions going forward. For instance, I'll never buy a concentrate again no matter how well they market it. And stick to isolates, hydroslids and casings that have the least amount of carbohydrates. Give me zero. And some people might say, well, aren't those more processed, isn't that bad? No, you don't. Processing, refinement, and even the denaturing of protein isn't a bad thing. Practically, that's just the unfolding of the protein from its 3D structure and it's still 100% bioavailable. The best analogy I can give you is I'm sure you've seen those guys in remote African tribes that take their dick, wrap around a stick and stretch to the floor and then wrap it around themselves like a belt. The end of the day, it's still a dick, even though it functions as a belt. Yeah. It's never a bad idea to choose a supplement based upon whether or not they have a certification, whether it's a USP or the harder to get NSF. But the more analytical chemists I talk to, just because they met the standard to get the certification, doesn't mean they uphold the standard. Yes, NSF certifications have annual check-ins to make sure the standards are still in place, but not to go full conspiracy theorist on you. Even though the certifications appear to be a consumer-friendly business looking out for you and me, they get paid by the companies to put their logo on the bottle. So it makes sense to just keep letting them fuck up. And if you think that's crazy, go look up the companies that have lost their NSF certification. Don't worry. I'll wait because you won't find any. So even though there's hundreds of products every year that get recalled because they suck and it wasn't hard to find that one of those was also NSF certified. So it begs the question, what happened there, but which brings us to our next category of deceit that I'm going to call bullshit science. And I'm not even talking about anything like the O-Hurne Duck eggs. It goes beyond that. I'm talking about when a company uses terms like clinically proven or science back to remote their product when the evidence for the ingredient at best is conflicting. The testosterone boosting market is full of this. Of the 109 supplements that have been marketed as having the ability to increase your total testosterone, only 27 actually have evidence to show that they truly can. And of those 27, 15 also have evidence that shows either have no effect or can decrease your testosterone. So that sucks. For example, even if we look at a supplement with good supporting evidence around it, like Tom Cat Alley, when you look at the five most prominent studies and average out the total testosterone increase, it's only around 77 nanograms for decilator. And if you're wondering why somebody who actually takes testosterone and care about this, it's because I see commercials with Doug Floody who said his life was falling in part before he took his supplement like this. And now he's happier than ever and he's eye for towering girls with frank Thomas every night. It gives false hope to men with real hypogonatism. The worst abuser of bullshit science is a company that constantly emails me trying to pay me to promote their products, which I assume will stop after this is AG1. Their website is full of percentages from in vitro studies that don't mean any only double blind placebo controlled trial they've done sucks all the dicks. Even with them putting as much spin as they could on the results, the best they could say was that two of the probiotics were able to survive the GI passage and reach the large intestine to put it plainly. You're able to ingest their product, which has those two probiotics in it, and you're able to shit them out. And the other thing is, you've made corn. Everything from your mouth to your asshole is still considered the outside world. The only thing that matters is what you pull in or what becomes part of your system. Another category we have to talk about is one that I call sneaky, sneaky bastards. This is one company's failed to disclose an ingredient that most people wouldn't give two shits about, but for some reason they hide it anyways. A good example of this is element. They said they had four milligrams of multidectin in their product, but it turns out after a little analytical testing, they have up to 550 milligrams, and they hide it in the natural flavoring. Now, I don't really give a shit about an extra two calories. It's the fact that they lied, because they're basically just selling us a delicious salt, because the magnesium and potassium levels are completely off. So I know you're making a huge margin. You could at least get it right without sneaking in some out of the shit. And when you read their response, it was just, oops, what this actually does is highlight a bigger issue that a lot of people are going to start to figure out that I found out when I tried to develop my own supplements. Is that if you want something that tastes good, you have to hire a third party company to come in and develop a flavor system for your product, and you don't have to label that as shit. That could just be under artificial or natural flavor. And they could put in whatever the hell they want. There could be a guy in the factory line that just drops his balls in every jug, just has zested up. Or they hide in some sort of multidectin. You get the point. So after all of that, it begs the question, how in the hell are we supposed to figure out what supplements are any good? I had somebody reach out and so you should check out now supplements because they do this kind of analytical testing as well and they turning companies that fail. But that's like somebody's little brother who tattled tails all the time and then more I looked into it, they've also failed tests. So all they're really doing is saying hey, you should go check out that company. They suck. What in reality, they suck as well. I like the idea of consumer labs, but they test things that none of us would ever take. Have you ever heard of that? What is that? What is that? So I was going to end this video by saying sorry, I failed. There's no way to even know no one's coming for you. But just by a stroke of dumb luck, I got connected to a startup that I think's going to change everything. Running these analytical tests on the supplements that we all use, putting it inside an app, and there is no subscription paywall bullshit like that. It's going to be live in two months and the best part is they said ask your community what you want to test and we'll test it. So I'm going to put a link below to a form and you tell me what protein powders pre-workouts creatine, gas station boner pills that are probably hiding some sort of vagrantum. We're going to blow these companies out. They are going to be pissed. Also something that I didn't even mention heavy metals testing. When you guess one of the companies I talked about earlier failed said test. You guys are f-

=== FILE: THE TRUTH About The Best Muscle Building Exercises For Men (NO ONE IS TALKING ABOUT THIS!!) [9RYBwPp-PKc].txt ===

Alright, so today we're going over the best exercise to build muscle. Now my goal is for you to walk away from this video and know exactly how to figure out what works best for you on top of that. I'll give you a little insight of what I think about when I'm developing a training program for myself or a client and really what's worked incredibly well in the past. But let's be perfectly clear. If somebody tells you on a video, hey, do X, Y and Z exercises, you're going to get incredible results? They're completely foolish. Let me explain. Now, I've alluded to this before, but I think this point deserves very specific language because for me, it's the key to putting on size and it's simple. And that is, you'll always grow best with what you connect with the most. That's it. You make that the foundation of all your training. You're always going to make progress. But that does mean getting rid of exercise. You don't connect with it. Some people may say are the fundamentals of the foundation of any great training program like this squat because over years I've had people come in and they respond really well to squats. But they're few and far between. And those people, you can give any exercise to, they're going to grow. More than likely, those people are watching this video. That's not you. You're probably the opposite. That you've been squatting for the last 10 years and you still can't figure out why the fuck your legs aren't growing. I promise the moment you stop doing what you think you should do based upon other people's opinion and start narrowing down the selection of exercises to once you have a great connection to, then you start getting dramatic results. And this took me a while to figure out because I don't know about you growing up. I had all the bodybuilding magazines and you're looking there and they're all doing compound exercises. It's really low rep range as anything. That's what I should do. But after a while, you wise up to the fact that you're just trying to sell magazines. And they're trying to sell them to a broad enough audience to people that are in the jammer, stuck in their backyard with limited equipment. That's not really what even these bodybuilders do. That's not their training. They have no input in the magazine and half them have to borrow Jeff's weights just to do the photoshoot. So how do you figure out what exercises best for you? Now, for me, I think of boy that down to pretty simple process because every time I start into exercise, I always burn that first set, trying at least three different variations. Because I really want to figure out what I connect best with that day. Because just like whatever category you end up with on porn hub, it changes on the daily basis. And there are just about gathering inventory and building a list of exercises you really connect with. Because even though they're small tweaks to the same exercise, they will yield dramatically different results and oftentimes target completely different muscle groups. For instance, I can do a seated row where I lean forward, keep the elbow and a fixed position, and really target those lats, or I can sit nice and tall when I lower back in a fixed position. And I'm flexing and extending my upper back over top of it, targeting those spinal vectors. Both the same exercise, a seated cable row, but hitting totally different muscle groups. Which brings me to another important concept, which I don't see a lot of people do, and that's completely bailing on an exercise. Because sometimes you go to the gym and you try to do an exercise, you had a really great connection to the last time. But for whatever reason this time, it's a fiery, hot piece of vengeful shit. And you have no connection to it whatsoever. You can't develop that my muscle connection, no matter what tweaks you make or even worse, it jumps into a secondary muscle. At that point, don't waste two, three, four sets on it. Just pull from your list of exercises, you have a great connection to and do one of those. Another thing I see that holds a lot of people back is disconnect between what they say they want and what they're actually doing. Because a lot of times you ask people and you say, okay, what you're goal and they say you want to get as big as you can when you possible. And then you watch them and then you're like, okay, why are you doing a clean and press? Do you have an event coming up or are you on a game show? What's the reason for this exercise? And they'll say, oh, just want to get good at it. That's a completely different goal. You save that stuff like your mobility work and you exercise, you want to get good at it for a before and after your training. Your training time is precious. So what you should focus on is exercise. You have a great connection to it because all you're trying to do is tear it on those fibers, get your body to an adapt and grow. Now when it comes to building your list of exercises that's geared towards growth, my opinion you're going to get better results by narrowing down your focus and choosing exercises that just hit the muscle you're trying to hit. For instance, when I'm trying to grow my quads, I've gotten way better results by doing hacksquad compared to regular squats because with hacksquad, you can lock yourself in, walk those feet down and put more stress and more stretch on those quads and in turn, it's going to get more growth. Lastly, don't be afraid to go against the grain. For me, that's the leg extensions. A lot of people think it's the bad exercise bad for your knees, but I think that's bullshit. I think it's an incredible exercise for the debunkery quads, but also it is a mental battle. If you can do 50 reps of these and not get out and kick somebody in the chest, you're a good human. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: THICKER Lats & WIDER Back Workout (Get An INSANE V-Taper!) [GLSXPpxg_Wk].txt ===

All right, today we're going over lats, and I think you're going to like this one because if you have a hard time connecting to it, maybe your lats are just not as wide as you want, we're going to go over some moments today that's going to instantly create a better connection with those lats all there from that lower lat up into that insertion point. And what it really has to do is putting that Latin extreme stretch position and contracting through it. So if you're ready, let's get those wide, partial, never look in a dress shirt again size lats. So a long time ago, I saw somebody doing a various in these and I thought that is the dumbest most awkward that guys going to hurt himself. I like it. Made a couple tweaks to it and I have to say when it comes to connecting with those lower lats, there's nothing better. And there's a couple reasons that is such a good moment. The first thing is we can actually engage that lat before we even start the movement because we're doing a single arm cable room. What we can do is actually feel like we're doing no bleak crunch, tilt to the side and that's your starting position. You should actually feel like your lats fully engage all the way down in that lower lat and then you start the movement. The second being since you're already connected that lat, it's easier for you to push that stretch and fully open up that lat and then contract it back because sometimes you do lats. And you really think you have that great connection to your back and what's happening is your shoulders are taken over the movement, your biceps jump in and you get a little movement of that back, but you don't really get to exaggerate like this movement does. A couple quick notes here. Now even though you're opening that lat up, you want to keep those shoulders squared up to the machine because as you open up, you actually want to actively drive against it and that's going to open up and stretch even more. Now the second thing is what you've talked about in all the other lat videos, the more often you can keep the angle and a fix position, the better off you're going to be because once you start extending forward, brings that bicep into play. So keep in a fix position, let the elbow drift forward and then contract. So one arm rose on the landline here, really an incredible way to stretch and contract that lat and we've talked about it before, but want to drive this home because if you set up in the traditional way, one, you look awful. That's just first reason not to do it. Second reason is you have to contract those ads and keep them stable that you can't use as much weight and you really can't stretch that lat and open it up like you want. So what you have to do is set up perpendicular to it. And this is where it gets a little counterintuitive because this is one of the few exercises other than certain variations of stiff like deadness where the stretch itself is more important in the contraction because the stretch, how much you can open up that lat, dictates how well you can contract it up. So make sure not only are you opening that lat, but you're actually actively drifting back and pushing against it, driving back and really opening that lat as much as possible. So this wall has nothing to do with the next exercise, but want to use it to show you kind of justify what we're breaking my golden rule and never extending that arm all the way up when you're trying to hit those lats because this does relate to a lot of things going on the next exercise. So if you stick a step back and lean against this wall, you can see in a fully stretched position that lat is already engaged because I'm getting pressure from that arm and it's stretching that lat. So throughout the movement, no matter what I do, when I come back to the stretched position, that lat's going to be engaged because of that pressure. So what we're going to put those lats in a hyperstretched position is by grabbing a seated row, throwing a rope on there, hoppin all the way behind it and then hinge again the hips to a point where you start to feel those lats stretch from there. I'll get to focus on his flaring those elbows out the entire time and as you get into the negative portion movement, I would put even more force downward, driving more force down to really stretch those lats even more. I guarantee you're going to wake up tomorrow morning, put some deodorant on and be like, what in the sh** did I do. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video on next and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: THIS Added 1⧸2 inch To My ARMS! [B_ySPpYH5-0].txt ===

Over the past six months, I've grown a half an inch on my arms. But this is a big deal for me because I've been stuck at 19 inches for what feels like the last 10 years. A real 19. Cold measurement, no blood in the muscle, just wake up, pee, and then measure. And the reason I think it's so fast, I think is because I haven't changed much. I eat the same two meals every day. Either 10 ounces of chicken and 10 ounces of sweet potato or a third cup oats, 10 egg whites and a tablespoon of honey. I eat one until I get tired of it. Then I switch. I am a child. My HRT and peptide therapy also haven't changed. The loaders are testosterone, BPC157, HCG, Epimorland, CJC. Shout out to ways to well. They even compounded me this copper peptide because I look old as shit. Now I will say I've added a few more over the counter supplements, but let's be honest. These don't move the bottom line. If magnesium was a missing piece all this time, I would have been suitcase in those things years ago. God, that's the worst sound. The one thing that has changed though, drastically is how I train my arms. I know people get frustrated because some of these things go against what I've said in the past, but would you rather me not tell you? Here's my process. I subscribed what I feel the most beneficial research reviews as well as set up keyword notifications on PubMed. So the moment something crosses my eyes that I think is interesting, I integrate it into my own training and if it works, comes back to you. All ended attempt to make your training more efficient, less frustrating and hopefully avoid any potential injury. For example, don't masturbate with shampoo. You're welcome. The research surrounding the potential benefits of training a muscle at longer lengths definitely peaked my interest, specifically with triceps. Because as you start to increase the weight and do lower repsets, it's inevitable. You're going to flex everything through your lat to your taint to get the weight depth. But if you're a little more thoughtful with your programming, then you could select exercises that not only allow you to train in that length and position, but also make sure that when you fail, it is just the tricep. And you could do this on anything from cables to dumbbells to a barbell. It's all going to work. Check out Henry. He's supposed to be working right now, but that was work bud. And based on that research, I've also changed the way I train biceps as well. Previously, I would train and what I consider the effective range of motion. So not too low because I didn't want to risk any potential injury and not too high because I didn't want to take pressure off the bicep. But I've since changed that because my logic was flawed to say the least. I was the dumbass. I still only contract up to the most difficult part of the movement, not allowing myself to rest at the top, but now I actively force the stretch. Now whether we're causing more growth because we're now forcing that bicep to train at a longer length or maybe because we're changing the range of motion, we're getting more regional hyper-speed, the distal end. I don't fucking know, but I am certain this is the more effective and safer way to train because the evidence shows that you get stronger and whatever range of motion you train with. And I know some people are going to freak out because I used to be the king of parcels. I still do them, but in a stretched position. So it looks like that. Or like that. That's also neat. Spadboy takes forever to charge. Another thing I've been really focusing on is progressive overload. And I know some people are going to say that's... That's your big aha moment. Welcome to what is equivalent to the third grade of Iron Elementary School. Who doesn't know about progressive overload? It has more to do with how methodical I am with my programming. Meaning I now break my training up into blocks. Block one is where I progressively overload with heavier weight, lower rep range, 6 to 10 reps, and I consistently push, try to increase the weight each week. Normally this is where after a period of time people will be slowed. But I also train so I don't kill anybody. So I don't do that. I just increase the volume and drop the weight and just do higher rep sets and overload that way. It gives my doings time to rest, but also it's just a different stimulus. Now if this is something you're going to try to implement into your own training, there's a couple of things I want you to watch out for. The first one having to do with how you fail. You're going to have to fight against your dumb self. As I've been developing the new program, I've been testing it on people and what I found out is they have unique ways of screwing things up. Specifically with those heavier weeks, as they're doing curls and they start to fail. Instead of just letting the bicep fail, they get halfway up, stop, and then hump at the rest of the way. Don't do that. Your goals should be to let the muscle you're trying to target fail, not bounce it off your dick. The second thing is even though you're using progressively heavier and heavier weight, don't sacrifice volume. I've seen the best results by using a hybrid of the two. Bit of an accutane fish baby. People always give me a hard time because they don't just pin it to my shirt. Does that sound good to you? Or does that sound good? It's hard enough to understand me as it is. Just let me hold this little prick. Meaning that when most people train heavy, they do two sets of six. I, on that hand, will do four or five per exercise. And yeah, by that fourth or fifth set, you might have to drop the weight, but your body doesn't know the difference. We're just training this way because it increases mechanical tension. As long as we don't that going into our next workout, then we have something to improve upon. That's all that matters. Lastly, be very careful with your exercise selection. There's some exercises that I just don't do anymore. Like drag curls, which sucks because I still love drag curls. But it's hard to justify when you see studies that look at the growth of the biceps comparing regular bicep curls versus rows, which rows are just a drag curl in an angle. It's not even close. So to recap, if you want to make your training more efficient and actually grow your arms, make sure you select exercises that allow you to train it longer lengths, progress to be overload, but for a period of time until you can't take it anymore. And then instead of deloading, just train with lighter weights and do higher reps. And finally, get rid of shitty exercises like drag curls. Also, the new program drops in exactly two weeks. And I think everybody's gonna love it because you can easily track your weights, the videos loop and make sense. And also, I'm gonna drop consistent content that everybody's been asking for. Like how to properly get your macros or the dues and don'ts with the hormone placement and peptide therapy, whatever you bastards want.

=== FILE: THIS Builds The MOST Muscle (Science-Backed Blueprint For Adding MASS!) [mhBFqwDhOic].txt ===

Have you ever questioned what is the best training split? How much volume do you actually need to grow? Should you train to complete failure or leave a few reps in the tank? This was a bad idea for a shot. How's that tank looking? Can we get more hypertrophy when we change the tempo of our reps? I even hired a research assistant and shaved my balls for this video to make sure that no stone was in turn. You might have seen them on TikTok before correcting Gary Brecker because Gary says some wild shit. Let's start it off at the macro level looking at some of the most common training splits to see if we can identify a clear winner. You got the bros split, ppl, upper lower, full body and then a bunch of other random weird shit. The first thing we need to do to be able to judge the shit out of these is categorized them by frequency because at the end of the day all the training split really is as a way to manage and organize your workouts, that way you can balance animal, signaling, recovery and overall volume. For example, one of the justifications for waiting to train a muscle again is allowing for myalphabular protein synthesis rates to return to baseline before the next workout. Researchers had subjects train a muscle and then stabbed them with a giant biopsy needle like this and found that rates they elevated to roughly 48 hours. The reason we care is that hypertrophy can be dumped all the way down to when myalphabular protein synthesis rates are higher than muscle protein breakdown you're growing. So that's an obvious strike against the bros splitter. Any other split that has you train a body part one time per week because you're waiting roughly 160 hours before you train it again, but before you tell the bros split to go eat a jargon. Because the more you dig into it, you find that, why would you make it taste like flinstone vitamins? You discover that myalphabular protein synthesis rate and duration are influenced by the set volume of the workout. And bros split typically contain a shitload of set so it's probably not as damning as we first thought. For example, this study compared the fractional synthesis rate of one set versus three sets over a period of five to 29 hours. The winner, three sets. Regardless of all that, you might have the same intrusive thought that I did, which is why do we even have to wait for muscle protein synthesis rates to come back to baseline? Why can't we just keep them high the entire time? We might not have to. There's really no research on that. This is from a popular meta analysis comparing low versus high frequency training, which a lot of people use to make the case that high frequency is, in fact, better. And I'll give it to him when you first look at you think, holy hell, what have I been doing my whole life? Idiot. In fact, when I first saw this research, I'd switch to an upper lower split, which if it's good, I'll make a whole program on it, but that's beside the point. Let me soften my response by saying that the person that created this did an incredible job. If you ever try to create a forest plot like this, it makes you want to go play in traffic. The issue is, the more you dig into research, you realize that a lot of the single studies are often corrupted by people that go into the study with an inherent bias. And then meta analysis, often are filled with people that have that inherent bias, and then just find a shitload of studies that prove them right. Everyone's an asshole, and they just want to be right. If we bring back up that meta analysis, it looks like there's 40 freaking studies here, most of which lean towards higher frequency. In reality, this is actually just 13 studies. Nine of those were untrained, four were on untrained, and these are the results of the individual body parts in those studies. If you think that's frustrating, let's just pull out one of the results, hunter female chester comforts, and see what's going on there. You'll never trust anyone again. Turns out that study was with a college weight training class, both female and male participants, where they trained the same exercises either three or four times a week. That's not low versus high. That's high versus high. They also did some classic exercises like behind the neck press, behind the neck pull downs, and good old knee curls. I hate this so much. And the largest statistically significant result was with the female chester conference. The girls who trained the same exercises three times a week, lost 0.7 inches. The girls that trained the same exercises four times a week grew by three inches. I'm sure we're probably thinking the same thing the way they measured these poor women was probably because how else do you get that result? When you strip out all the bullshit and look at studies that are actually comparing low versus high frequency and their volume matched, there is no difference. So this is how I would pick a split if I were you. If you're a little mentally disturbed and you use training as a form of therapy and you only feel good if you beat the shit out of a muscle, then using a bro split or anything to hit some muscle one time a week is the way to go. If your volume is getting out of hand and it's over 20 sets per body part, then it makes sense to split that up over several days. We either do a ppl split where you get to hit at least one and a half times a week or some sort of upper lower split. I'm still not sold on ever doing a full body split because you have to manage recovery. In sufficient rest will lead to an increase in muscle damage and inflammation which will then increase muscle protein breakdown. So it doesn't matter how much you increase your protein synthesis consistently, you're going to probably be breaking down more than your building. On average muscle damage recovery takes anywhere from 4 to 5 days to be able to regain maximal force output, you're looking at 2 to 5 days. Now there is a phenomenon known as the repeated bout effect where muscles have been shown over time to be able to do the same workout and incur less damage. Part of my justification for increasing the frequency in trying an upper lower split. But in terms of a full body split you'd still have to limit the workouts to one set to fill your per body part and most of the general populations not going to see shit from that. If I had to give a general recommendation on splits, I would say that hitting a body part one time a week is perfectly fine as long as your volume doesn't get too high in a single session. If that's the case split it up. If you want to do a higher frequency, you can go all the way to three times a week. But it looks like the optimal range is right at two times a week. And if you want to hit full body, I don't know why you would do that. Seems like a down idea. Easy for you to say you're enhanced. Yes, I've been on TRT since I was a little girl. I did a bunch of shit when I was younger and then about 30, I just switched over to just testosterone in the shitload of peptides because I have a fear of death. testosterone does make life easier. There's a study where they just gave men straight up testosterone and they didn't do shit with them and they grew. Nice. But I still wouldn't choose a less effective split. If you're natural, I would just err on the side of recovery. Not be so rigid with your split. If you need a day off, take it. If you're going to try higher frequency, I would probably back it down to that awkward one and a half times per week. I know that sounds dumb, but this is what that would actually look like. It's pretty good split. So a frequency is overstated in terms of importance than what actually is. Follow you. Are there people out there that respond really well to high intensity? Yes, your men sir, your yades, but you're not one of them. You would have known by now. I'd bet money on the fact that they would respond just as well to high volume. I think one of the more fascinating things is when they look at studies with quote unquote non-responders, the moment they increase their volume past a certain point, they start to respond. So when endowed, increase your volume. So how much do we actually need? It's going to be tough because I would say the research on this is even more confusing. Here's a pretty prominent study that looked at train subjects, which is a good start and they compared six, 18 or 30 sets for biceps and triceps or 9, 27 and 45 for quadriceps and it was split up over three sessions. Mother of fucker. Of the muscles tested, the more you increase the volume, the greater the growth. But when you look at the exercises, I wouldn't consider any of these a good bicep or tricep exercise unless you really screw them up. So maybe we don't need that much volume. But when you look at the quads, I would say all of those are directly correlated to rectum and vassus lateral scro. So maybe we do. When you look at the relationship between set volume and hypertrophy, it follows a diminishing returns curve. Meaning that the results you get from hitting a body part one time a week to hitting it three times a week are extremely different. But as you go up, it starts to level off. So I would say a good general recommendation is start out with ten sets per muscle per week and if you're not seeing results incrementally increase it from there and be smart about it. We all have muscles that respond better than others. So keep that volume consistent and increase it on the ones that are lagging and making you an embarrassment. Also remember that advanced sets like rest-possets are more closely related to doing three sets than the art of one. So you can easily increase your volume by just switching out one of your traditional sets to a rest-poss or drop set. All right. Also check this thing out. I would have burned down a small village for this, but I didn't have to. Facebook marketplace. Another common question is should you be training to complete failure? And yes, that's a new dog we found because people suck. So if you're in the market, she's pretty great. There's no statistical difference for hypertrophy from failure all the way up to three reps and reserve. The problem is most people under-predict amount of reps they have left in the tank by two. So more than likely if you aimed for three you probably had five and you screwed it up. To me, you just feels like you're half-assing the workout. Yeah, it reduces soreness, but I rather manage my recovery in a different way and just take an extra day off and hold ass the workout. It's the same reason I started taking testosterone when I was younger because I had to find a way to decrease my sperm count and get those bastards swimming into circle because I suck it pulling out. That brings up an interesting question that I haven't been able to figure out the answer for her. I asked Brad and he gave me a generic answer on failure. Dan thought I was talking about cluster sets and there isn't one single research paper sent around this one question. Most of us when we train as we get closer to failure we start pausing in-between reps. So good example of this is on leg day when you go down in squat, come back up, you take a breath in between. You squat and you try to get another one, you take two breaths. Sometimes even three wouldn't it be better to not take those pauses and keep a consistent tempo on those transition phases of a rep and just fail faster? I don't know. With the amount of time you save, you can probably add another set to whatever body part you're hitting and that would probably be more beneficial. Again though, I have no clue. Use your little chubby fingers in comment below if you pause as you get closer to failure too. Speaking of tempo, I started testing a three-second e-centric and one-second concentric based upon this meta-analysis I found. Seeing the legit, had a lot of studies backing the recommendations given but turns out it's another good reason not to trust people. The study used to justify a three-second e-centric was done on untrained women. The rationale for one-second explosive concentric, 69 to 76-year-old men. There was an interesting study that was hidden within there though that looked at men training with 50% of their one-ret max with a slower tempo, three-second e-centric, three-second concentric versus men training with 80% of one-ret max with a quicker tempo, one-and-one identical hypertrophy. Again take it with a grain of salt because it was men who didn't have experience with regular exercise training untrained but it does give hope to those of us that are a little bit older and constantly hurting ourselves that maybe we can just back to wait a little bit and adjust the tempo and get similar results. That would be nice. I'm still figuring out the perfect volume, the frequency ratio of the upper lower split. I haven't set up now where you hit everything two times a week but every third week you hit it three times. So far it's been pretty damn good. There's nothing crazier than a full upper body pump. You can barely move. I'll leave a link in the description so you can get notified when that drops. Here's a recap of everything we talked about as well as the cited sources just in case you have trust issues too. Another solid Facebook marketplace purchase. Also another crazy idea I had a sense it's winter and no one's going to see whether you're sure it offers it for your poor wife. What if we did like an eight week bulk and we just turned in a big fat meat balls and got us biggest possible. You guys decide. See to that or the upper lower split. I'm going to go through up now.

=== FILE: TOP 3 Supplements That Help Build Muscle FASTER (YOU NEED THESE!) [ica5WX1lr38].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over the supplements that will actually help you build muscle faster because you can spend a lot of money on things you'll just end up pissing or shutting out and I've done that for years so you don't have to. Let's get after it. Alright, let's start with the most important of all supplements because I've noticed my opinion seems to differ from other people and that's your protein shakes. Honestly, I'm even considered this a supplement to me. This is a damn meal in a bag. It's just as good as a whole food meal if you have a high quality source of protein. And you can tell a lot by where you buy your protein from. So, the count of three, say where you buy it from. One, two, Costco. Now good. And my stance on protein is just by the absolute best. If you're a way drinker, then get away isolate. Don't fall into the casing trap, which I did a lot when I was younger. I wake up in middle and night, horrible pains crawled to the bathroom. My girlfriend would be like, I don't think this is good. And I have to tell her, honey, you don't understand. It's slow digesting. That's why it smells like something died inside my ass. Instead of taking a lower quality protein that digest slowly, take a higher quality one and slow down the digestion by adding a good healthy fat like almond butter. Now vegan proteins are a little bit trickier because most of them taste like dirt. And companies think that vegan means you want me to add goji berries and fava beans, which I fucking don't, but they do it anyways. So, I would still use the same methodology and find an isolate, preferably a fermented pie isolate. Now, when you're going with way or plant based, here's a good test for you. Next time we're at the supplement store, just start turning around jugs to see how many calories are in each because we know that every gram of protein has four calories in it. And companies try to shoot for that 25 grams per scoop mark. So, your cross or your nuts hope in the your favorite brand is as close to 100 calories as possible. That's why it's pretty damn shocking when you turn around muscle milk and you realize, holy shit, there's 160 calories. Only 16 grams of protein in the first ingredient is actually fucking milk. Kind of makes sense why you're a big fat bloated mess in high school. At the end of the day, the most important thing is a good quality high source of protein. So, spend the money on it. You wouldn't go to the grocery store and buy a bunch of baloney and think, got a shitload of protein, I'm good to go. Unless you would, in that case, you're a lost cause. Which brings you to number two on the list, pre-workout supplements. This is part of because I like specific things in mind that I think are really beneficial for muscle building, but also I think it's nice to have a pre-workout routine and ritual you go through that kind of let your body know, okay, it's time to kick your own ass. Now, for me, there's two must-have ingredients. First one, beta alanine. Second, creatine monohydrate. Now, a lot of people argue that the beta alanine is more of an adearned supplement and you have to take it at such high doses to really see effects. But if you watch this channel or maybe you're in the 30-day full gym program, you know, we train with some ridiculously high-repped sets. For instance, one of the leg-day starts out with six sets of leg extensions. First one's 50 reps. The last one's 100 reps. You can kind of guess the in-between. So having a supplement that helps with your endurance, not a bad fucking thing. And creatine monohydrates been around for years. So it's tough to argue against the effectiveness of it. But I will say that most companies rely on putting a shitload of stimulants in their pre-workout to sell you on how great it is. Usually it's a piss-poor formula wrapped in way too much caffeine. So I find it better either to build it yourself or by a non-stimulate version and just add a little caffeine to it. Which brings us to a very important topic? Recovery. I always get questions. What do you take to recover these workouts suck? I hate my life. How do I fix my broken legs? Let me just say I started out as the worst kind of person. I used to take my little jug of glutamine with me everywhere I went. So picture me a high-schooler with little to no muscle with this little jug of glutamine at chilies. That's what I did. Excuse me, waitress, can I have some more water? I need to wash down my glutamine before I eat. It's important. I build muscle. And then for years I just kind of stop taking all recovery basal supplements like BCA's and EAA's because I didn't really see much of a benefit from the fajitas and glutamine I was taking. So I just push into the wayside. Don't recently. No, I won't link it below. Usually little fat thumbs and find it yourself. Why is this so crucial? Ripple Flavin. No, it's because it has a decent amino acid profile. It doesn't spike your insulin. I tested with that continuous glucose monories to always wear and most importantly, it's the only way I drink the amino water I'm supposed to on a daily basis. As we know, you want your muscles to grow. You got to keep hydrated. Now I understand that's the most of not just thing a human being can say is that they don't like the taste of water. But I don't. And the only time I remember to drink it is when I'm pissing brown. So that's not good. Now does it taste like candy? No. But if you're somebody that struggles to get their water in and even those little jugs it say keep going. You only have 110 ounces left. Don't motivate you to drink. This will help. Now what about the rest of this shit? Well, it all falls in the category of I bought it to be more healthy and I forget to take it just about every single day. But if you have the extra cash, I would definitely splurge. You have your multi-vitamin, your megithrees. That just depends on you. That's a great one because if you're far too much kill your wife, that's a good sign you need them. But I've been willing to guess you probably have a cabinet full of this shit. Where'd you get it from? One, two, Costco. If you haven't checked out the new 30 day full gym program, I'll leave that link below. And the Grades program, if you're still stuck at home, that's there too. Same thing. 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. If you need help with your diet, I'd watch this video next. If you want to see what the 30 day programs like, watch that one. But most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: TRAP WORKOUT (This Will FORCE Them To GROW!) [qn4rM-SnFgo].txt ===

All right, today we're taking some old school exercises and in a ridiculous amount of volume and sprinkling in some of my stupid ideas and I guarantee if your traps have been grown, they're going to be forced to after this one. Let's get after it. Filming these videos for the program is inspiring me to create more full workouts because it's nice to make something to give people a different perspective or show if you exercise is here and there, hopefully they can take those and make progress. But when you give them the actual sets and reps, it's glorious because you know if they do it, it's going to ruin their day. You know what they're related to is the guy who makes glitter bombs or people that still those hands on packages, it's like that for fitness. Oh, here you go, but here's a couple of nice exercises. Fuck you. All right, so the first exercise is dead lifts. I added these back in recently because I'm sure just like you and proceed to putting more size on that chest and those delts, constantly working to keep those shoulders back and that posture correct. And I wasn't even halfway through the first set before my traps were like, holy hell. And a lot of that has to do with the way we're going to do them. First thing is we're doing sets of 20. Now is that going to piss off your back? Absolutely. That's why you should do it. I'm going to do this coming week and training your traps on back day. That way you can least feel good about blowing up your back. The second thing is you're going to bring that weight down and tap the floor with each rep, not rest it. Our goal is to keep that trap under tension, the entire set. And really, this is just a way to check in on your form. Make sure you're not a complete screw up. The last thing is use your straps because your traps can put in some serious work unless you're bringing in your groceries from your car. For some reason when you're doing that, they're weaker than shit. All right, next up we got racked hands. And we're going to do them in a way that makes you go lighter, which isn't a bad thing. Because even if you have access to a gym and they amount of weight, you would typically need to do these. It's still a pain in the ass to lug them across the gym. And you're going to be a special kind of prick to sit on your sandcastle plates and watch people fight over the scraps. Keep walking. You don't need these. The most important thing to note here is we're really slowing down the movement doing a three count negative and a three count positive. Everything else still applies. You're going to bring that weight to a complete stop, but don't disengage, keep a static contraction and keep that back safe. And also try to figure out what's the best pin height for you. I air on the side of being a little bit lower, but you could be totally different. Just do it. You feel the best or the worst pain you've ever felt in your entire life. All right, to make sure you're made and lower traps don't feel neglected, we're going to finish up by grabbing some dumbbells and setting up a slight incline. And because we're mentally unwell, we're going to do them as a drop set. The biggest thing on these is keep those shoulders down. This is not like a traditional shrug where your goal is to touch shoulders to ears when it keeps them compressed and pull straight back. I suggest if you catch yourself doing these wrong, just get up looking the mirror and verbally and or physically assault yourself, so it doesn't happen again. I'll be sure to put the sets and reps in the description. Also, if you need help, kick in your own ass. I'll put a link to the program below. If you're new or you haven't seen these videos next, I would watch these, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: The 8 BEST Chest Exercises (DON'T SKIP THESE!) [jxTN5TRSl-U].txt ===

Alright, today we're ranking at top eight chest exercises because everybody else has made one of these videos so why not? Also have a different take because I could care less about strength. I only train for hypertrophy, so if you're getting sick and tired of stuffing your broth full of toilet paper, this'll fix that. Let's get after it. Now understand, some people really need a strong chest because the only way their kids ever gonna be proud of them is that they get invited to show and tell They show up in the wrestling shoes with a fanny pack in the bench 405 for the entire third grade to see But I'd argue it'd be a little bit easier just to go to all their damn t-ball games and just so you know there's no bad exercises on this list only people with bad form that suck at doing these exercises So that's not how I ranked them. I ranked them based on how easy it is for people to have a connection and get results But also go over the things you can do to get even more out of them. I'm already sweating profusely. I need fucking pickle juice number eight Incline barbell dumbbells or even Smith now. I've seen a lot of people say that this severity of the incline makes all the difference But I could give two shits because the reason that people usually prefer dumbbells is the same reason that angle really doesn't matter because when you're using a dumbbell Really promotion put the elbow to 45 degree angle actually flex your chest and actually drive your elbow in on the way up And if you were a retraining buddy in person and how to do an incline at any angle You know what happens first thing they do Elbows go to the ears like they're getting in cold water and they don't want chili nips But if you really start paying attention to what your elbows are doing and actually flexing your chest and driving that elbow in doesn't matter if you're using a barbell Dombells or what the angle the bench is you're gonna get more activation of that chest and less anterior adults part of the reason I sweats so much It's not easy to grease in here the other reason my body knows that I'm a little fat kid at heart and tomorrow's the day I eat nothing but shit So it has to get ready for the fact that I'm gonna wake up and eat fucking Chinese food from breakfast I'm that disgusting number seven coffin presses now I really like this one because unless you have a lot of patrons on one of those other social media sites It's one of those rare times you get to squeeze those cans together and really flex the inner part of your chest But make sure you keep the elbow tucked your side the entire time because the same mistake you can make on an incline by flaring the elbow too high And getting the anterior don't involved you can do here So keep those elbows tucked your side drag them along your body the entire time and really flex those melons number six dumbbell flies and I know You're scared to do these but if you can't get over this fear How you ever gonna put a table up in front of the grocery store and ask perfect strangers to buy two boxes girl scout cookies It's not gonna happen and yeah if you keep your arm perfectly straight You deserve all the bad things are gonna happen to you but we have elbows for a fucking reason and for the people that say these are an efficient because you lose tension after a certain point Easy fix just don't come up as high keep constant tension Do part of the bottom I've also seen somebody recommend holding a rubber band with those dumbbells I carry scissors for people like you number five cable flies now obvious benefit you can hit your chest from every single angle but Even more important than that if you're one of those people that doesn't have a mind muscle connection with your chest Sitting front of this thing for a half hour and start experimenting I guarantee you're gonna walk away with one something I try is just grabbing a single handle and focusing on one side at a time because more often than not One pack has a great connection and the other one does it and it's screwing up for the rest of the team So try to figure out what's going on is that shoulder rolling forward is your trap jumping in Are you not flexing your chest at all because when you focus on one side at a time you can figure it out two is too many Unless you're talking about girl scout cookies It's never enough number six barrel presses Number four barrel presses now these are great for people that piss their pants at the thought of doing dumbbell flies and you still get that horrible Terring feeling you do with the fly and you actually can increase the stretch by opening up the elbow a little bit more than 90 But at the end of the day it's still a press so you get to kick your ass and that old fashioned kind of way Number three machine flies now these are such a winner for me because it doesn't matter what part of your chest You're trying to target you can do it on here and with the inner part of your chest do parcels at the top You want that upper chest just grab higher in those handles you want the lower chest decline movement tilt back This machine is so good that if you want to exercise it look like one of those hybrid fish babies that they advertise in the back Accutane you could do it you could start the movement as a press and as you come up turn it into a fly and then Tilt back and finish it off more of a decline movement it's pretty damn phenomenal fish babies That's a much now at this point in your life your shoulders are basically your surrogate mother They tell you what you can and can't do so the order of these last two might be different for you But let's pretend for a second that your shoulders like your mom don't care what you do because She's too busy at the casino gambling the mortgage away So for me number two has to be decline dumbbell presses because these are hard to screw up even if you flare those elbows out too much You're still gonna get a lot of activation of that chest. I don't think I think of as Actually picking up the dumbbells you could hurt yourself, but in that case you deserve it and number one dips now can a lot of things go wrong Absolutely you can loosen your shoulders your triceps, but for me the risk is worth a reward because nothing tears your chest up like dips do and All you have to remember is just lead with that chest and even if you can't get any Jumping yourself up and fighting that negative will do more for you than 99% of other chest exercises as well So if you haven't got a chance to take out the 30-day full gym program or the garage one just depending on limited you are They both will destroy you 30 days 20 videos 20 bucks. It's pretty damn simple If you haven't watched these two videos I watch those next but most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after you get growing

=== FILE: The BEST Quad Exercises RANKED! (Backed By Science) [COBRiw9W930].txt ===

Someone sent me a video of little Jeff ranking quad exercises. And I thought, that's an interesting video idea. He did a great job, but also it sucked. Because in my experience, it's not just what exercise you do that matters, it's how you do them. For example. Take Sissy squats. If you do know a that most people do, which is leaning too far forward, increasing hip flexion angle, then you have a shriveled to the left little D of an exercise. If you maintain an upright posture the entire time, congratulations you've graduated to a C. Add way to that, solid B. But if you lean back as you ascend shifting the center of gravity, the contraction throughout the quad dress reps, uniformly intensifies throughout the entire range of motion. It's a tan. F***ing tan. So not only are we going to rank exercise, is what I'm going to show you how to take ones that are inherently a dumpster fire and turn them into ones that are not actually that bad. Let's go. Jesus Christ. So this is what I use to judge the effectiveness of quad exercises that I call the triangle of death. Number one, how well does it isolate the quadriceps muscles? Second, how much does it allow you to put them under load at length? The length is the important part. And finally, is this the most biomechanically effective version of the exercise that we can do? So let's start out with a little bit of a controversial one. The squat. Because for me, it's a C. And I know, before you get your foot alumes, I'll bunched up between your butt cheeks. Let me explain why. There are a great exercise in terms of overall leg development. I know people like to play the game. If you only had one exercise for legs, what would you do? Most people choose squat. I myself would probably choose walking weighted lunges, but that's beside the point. It's a dumb game. If you look at the research, you'll see that squats are almost as effective at building your glutes as they are your quads. Hell, this study using a population of well-trained women showed that squats are listed at more glute growth than hip thrust. That is why. The reason this is such a good exercise that targeting both glutes and quads is because there's an even distribution of load across the hip and knee joints. This is due to the equal length of the moment arms that each of those joints. So if we want to target the quadriceps more, we need to look for ways to increase the moment arm of the knee. That's actually pretty easy to do. All we have to do is elevate our heels, create more of an upright posture, and drive our knees out over our toes, and turn this C exercise into a solid B. Hurray. Based upon what you learned so far, you can probably guess how I'm going to rank the Smith squat. The fact that the line of force is on a fixed track allows us to manipulate the knee moment arm as much as we want. This is an A. This is a goddamn A. And you only need one minor adjustment to take this to the S tier. The smeg material. That's elevating your heels because most people don't have the Tibialis anterior strength because they never train them or even just the overall ankle mobility and can't push those knees out over their toes. So with just a little bit of elevation, it takes this right to the S tier. And you don't even need wedges. You can just grab 10s. That's enough. For a lot of people, the leg press is a go-to exercise because of how powerful they feel when they do it. But the reason you feel so powerful is because it's perfectly angled to load your hips. So for me, it's a C. Encounter to popular belief, including my younger self, the width of your stance is nothing in terms of how it targets your quads. Just the wider your go brings in more addoctors. The real game changer is how low you can position your feet. I will actually walk my feet all the way down until I'm just pushing through my toes. As you can see, we've now changed it from a very hip-dometed exercise to the most painful stretch you can possibly have on your quads. Welcome to the dirty Sanchez tier. And before you say, oh my god, it's so bad for your feet. Our people are going to be able to understand what I just said. Did I go to short bus? That was too short bus. Those 26 bones in each foot are highly supported. The planar fascia, which is that fiber is connected to tissue that runs above your foot, has a tensile strength of 7,000 pounds per square inch. That's right up there with concrete. You're done. Some of the best quad exercises require specialty equipment that I don't have. So we're going to have to venture out into the world that's full of obnoxious people. Pendulum squats are a near perfect exercise because they're hard to screw up. Everybody I've forced to do these against their will has thanked me afterwards. That means it could be your first day in the gym. You have no idea what you're doing. You walk up, get on the exercise, S tier. That doesn't mean however we can't make them even better. As you start to walk your feet down, you can see it increases the stretch on those quads. And I know some people are going to freak out. Oh my god, so bad for your knees. Most of the shearing force from any type of squat happens from 60 to 90 degrees. Anything lower than that is compressive forces. And as long as you don't have a preexisting injury, you're fine. Come on. Grow up here. My favorite way to do these, which is again, not for the faint of heart, is to walk my feet down to the bottom, lift my heels up and stretch the shit out of my quads. It's carous. Another beautifully designed piece of equipment is the belt squat. It tries to counteract the fact that most people can't maintain a neutral spine when they squat, either because they have weak glutes, erectress pine a muscles. Whatever the reason, their but-hole wings and fellow gym members. The only issue is that based on the angle of pull, it promotes you sitting back into your hips as you descend, which we know is going to lengthen the moment arm of your hip. We don't want that. So it's in the B category for me. But again, we can make this an S2 exercise very simply. I just walking our feet closer together and up a little bit, maintaining the straight posture. And if you want to get really crazy, throwing something under your heels, it is the most painful version of the squat you will ever do. What's another urban dictionary S term? Hello. Gross terms from the urban dictionary that start with S. Here are some gross or explicit terms from urban dictionary that start with the letter S. Smag. A slang term used as a vulgar substitute for exploits like smagma, the natural lubrication produced by the genitalia. Scaught refers to feces, but in slang it can also refer to sexual activities involving feces, which many find repulsive. These terms are often considered. The Scaught tier. The Hacksquat for me for a long time was my favorite quad exercise. It's since been surpassed and I'll go over which exercise that is at the end of this video. But if you look at it from the side, you can see why, based on everything we've already talked about, moment arms, all that stuff. Any way you do this exercise, it's phenomenal. S. If I want to move a significant amount of weight and finish off my legs at the end of a workout, I will take the typical stance of a little wider than shoulder width and hurt myself that way. If I want to isolate it down to just my quads, I will walk my feet down nice and low. Turn those toes slightly out. And if I want to go full reckless abandonment, I will walk my feet all the way down. Get on my toes and do the Tom Platt style of Hacksquat. It hurts so bad. Now the leg extension is a tricky exercise to rank because some of the machines are great and some are awful. And I've heard this said many times that if you just put the seat back, now you're in a decrease thing. If your hips put more of a stretch on your quads, but at that point we're just making out for a poorly designed piece of equipment. Really good leg extensions give you so much knee flexion that it's just painful to sit in the exercise. That's what we want. So if you're leg extension when your fully stretched feels like you're at 90 degrees, then you have a seat here leg extension. But if it stretches, the shit out of your quads, just sitting here, it's an A. This fucking thing is an A. Holy shit. Let's finish up by going over my number one quad exercise. And it becomes pretty obvious when you see how much you can put your quad at length overloaded. Don't have to worry about too many stabilizing muscles. Don't have to balance. And you can really just focus on one quad at a time. The heel elevated quad dominant Bulgarian Smith split squat or better known as Mother. Fuck. It's long as you maintain an upright posture and drive that knee way out of your toes, you won't find a better exercise. But most importantly, the new program is live. I originally built this for people who had limited time. I don't know. They had a liter of kids or maybe their wife didn't let them outside for extended periods of time. But the amount of research and pain I built into this one program, I have to say this could be the best program yet. It's so good that even if you're not limited by time, I guarantee it's better than whatever stupid workout you're doing now. Every single set has some sort of advanced training technique that makes you die a little bit more inside and obviously puts on muscle. And again, as always, it's only 20 bucks. One time I spent 20 bucks on a lap dance from a lady at Dream Palace and must have got her boobs done a few weeks before because she had to stop halfway through because it gave me a bloody nose. It was like motorboating two kettlebells. I mean, I do it again, but it's a 30 day program with the four days split and each workout takes anywhere from 28 to 32 minutes depending on how slow you shuffle across the gym. And again, it's only 20 bucks. So get an after it.

=== FILE: The BEST Science-Backed Workout Split For FASTER Muscle Growth! (My New Favorite) [nO9_mzqgHKE].txt ===

Recently, I have been making some serious progress from an upper lower split. And I figured you guys would probably want those precious gains as well. So I'll walk you through exactly how I set everything up because it's a little different than most people and it makes all the difference. Or just keep doing what you're doing. I'm sure you're doing great and your mom loves you. Mine took a dirt nap. So I got to keep going. Bottle and all up. The reason I'm so geared up about it is because it's the only change I've made over the last few months. I still take the same micro dose of testosterone, the same peptides, the same supplements. And even with that, the results have been significant. Also, since this happens to fall on an upper day for me, instead of just talking you through it, I figured I'd walk you through the entire workout. But when they're well-seased, don't get hung up on any certain machine I might be using. That's not what's important. It's the structure of the workout itself. I've looked at all the studies comparing low versus high frequency. There's a few that lean towards higher frequency, but when volume is equated, there is no difference. But I think it's due to the fact that I unknowingly increased my volume because of the way I structured the split. Hopefully we can go over this without recreating that infamous bodybuilding.com. Thread where people start arguing in the comments about how many days there are in the week. Because the way I set it up, it's a two days on one day off split that runs continuously, meaning that the first week you're going to hit upper body three times. The second week, lower body three times, the third week, and that means when you look at it on a per week basis, those muscles every third week are going to get a crazy increase of volume because you've added an additional workout. And we're not AI-fused robot slaves yet, so it's probably less about getting more volume within those 168 hours of the week and more about just increasing the volume overall. One thing I forgot to mention is because you're hitting everything at least two times a week, you can buy a specific workouts towards either lagging body parts or just whatever you want. The way I set it up is I have a chest focus up or day. That's what this one is. Where I do an additional exercise for chest and then I alternate that with a back focus. Where I do an additional exercise and sets for back. Another potential explanation of why this split is working so well is that your ability to generate maximum force within a muscle goes down with each sequential set. That means by not doing your typical, let's say 16 sets in a single session and splitting it up and doing 8 sets over two separate sessions, those sets on average will have a higher maximal force output which equates to more mechanical tension. And we all know mechanical tension is king, metabolic stress is a close second and damage. Damage is the equivalent to the first time a woman brings you over to her house and you realize that she has a lot of panties with holes in them. You can't prove that she's a horror, you just have a gut feeling on top of the fact that those holes are eerily similar to the circumference of the average male erect penis so you infer damage has been done. Now normally since I have an additional exercise to play with today this is where I would do some sort of fly movement but today for some reason I feel like my presses are all tits. I don't know if you were feel like that words it's like you're squeezing those fuckers when you press. So I'm going to do an incline press. Real high rep though because it's just me and the dog so if I get stuck I die. Thanks for nothing Pearl. Now there are a couple things that can make or break a split like this. One of which I would categorize as intensity. How many of the sets you did during your work at were taken to either three reps in reserve or even closer to failure? I personally say fuck it and always go to failure but the research says these are the same. The way I built out this gym is I have a list of all my favorite pieces I've used along the way. This one however is not one of them. Bumstick had this on his home gym tour and I thought yeah it looks decent and I know how much you can wrap your upper back around it. Probably perfect for hitting those rhomboids and mid traps and it's phenomenal. There's another piece in here like that. Look at this thing. I just sat on Facebook Marketplace every day waiting for some gram on a die that had this in their garage and I found one. If you look at it and think all that's probably a decent machine. It's the best quad machine I've ever used. You do ballgerians on that thing. Oh my god. It's out your ass. For back I've got one movement where I do a high elbow rope where I'm hitting those mid traps upper back and then I do one that's just lat-focused. The erected spine muscles get hit on actually leg day when I'm doing some sort of glute base RDL or stiff legs. And then again three days from now it's going to be an upper day that's more back focus with an additional exercise usually more lap. I also don't really believe in the premise of junk volume because I've seen a lot of studies where they did a shitload of volume and even indirectly hitting certain muscles for example doing a lot of presses increased across the external area of the triceps but when doing a split like this where you have to hit so many different body parts in this case junk volume would be any set that isn't taken close to failure. Obviously do your warm-up sets and make sure ready for the actual working sets but if you're doing a set and you hit a number and stop because you hit the number you're wasting your life. Next up I'm doing lat pull downs with a V-bar handle it's actually a prime handle. Did you guys know that their lead time is 56 or 57 weeks? How hard is it to weld the same shit over and over again? My Asian guy at MegaMass can get me a machine in a few weeks and he's just one guy. He's a one guy. The nice part about this split is you know you only have a few working sets for each body parts so it's not hard to get amped up and get yourself to push all the way to failure. It's not like you have one of those leg days where you have 20 sets ahead of you and you're like, oh should I really do hacks squats a day or should I just take it easy because you know I had a rough day didn't get all my water in. I also noticed it's really hard to over-train. I'm trying I'm trying to push myself as hard as I can every single set but there's only a few of them so even if they're restpaws or cluster sets wherever they are it doesn't matter I'm still ready to go three days from now. It's going on back there. It's like a fat roll of it's no we're gonna tell me that. Another thing that can screw up this split is your exercise selection. The one thing we know about a muscle is you get more of a stimulus for growth in those deeper ranges of motion that's why you're gonna see similar results from a length impartial to a full range of motion. And no we don't need to get into a pissing match to determine which one is better. That's more dependent on the exercise and whether or not there's active tension through the descending portion of the length tension curve. All I'm really saying is that this portion of the range of motion is a lot less impactful than the deeper portions because it puts those soar commeres at an optimal length and creates the maximum number of crossbridge formations between the mouse and heads in acting binding sites. I've gone too far. Now I like to program an exercise for each head of the delts. And yes I used to be one of those people that believe you didn't need to train your front delts because you get a lot of it during presses that's wrong. Once I started training my realized holy shit that's what gives you that full 3D round look from the side is your front delts tying into your upper chest. So yes you should train them. Why would you not? Oh but I get enough one just to do. I also do all my presses with my elbows tucked in. Doesn't matter if you're doing Smith's shoulder press whatever it is. I bring those elbows in and I get more isolation out of the anterior delts. And I don't know about you but I used to always hurt myself when I did presses with my elbows flared out to the side. Sure there's something to that. Again you don't need this exact machine. You could do the same thing with dumbbells. Just tilt the in and climb back a little bit further. That way it sits on your anterior delts slightly supinate the dumbbell and press. I'm doing three unilateral sets with very little rest in between except for this fucking hardware I'm talking. And then I'll do one set really high rep both at the same time. The reason I went down that glory hole was to show you my thought process and the reason why I select the exercises I do but even I hated that. To simplify it down exercise is need to allow for these two things. The first one being it has to allow for those exaggerated ranges of motion. As much as I like to randomly throw in a weird exercise like a coffin press which could potentially target those inner chest fibers more because other muscles have shown the ability for regional high-perch defeat. We don't have time. We only have a few exercise. We can't waste it on a coffin press. So fuck off. The second part of it is which of those exercises allow you to more effectively load the muscle at those longer legs. So if we use chest as an example, a fly is a great movement but it doesn't allow us to put as much of a load on that peck as a press does. So unless you're doing a chest focused day we have three exercises on that day. I wouldn't do it. Fuck off again. For the lateral head I often find the best thing you could do is just straight set. It allows you to focus in and make sure your form is not screwed up because oftentimes it is. These bastards somehow snuck back into my rear-doubt routine from time to time. It was right after I made that video where I ranked all the best shoulder exercises. I kept playing around with this one and really punching out even further and also turning those hands in even more so you feel like you're pulling away as you're doing it. It's been redeemed. I don't know what I grated it before like a B but low A. The key is don't pull those arms all the way out to the side. Go until you feel that rear-doubt stop contracting and then right before jumps into your traps. Freak out stop. Go back down. Also because we're limited on the number of sets we can do per body part because of the number of muscles we have to train the given day it would make sense to program some advanced sets. My two favorite are one breast posets where you push a set to complete failure take 10 to 15 seconds. Go again to failure at 10 to 15 seconds. Go again. In my variation of cluster sets where you push yourself to again failure but take a very very short rest in between like one deep breath and then go four consecutive times. It sucks very badly. Some people call those myel reps but on those when you fail on the consecutive sets you just stop. With mine you just keep going no matter what. Also I'll probably just never use that term because if you ever seen the guys website. Eikes. Programming for Hyateachievers. First thing it says on his website. Some people call me the goat but you can call me. You know that lady who sells farts and jars on TikTok I bought one and it's sitting there marinating in my cabinet just in case I figure out is a dress. Now I only program one exercise for by steps and for triceps and it changes each time but there are quite a few sets. Six sets each. Sometimes more if you count rest pause drop all that good shit. If you choose the right exercise it's enough. The one thing I've noticed with this type of split is your muscle stay full all the time. It's not like a bros split where you have to wait seven days they had a muscle again and by the time you do your legs look like you've never trained before you have to get two or three exercises in before you're like oh that's not that's not a child's leg that's mine. It's hard to explain if you haven't done it. You'll notice you're a little bit fuller. Now this is an exercise that would rarely program for other people because it's a pain in the deck to get into but it feels great. So I'm going to show you an example of the stretch and then pull into it. Now I'm going to sit here and do six straight sets with very little rest in between 30, 45 seconds because your arms don't need it which means you're probably going to end up dropping the weight which is fine. What was that so hard? Recently I got seriously into forearm training as you can see. So what I do is one of my off days I would actually train forearms and abs. It's still considered an off day. There's such a low systemic fatigue that it doesn't really matter. It's the same as sitting on your hand and giving yourself the stranger. It's not going to make a difference. It'll grow your forearms but it's not going to affect the rest of your workouts. Otherwise there's just not enough time to get those precious forearm gains and I need them because for a long time I had a little dick risk. They're actually starting to grow. Since the bench is already here I just flipped around them switching to an easy bar and going from close grip to white grip. I think it does very little in terms of long head short head. I just look at more as a mechanical drop. It's harder to do the close grip so you start with that and then you go into the white grip. Here is the exact workout we did today. Also the new upper lower split is live within the app and it is the best thing I've ever done. And I've saved the lady's life in a restaurant. It was choking on a piece of steak. I mean she was older and probably just looking for a way out and I stole that from her but either way this is my greatest accomplishment. It's a six week program but with equipment that everybody has access to if you go to a gym even a planet fitness you have everything you need to get the job done and I guarantee you'll like it. If you don't go through the whole program email me after you're done and say fuck you and I'll give you your money back. I highly down it though because it's a culmination of everything I've learned up to this point and it is fucking glorious. So click the link in the description. Get after it and get growing. And I said that one in a while that's weird.

=== FILE: The BEST Shoulder Workout (DON'T SKIP THIS!) [qWcgdlaJ-tQ].txt ===

Alright, today we're hitting shoulders in one of the most painful ways possible. Giant sets. Originally through this in the last couple workouts, I am been this sort of long time. And I know, soreness is not 100% indication of growth, but it sure is how let you know that you're not half-ass in any more. Let's get after it. There are several ways you can do giant sets. It's really just four exercises back, the back, the back, the back, the back. You can hit just different muscles. You can focus on the same muscle group and hit it in different areas, or if you're sadistic like me, you can single out one muscle and just destroy it. So what we're going to do is set up a separate giant set for front side and rear delts, all really high reps, three sets of each. This is going to hurt. I recently did this with legs and somebody came up halfway through and they're like, hey, I love your channel and I was just toast. I just looked at them. I had no idea. I was out of it. We're starting over that lateral head. So we're going to go heavy parses at the bottom movement, regular side ladders and then parses at the top of the movement, then hop it over here. And then we're going to do a wide grip upright row. So if you're playing along at home, let's run through these, the parses at the bottom of the movement, don't treat it like a side lad or you're cutting in half because I don't want that same movement on what they've been with your elbows. Straighten those arms out. Once you feel like you're just locking those elbows out and pushing those demos away from you and letting that lateral head when it's done flexing, that stops the contraction. You shouldn't go any higher, shouldn't force up anymore. The traditional side ladders are really about preference. Just try to find what you connect with the most. For me, I tilt that head for a little bit, bring those traps out of it, and bring those demos in front away. I can pull them up a little bit more and pull back just to hear as I'm coming up. Just have a better connection with those. Where the parses are the top, there's a couple ways you can do these. I just chose to make the top of the movement parallel, drop a little lower, and then flex it back out. Make sure not bouncing it back up, but by this point, you're probably going to be bouncing. With the Delphocus upright rows, make sure you grab wide enough so you're not pulling into those traps. Make sure the hands are nice and wide, pulling up. The elbows should be a perfect right angle. Then I also find tilting a little bit forward. We'll help keep it out of those traps as well. Find the next giant sets for rear delts. Starting out with the standing bent over rear delphly, and a more of an isolated line rear delphly, then a tilted rotation, and then most underutilized barbell exercise for rear delts there is. So if you're still playing along and you haven't quit because you pissed a little blood or you threw up this morning's mid-griddle, let me go over the exercises. So with the standing rear delphly, the same thing applies that did to the standing regular side laterals, just do what you feel the most. I would play around with your grip, go from neutral, pronated, even supinated, sometimes as a great connection to it. Also the path, some people feel great just going right out to the side. Some people need to change that arc and come out and then wrap around their body a little bit. With the lying part, so for the rear delts, big note there is make sure you tilt that head forward as you're laying down. Don't arch that neck back and flex those traps. That'll make them take over the entire movement. For those tilted rotations, make sure you keep it fairly light because you want to be able to drive that force into your rear delts. So tucking those elbows into your side, touch those hands together, and then rotate them around and let that rear delts pull the way around. And you're going to have a similar thought process with that barbell movement. Trying to keep that back nice and flat and feel like those rear delts are pulling that bar up and over your ass. If you got a fan ass like I do, good luck. Do you made it this far in the workout? Congratulations. You're pretty sick human being. You're way beyond the point of being blood. You should be pissing all sorts of different colors by this point. And that's not even a joke. One of the few jobs I had was that the supplements door because obviously I'm unemployable. Nobody should ever hire me. And I was sitting there with some kid came in and he goes, hey, I bought this like two weeks ago. And you know, a week ago, I was like pissing blood. That wasn't too worried. But recently, I sort of piss in rainbow colors. You think I should stop taking it? So let me get this straight. You peed blood. That wasn't a red flag. But when you started pissing what appeared to be a bowl of fruit loops, that bothered you. All right, all we got left is front delts. We're going to hop on the cable machine, doing front raises with the rope attachment, and then grab a plate, doing rotations, raises, presses. After this, if your parents aren't proud of you, then never will be. First thing, those front raises of the rope, I find it better just to tilt the little forward. If you're straight up and down, by the time you get your legs, let's just want to jump in, flex and just take over the movement. So tilt the little forward, it'll keep in those anterior delts. With the rotations about the halfway point, I try to have that arm take over the entire movement. Sometimes even drop my arm on that and just let that arm control the entire thing, hold the weight a second, then grab the other hand underneath, pick it up, and then that one takes over the movement. I just find it puts a lot more pressure on those delts and really just burns them out a lot quicker. I'm trying to isolate as much anterior delts as possible, so grabbing really low on their hands close together and trying to keep those elbows tucked in, so it's more of the anterior delts, less of that lateral head jumping in. With the presses, you're just trying to force as much of the lettuce possible. So I find that tilting a little forward and driving those elbows back a little further, getting closer to a lockout, is going to push so much more blood in there. If you liked that, here's another video in shoulders. Also just another one of my favorites. Most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after get growing. Dr. Jesu.

=== FILE: The BEST Shoulder Workout (Sets and Reps) [wpjJlwW2gZc].txt ===

All right, today we're going to go over what's probably going to be the most intense shoulder workout you've ever done because I made two changes recently. This made a huge difference. So I figured I'd share that with you. And yeah, leave the stats and reps in the description. So you don't freak out. Let's get after it. So the first change I made was to get rid of that traditional split four to five exercises where you're doing three to four sets each because I caught myself Dreding that for sometimes even that third set that same anxiety you got when you were kid and whatever grade that was where you teach your slap that time and multiplication test on your desk. And you just looked at her like you I thought we had a deal. You were gonna outmeas the dumbest kid in class and I was gonna keep feeding your ravenous diabetes by bringing your fruit every day But you're fucked it up. So what I've been doing instead of setting up shopping a bench like this grabbing some dumbbells and then doing one sometimes two sets if I really like the exercise And then take very little rest in between and go right to the next exercise Allow me to get five sometimes even six exercises in in a ten minute period and then I do that same thing on cables and then with a barbell as well And not confining myself to hitting one specific head because before I would say okay, I'm hitting weird doubts I got to do four sets or I'm going to hell now I jump back and forth between all the heads Maybe do one set in the anterior adults two sets for the lateral head one for posterior back to the anterior adult Really just focusing on taking as little rest as possible and causing as much pain as I can handle and the second major change I made was basically saying Screw it. I'm just gonna do it feels the best that means pulling out PT exercises doing some movements that people will consider dangerous But I use such lightweight that if you hurt yourself doing some of these movements It was bound to happen you're gonna be a light one day trying to turn left and your shoulder's gonna explode So blame your shitty genetics so make sure I least include one or two reps of each exercise So you don't understand what they all I'm talking about in the description, but I want to least break down one fully So you really get my thought process so for this one you're putting them back in a 45 degree angle and if you ever done Rear doubt flies on the machine and really focus on that initial part of the interaction You know how easy it is connect with those weird adults because when that delts in a stretched position It's really easy to fire it and all we're doing here is exaggerating that stretch even more and then contracting out for the arm is straight out in front of you So yeah, it's a real small range of motion, but it's a great stretch and even better connection But I understand if you're nervous those little babies get even smaller thinking about that shoulder being turned in like that because it hands-pronated down So if that makes you uncomfortable just supinate that rest treat like a modified team and make sure pulling with that rear-doubt and it's just as good So if you saw some of those movements in the gear started turning your head and you got excited to train shoulders again You want to take some of those concepts over to cables because even if you're a perpetual screw-rupper of shoulder movements and everything you do jumps into your traps You're gonna find that cables not only allow you really explore the limitations your own biomechanics, but also do some fun and innovative movements And you have to worry about having a great connection because that constant tension makes it easy for instance If you're an avid Arnold Presser, you know that the press itself isn't what gives you that horrible burning sensation that makes you want to kick the person next to you right in the Is the rotation you do as you press it up so why not just focus and isolate down just the rotation part of the movement by grabbing the cable and rotating that shoulder back But by all means if you want to keep that press in there just rotate it back Drive it straight up nice control even though it's lightweight and the tent is pulling you forward Just to stabilize that shoulder and flex against that tension It's gonna give you a horrible pump, but the biggest takeaway I wanted you to have is next time you go to hit cables Know that every little tweak you make is a completely different exercise So say you're hitting rear delts and that palms parallel out of the floor try to drop it to 45 degrees See if you get a better connection that way or drop it completely by your side Probably never done it that way, but you're gonna get a great connection just pulling straight back hitting that rear delt Or even try to supinate that palm as you come back open up that shoulder You're probably gonna get even better connection doing that and yeah You get a lot of dirty looks from people, but based upon a law of thermodynamics that no energy is created nor is it destroyed as your shoulders are getting bigger They're getting smaller so you win So if you feel like that traditional way of training shoulders isn't working for you anymore Just to crease the number of sets you're doing and increasing number of exercises and get a little creative with some of the movements Even if you feel like that one's not working great for me All you do is simply change the angle or just open up that shoulder by supinating that palm and that might be the best exercise That you should have been doing along the long-f*** time ago and one more thing I want to leave you with when you're training shoulders if you stop thinking about driving the weight up and you start thinking about Okay, what head of that belt? I want to use to pull the weight up. It's gonna transform the way you train them And if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program I'll leave a link in the description It's 20 videos is 20 bucks if you can't afford that You're one handy away and here's two of my other favorite shoulder videos So if you haven't watched those watch those next but most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after a get growing Talk to you soon

=== FILE: The Even More PERFECT LEG WORKOUT (You Need To See This!!) [f0DZ9D62ue0].txt ===

Today we're hitting legs and because I've been doing something different, we should probably go over it. Now in the past, I would split up quads and hams that had their own separate day, throw a little glutes and calves and with them. But recently I've been fusing it all together and went along to disgusting horrible workout and it's worked. And just so you know, for me, it's not about just doing a bunch of compound exercises. I still believe you have to isolate it down the muscle you're trying to hit and kind of target each muscle as you go. We'll go over that more and then this is the exact workout that I just did. So why not do it again and really screw yourself up. So if you want to play along at home, let's get after it. Alright, so we're starting with walking line just because I don't know about you, but for me, with my knees are cold, crunchy, that awful feeling. I'm no good. I'm useless. I basically don't want to move any weight whatsoever, but when you get warm, I feel like a f***ing horse. If anybody gets to close me, I'll kick them in the face. But the one thing I want you to make sure you don't do is use all these walking lungesets as warmups. The first one, absolutely. It's body weight. It just means you need to just really grease up those knees, grease up those quads till you fill in your plums a little bit. And then from there, you're adding weight and those are working sets. So you shouldn't be skipping into the next exercise. You should be dragging yourself to it and dreading it. And the way I'm going to do lunges by slightly leaning forward, making them a little more quad dominant. Because the way I structure the day, it's going to be more quad movements first. It gets into glutes, then hamstring, stitches of the calves. Because for me, it's a lot harder to talk yourself into the hackscoats at the end of the day. And then in the beginning, it's just getting it over with. It sucks to finish with. Alright, next up we got two versions of hacksquad. Both of them very quad dominant. Now the first one is just traditional hacksquads. But what you're going to do is walk those feet as far down as you can with that letting those heels come up. And they're going to walk them in and make a V with them. What they're going to do is just put more pressure on those quads. And they're really emphasize it. You go all the way down three quarters of the way up. So it's killer. Fifteen reps there. Three working sets. And then from there, you're going to walk your feet all the way together to the point where they're touching. And then as you go up and down, I want you to drive your knees together. It's going to put more pressure on the outer quad, the vases later Alice. And to really screw up your life, grab something like a foam roller or just roll up a mat and put it behind you. Because what you want to do is actually take your shoulders out from underneath it and put it a little bit lower than your rear doubts. That way you lean forward even more. And there's more pressure on your quads. And the beautiful thing is even the economy tanks. You're halfway to a new money making skill because you're going to just squat your ass down to the floor. Now you just need to learn how to pick up a dollar with those butt cheeks. Next up we're doing lay first. Now this may seem like I'm just hopping into a compound mode trying to hit everything. But I'm not. I'm actually specifically trying to hit glutes. Now yeah, you're going to fill your quads jump in because they're just lit up from the exercise before. But if you did hack squats correctly and you push yourself as hard as you should of, at a certain point your quads are going to be like, fucking I'm out. Then everything left to give. And it should start to pull on those glutes and to really emphasize even more, we're going to go all the way down and then halfway up. Truly put even more tension on those glutes. And if anything take those quads out of it, they're still going to burn. But at a certain point you're going to get those glutes really jump in and fire and have to pull the weight off the bottom. One more thing to make sure your laser focus on those glutes is put those feet as wide as possible. Turn those toes out and it's fun at the hangout the edge a little bit. But the most important thing is actually drive those knees out the entire time. So I had somebody reach out recently and asked if I do any weird or quote unquote girly exercises. How you deal with it because they're getting a lot of shit. I think if you give any words of wisdom I would say, fuck them. Those at mine don't matter and those at matter don't mind. If I have to do some sort of weird or uncomfortable exercise and it gets me the result I want, I'm going to do it. Now I'm not going to make eye contact with anybody. I think you should avoid that at all costs. But don't be afraid to do the actual exercise. I mean the reason that women use these all the time is because they fucking work. So we're going to pair this up with hip abduction and it's going to be killer. And have you ever seen the machine in the glutei at her? I'll link to it below. I'm not affiliated with this guy anyway, but I think he's brilliant and understands by mechanics perfectly because mostly the abduction machines. I mean they might lean you back to my lean you forward, but at the end of the day, it's not the right path for hip abduction because what the glutei it does is instead of just going straight out. It starts to go out and then it opens you down and back and it's the perfect way to really flex those glutes. So we're going to mimic that same motion by getting our body involved by leaning forward to the negative and doing the contraction. You're going to lean back and try to create that same movement of opening those hips down and back. Look. I think it's up to the line later. Now if you can do the whole stack on here, I think you're doing something wrong. For me, I'm doing 20 reps, but I might not get above 50 pounds. It's like the fourth pin in. It's not very much weight. So if you're somebody who can just crank it up and down, probably doing something wrong. The first thing I would look at is how much you're isolating those hamstrings. For me, the first thing I look at for most people is their feet. Now most people do like a dorsiflexion when they're going to put their toes to their shins because they want to just grip and rip it like they're 16. Not the best way to do it. For me, I point those toes away, planar flexion to really just start the flexion in your cast, but then it just makes a harder contraction those hamstrings overall. From there, all you have to do is find the right range of motion to really keep it in the hamstrings. But that's a better way to do it. Planner flexion and then start the flex from there. Next thing is you've got to watch those hips. Most people when they get a little tired on these or if they're trying to use too much weight, those hips will just drive straight up. What you want to do is force them into the pad and take those glutes completely out of the movement. So push those hips down and keep it isolated just to those hamstrings. You shouldn't see those hips drive up at all if they do, you fucked up. And the last thing is how you hold on the machine. If you're too focused on just gripping it, throwing that weight up, you guys you can jump over the hamstring completely. So what I want you to do, is take those hands off of it. Put that pressure onto your forearms and as you start to contract up, lean back with those shoulders. That's going to help you push those hips in the pad even more and really just isolated down to those hamstrings. Our last one, I'll let you see the calf race. Now at this point of workout, I was spent. Not yet because it's not that easy to go through the workout again, but trust me, I'll collect shit by this point. And what I did is just do the shoulder different variations and just stay here for about eight to ten minutes, knowing that I was going to hit calf again on a different range, just pair them up with something else. So the first thing I did is you let it work. I turned that foot in, out, pronate that foot, supinated it. Just try to put tension on that calf in different ways. And anybody that says that that doesn't matter, I don't buy it because you can put your foot on the ground right now and pronate that foot. And you can see the outside of that calf flex is more or supinated. And you can really hit the inside of that calf. So yeah, it absolutely matters. And then last but not least, in finished by burning out the anterior tibialis, put those heels on the back of it nice deep stretch and then just wrap it out. All right, so as always, whatever. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon. Who? Today I came prepared. Use that bring a little bit of water with me. Today I brought the fuck my life emergency fund.

=== FILE: The Fastest Way To Build A MASSIVE Upper Chest! (We Were WRONG) [hQ_K2rKSMjw].txt ===

I've looked through all the research run in the upper pack and I've realized we've been training our chest wrong this entire time. Check this out. Everyone from Jeff to your friendly neighborhood exercise scientist to really anybody who has ever made content about the upper chest to fix it being either a quarter or a third of the size of your chest. But the problem is that's not correct. Exhibit A, couldavers of the pectoralis major that show us that the collicler had might actually be a lot smaller than we previously thought. Now I understand that most couldavers are dehydrated old people that look like one of those Tony's pizzas that you've forgotten the oven because you got too high so it might not be a good representation of what the actual chest looks like. But we can also look up MR images of a healthy pectoralis major and see that the clove clear head is so small it pisses you off. It's important to understand that the collicler had only originates on the medial half of the cleft. Some people will show it connecting all the way down to the maneuvering but that's not that's your sternal costal hand. If we bring back up the Omega level chest of Franco Colombo and repaint that thing by numbers correctly even though it looks like there's a clear upper and lower half what most people fail to realize is that sternal costal head has actually made up of six sometimes seven individual segments. That's what we're looking at here. That much development. And if we zoom in you can see his upper chest is actually right there. Here's a fun little exercise you can do to yourself. Touch your neck vagina, your jugular notch, go up on one side and find the peak from their draw straight line to right above your armpit that makes up the inferior fibers of your cloveicular head. Now half your clavicle and go down on that same path that's the superior fibers. And now you should be fucking disappointed. Okay so the upper chest is predominantly superior fibers of the sternal costal head. But the real question is does that affect how we train it? And I think the answer is yeah because it's not just random youtubers that got this wrong. Some researchers did as well. Like this one which is fairly significant because this one that a lot of people cite when they give their recommendations on how to grow the upper chest. It concluded that the best way to target the clavicular head, the upper pack was to set a bench up at 30 degrees and press with your elbows at 45 degrees. Which you might have heard of before because everybody says that. Also everybody's upper chest sucks. So there's that. The only issue is if you look at where they place the electrodes knowing what you know about the origin and insertion, they fucking missed. So oops. Now by all means if your chest is growing then keep doing what you're doing. Mine on the other hand always sucked and never grew. So for me this newfound understanding changed the way I train my upper chest. And pairing that with the increased range of motion I got from focusing on retracting my scabs with every single movement actually got it to grow. And by no means is my chest now huge but you have to understand I have zero chest genetics. This is me as a kid. There is no chest. It's all nipples and they're not even good. They're like others. Let me show them. So one of the things I've changed in regards to targeting the sternal costal head is that previously I would max the bench height out at 30 degrees and keep my elbows at 45 degrees because that's what I read. But now that we know that the upper pack is actually mostly attached to the sternum, when I train upper chest, I'll go as high as 60 degrees sometimes. And not worry about the anterior adult jumping in because that's more dependent on your ability to retract your scabs and move those shoulders out of the way. Most of your upper titty meat is just these superior segments of the sternal costal head. And I treat it as such. That means not pressing with my elbows at 45 degrees but actually abducting as I go to the eccentric and then adducting as I contract up. I've also changed the way I train my calivic that are head as well because even though it's small and stupid, if you take a look at your grandma's dead body that you thought would be a good idea to donate to science, not knowing they would hack her up in the little pieces and test the 18 muscle sub regions that cross the glental humoral joint, finding that the calivic at her head outpaces the anterior adult pretty much the entire time you take your arm through flexion means that an exercise like this, as dumb as it looks, is great for targeting that head and has made it into my rotation. Even though it feels real stupid. That also means when I'm pressing on an incline but not trying to target those superior sternal costal segments and want to hit my calculator head, I will keep my elbows as close as I can to my body to make it a flexion dominant press. Because the anterior adult can create the most leverage when pressing in the scapular plane. So when people press with their elbows at 45 degrees and then complain that they feel it on their delt, no shit. That's going to happen. So the big takeaways. Number one, most of your upper pack is actually attached to your sternum and maneuvering and as part of your sternal costal head. So don't be afraid to increase the angle of the bench and abductor elbows to create the most length on that head. Number two, the clovecitor head albeit small and stupid is best targeted when taking that arm through flexion. So you can do that dumb exercise. I showed you or just make all of your presses flexion dominant press. And that's it. Once you start doing those two things, your upper chest will suck a hell of a lot less. And if you're one of those people that think you've gotten a lot bigger in a short period of time, it's increased frequency. You want a program that does that. Get the upper lower program. It is rough. There's a garage one as well. Just in case you live at home with your mom. Yeah.

=== FILE: The Importance of CHEAT MEALS For FAT LOSS (You NEED To Do It This Way!) [3QAB4ajHhVU].txt ===

Alright today we're going over the importance of the cheat mill. Now I had some people comment on that poll and say, don't cover this. Just gonna give people an excuse to continue to eat crap, but here's my rebel that. If I could show you a way to eat like an asshole, every once in a while, and still get the same, maybe even better results, when you want to do it, because the truth is deep down the side, we're all little fat kids. And if this be rolled, and I'm gonna shoot of these donuts right now, it doesn't give you a chubby, we can't be friends. Now by all means, if you wanna go to the hardcore route and never cheat on your diet, where it is a bad job honor, it works, I've done it, but the problem is, it's not sustainable, and now that I argue, it's not a healthy way to go through life. And I'll tell you the exact moment I realize this. I was in the midst of a horrible diet, getting ready for a show. I thought I was doing a good job managing my anger from being so hungry. Until one day I was driving, got in the turning lane, and I was starting to turn the left, and I realized the person that left turning lane, the street I was turning on, happened to let their car drift a little bit forward in that crosswalk. For some reason, this enraged me. I went double birds, drove the car with my knee, screamed at the top of my lungs, you f***, it was a little 95-year-old white-haired lady. She probably tried to stop the car, just didn't have the strength to. I'm assuming she only lived another five days and died wondering what the hell she did wrong. Not too proud of that one. So the best way I found it in a great sheet of meals is by staying perfect on your diet, not messing up in the slightest, whether you're falling macros, or even a very structured plan to know exactly what you have to eat during each meal, and you lock it up. And then once a week, you schedule a day and a time where you're going to eat your face off. And then from there, it's just about tracking your results to whatever extent you're comfortable with, whether you're using the scale, calipers, taking measurements, because as long as you're making progress, you can do this forever. And the way I've kind of framed it with clients in the past is, we're letting go of that victim mentality of having a slow metabolism, and we're training your body and telling your metabolism exactly what to do. Because anybody who's done this for a long period of time can attest to your body gets more efficient. And then eventually you can have two cheap meals a week, or an entire cheat day. And to make sure I'm perfectly clear on this, the only way this works is if you're running a deficit on those days you're perfect on your diet. If you try to do this while you're bulking, you're just going to get fat. Because I know I'm going to get this in the comments. Can you still put on muscle while being in a deficit? Yes. Yes you can. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Do me a favor, leave a comment of your favorite cheat meal, because even in the written form, still a genre of food borne. Get after a good grown talk to you soon.

=== FILE: The KEY To Fixing Your Lower Chest & Getting More Pec Development [bpHbpSzvYn0].txt ===

Our today we're hitting lower chest, but to make sure on the same page, if your body fat is 20% above, that's not a development issue. Those are tits. Now, don't get discouraged or frustrated because when I get too chubby, I get those two. For the most part, simple fix. Lock down your diet, drop that body fat, good to go. But today we're talking about developing that lower pack, getting more fullness, more size. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So the name of the game today is really make it sure the most intense part of the contraction happens in the lower part of your chest. And they illustrate this. If you just take your arm out straight and try to flex that chest, you'll notice the higher you go, the harder it doesn't engage that lower part of your pack to a point when you go too high, you can't even flex it at all. So if we just need to keep that in mind and everything we do today, and on top of that, any chance you get, I suggest holding onto that pack to make sure you're engaging properly. I know, you're going to look like an asshole, but welcome to the club. One of the best ways to narrow down the contraction to the lower part of your chest is to send up a cable directly to your side and doing a low cable crossover, but with a limited range of motion. Benefit there is this a lot of hurt for those secondary muscles to jump in and take over the movement. And all you have to focus on is really tweaking your form and getting more out of the contraction. And the best ways to do that are by slowing down the contraction to a point where you're just flexing across your body, making sure that your chest stops the contraction itself. You're not coming past that chest because then your anterior dealt will jump in. And then also turning that wrist towards the ceiling as much as possible. That's going to drive your elbow in and contract that lower pack even more. So there's actually this phenomenal machine for lower chest development, but it's a fucking unicorn. I've seen that two gyms of my entire life because what it is is a pectech fly that keeps your elbow to right angle the entire time. But instead of coming across your body, X comes down at that perfect angle to really hit that decline that lower part of your chest. But good news is we can do the poor man version. So the way we're going to do this is instead of grabbing on the handle, you're just going to wrap it around your body, set that handle right in your bicep, and make sure you're leading the contraction with your elbow. That hand doesn't do anything. All that pressure and the contraction actually comes from driving that elbow around. Now a couple of things to note on this. The first thing, you're going to sit nice and far forward on that pad so you can lean back, create that perfect angle. Second thing, nice and light. Twenty reps, you're going to keep that shoulder nice and safe. And third thing, I would do it unilaterally. That way you can really focus on the contraction, hold that chest like an asshole. So for those of you who are still stuck at home with no equipment whatsoever, this is a great way to target that lower chest. So to be able to do this push-up dip hybrid, all you need is a little bit of elevation, like your couch. And the key here is to make sure you keep that chest out in front, those shoulder stay back so those anterior delts don't eat the entire movement. So the way you're going to do this is by stretching that chest at the bottom, exaggerating that stretch and then as you drive up, you drive to the side, contract up, twist, and leave that chest flex at the top. Now I would do this unilaterally. You really focus on one side of the time, and you're getting a nice rhythm, and make sure you keep that connection that lower part of your chest. Hopefully that makes sense because that was a really shitty exercise to try to explain. I feel like I was telling you to do 75 things at once and try not to fart in public. Just watch the... As always, like subscribe to the notification bell, which apparently get hit a few times. Leave a comment in the video next, and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: The Most UNDERRATED Supplement! [RCDHidA6Ko4].txt ===

I feel like the more I scroll, the Dummer I get. From all the horrible advice, and I was the puppy, right? And my feet ankles, so new. To baby heads, ridiculous puns. Ocean spray, your ocean cray, z- To, I don't care what you say. Whatever this is, this is my favorite. I don't keep for a hamburger bun. I have been bugging my wife all day with that. Look if a hamburger bun? I think that's why I feel so obligated spending days researching for each video because I want you to walk away understanding the science behind it, but also how you can apply it to make your training nutrition whatever better. So with that, let's dive into the science of hydration. I don't know about you, but I sweat profusely throughout the day. First thing in the morning, I get up and land of this giant ass red light pan. I also sit in the sauna and bake my chubby self for about 20 minutes. Then at some point in the day, I train, where by the end of it, I always end up looking like I pissed my pants from the back. Hell, I even have tumblr blogs that are dedicated to my pitstakes. And I'm sure you're just sitting there thinking, okay, cool story, but shut up and drink more water and you'll be fine, you're wrong. And for years, I thought the same thing. I would drag around a gallon of water like this and just chug it throughout the day because I thought water in equals water out. I'm probably pretty good. Nope, wrong. Damn it. That was a tough bottle. Here's the way you can test this yourself. Go to your closet and grab one of your favorite hats. You're gonna notice there's a nice little white ring around it, that's sodium. So obviously, we can't just rehydrate with water alone. And in fact, water alone could potentially be making you even more dehydrated. We've all heard that story of a girl who drank an entire gallon of water to bar one night and succeeded, but died. Let me explain to you exactly what happened. Chad GBT made me a drawing that illustrates the relationship between the ICF and ECF. What the f*** is that? All right, I guess we're doing this the hard way where I gotta make these stupid graphics and resolve. Roughly 60% of your body mass is water, depending on how husky you are. Fat holds considerably less water than muscle. Of that 60%, a third of it is extra cellular fluid, which we can categorize even further, 80% being interstitial, which just means between the cells and the rating 20% plasma, or said, plainly the liquid component of your blood. The remaining two thirds of that 60% is interest cellular, the fluid inside your cells, which is kind of wild when you think about it. Now, this is where it gets tricky. When you start comparing the interest cellular to extra cellular fluid, notice they have a different composition of electrolyte. At this point, they're obviously not electrolytes. They're ions, cat ions, and anions. I know, I'm just trying to make it so you don't get confused. The question really is, since they are so different, how do we hydrate in a way that doesn't screw up these concentrations? The answer lies in the fact that the extra cellular fluid dictates what happens to the interest cellular fluid. In the example of the girl who chugged a gallon of water and took a dirt nap, what happened was she diluter ECF to the point that her cells try to pull and water to regain the proper concentrations, but your cells, specifically the ones in your brain, don't appreciate swelling, I.E. Now, to a smaller extent, this is what can happen when you hydrate with just water alone. Now, the cool part about this is this isn't something you just have to guess. You can calculate this yourself by looking at your last blood panel and getting your glucose number, your B-U-N, blooduria, nitrogen, and your sodium, and use it to calculate your serum osmolarity, which is just the composition of solutes in your blood, your hydration status. If we take my most recent blood work and plug it into a calculator online because I'm not doing the math because math, you'll notice that depending on the reference range, I'm either at the bottom end or below it, which again means I'm drinking too much plain water, which is diluting my ECF, which is causing my cells to pull and water and causing my life to fall apart. Now, to fix this problem, we need to break it up into two separate parts because they require very different strategies. How you hydrate yourself throughout the day, and how you hydrate yourself in or around your workout. Let's start out with the more difficult of the two, what you should be doing around your training. In a perfect world, you would create an electrolyte solution that is isotonic to your extracellular fluid. Ensuring there is no net fluid movement in or out of your cells, maintaining proper cellular hydration, and still supplying those cells with the obvious potassium and magnesium that you put in the goddamn solution. But in practice, it's a lot harder to do because it ends up being really concentrated and you run into a lot of GI issues. So when you go to the hospital when you're dehydrated, they give you an isotonic IV because if they try to make you drink the solution, you would piss most of it out of your ass. And I've seen people try to solve this problem by taking a teaspoon of salt before they train, but there's several problems with it. The first one being, that's just sodium chloride. And while it's good, you've got a couple of electrolytes in there to be optimal, you need a couple more. The second issue is that water moves towards higher concentrations of sodium. So what does it look like when water gets pulled into your GI tract? It looks like two a.m. talk about. I think the best way to look at it is simple as it sounds is looking at what you secrete while you sweat, as well as in what amounts and replenish that. For every leader of sweat, you lose anywhere from 0.5 to 2 grams of sodium, a little bit higher of chloride, 100 to 500 milligrams of potassium, which is mostly lost through urine, post training, and 25 to 100 milligrams of magnesium. And you can easily track how much fluid and sweat you've lost just by weighing yourself pre and post training. I actually wasted a small sum of money on a sensor, just to see how many electrolytes I was losing while I trained. It's set around 1100, who knows how accurate that is, or whether that was all sodium? I don't know. I don't really trust it, but I thought it would be useful for this video, it was not. So here's exactly what I do. For electrolytes, I use this. Is it perfect? No, it needs to have more potassium magnesium. I'd actually add a couple things to it, but it's the best I've found. I've actually looked into sourcing myon electrolyte powder because nothing perfectly mimics what you lose when you sweat. Everything is just a little off. About an hour before I train, I pre-hydrate. Mixing one of these into 25, 30 ounces of water, because if you want to limit your chance of dehydration, that's the best way. And I also add in three grams of glutamine, which I know. For the longest time, I said it was the biggest waste of money and sucked all the dicks. Turns out, it helps with rapid fluid and electrolyte absorption in the gut. And totally redeemed itself. That also means that my intra and post workout drink that I make in this giant jug has changed. I made an entire video on the science behind it if you want to watch it, it's somewhere up there. But now I also add one of those packets, which again, thousand milligrams of sodium and a scoop of glutamine. I know it feels weird. I hated it for so long and now it's back. I feel the same way about my brother. Now as far as fluid intake the rest of the day, I consume at least one more of these. Because even though the focus of this video has been on how much you lose when you sweat, you lose just as much if not more when you urine it. Just look at the acceptable lab values of sodium concentration in your urine over 24 hour period. You'll see it's anywhere from 1,000 to 5,000 milligrams. And unless you're eating a lot of processed food and you're waking up every morning, taking a bunch of McGriddles to the face, then you're probably under consuming them at a sodium that you should be as well as the other electrolytes. All I'm saying is try it. Do you be shocked how much better your workouts are or not? Or just continue to eat McGriddles and die happy. I don't care. Now just to be clear, I still fall the recommendation of drinking half my body weight in water in ounces per day. I just want to highlight how important it is to supplement electrolytes. For example, did you know that if you cramp in the middle of the night or in the beginning of the workout, that's a magnesium deficiency. If you cramp later in the workout, that's sodium and potassium. All right, back to it. And if you don't have all the newest programs in the app, this is what they are. And yes, you need to buy them because I just rescued another dog. Without asking my wife. So I'm going to need to buy a new wife from another country.

=== FILE: The Muscle Building & Fat Loss CHEAT CODE! [uifea-FuLHQ].txt ===

that's through with the fact that we're all kind of f***s. And I die inside every time I have to bleep that out, but if I don't in the first 30 seconds, YouTube will take all of my coins. Balloon not leather Cheerio, salted waffle, Chad. What I'm saying is that most of us have a similar personality. If we're not careful in keep ourselves in check, we can end the day and the only thing we got done was we ate two large pizzas and took a huge shoveling me. I guarantee when you're in a public restaurant taking a piss, you don't lift the seat up. You just trust your aim and if you really miss Cheerio wiping up, that's only if it's excessive. Shoot. Or if you're driving and you see Lady trying to pull out, of course you're gonna let her in. No, you go ahead. But if some prick tries to pass you as they're getting on the freeway, good f***ing luck. Guys try dick face. I'll be like you knew exit. What I'm saying is that part of your personality that makes you borderline intolerant to be around is a goddamn superpower. You just have to learn to harness it. That's why if you were a ballon on my programs, you know that there's always an exercise or a set that makes you go, why? Who hurt you? Don't get confused. I'm not talking about drop sets, restpaws or slowing down the movement. That can be a part of it, but it's a set you look at and go, that's f***ing down. But it's sole purpose is just to challenge you because otherwise left your own devices, you're gonna have to ask the workout. If you haven't figured it out yet, the secret to growth is intensity. So somewhere your workout should be a set or a series of sets that almost take your life. Because honestly, look around the gym and notice the people that fail to get results year after year, what are they having common? They lack intensity. Probably got crooked dicks too. I don't know. Haven't trouble coming up with ideas or ways to crank up the intensity? Let me help you out. When's the last time you ran the rack? Whether it's dumbbell, curls, side laterals, dumbbell, skull crusherers, because no matter what it is, halfway through, you always have that same thought of, I don't even know if this is helping. This is a dumb idea. That's exactly what we want. Because it's not about whether or not it's helping. It's definitely helping. It's more so the mindset. It reminds you that it could always suck worse. What about deadless? When's the last time you've done a set of at least 30 reps? Because the only justification of that much volume is that it's hard. And it makes you realize the rest of your workout is way too damn easy. Well, why not tap in the mindset of your 16 year old self that was determined to grow your arms and you thought, okay, I'm gonna pick up this easy bar. I'm gonna do as many sets as I can. I'm not gonna set it down until I do. Not your best idea, but certainly not your. I think my worst is when I didn't want to get out of the pool as a kid so I tried to shit my hand and throw it over the fence. Not my best. It really is that simple program and exercise or a few sets that test your will to live and it'll raise the standard for the rest of your workout. That's the fucking secret to building muscle. But I'm sure you're thinking, what the hell does that have to do with that loss? Thanks for asking, Joe, boy. Well, one of the side effects of being a hole is you're spiteful AF. I don't buy you, but the only reason I'm successful today is just to piss off an axe. It's kind of my favorite thing. I just send random texts. Hey, look what I got. Still giving out all those handy? Don't be ashamed of it. Lean into it. You can use an axe's motivation or find somebody with a similar weight loss goal and make a bet with them. Send each other your weights every morning and before you know it, it's gonna turn into a challenge. And you, my friendly asshole, were made for that shit. Side note, I was pros in the internet and I saw this. And I guarantee when you see it, instant diarrhea. It was close call. I cleanse my cheeks just in time. One, two, back pee. Don't ask me why. I just assume we had the same childhood fears. These things were the worst. That'd start out strong. Six, three, uh, 33. And then I get nervous. Fuck. Uh, dinosaur. Dilla. Shit. It got to the point that I was so afraid of looking dumb that before the teacher could pass the rest of amount, I was already on top of my desk with my dick out just counting. Go, trace, watch, see. Even that was a bit of a risk because I was banking on the fact that she would drag my ass down because I still can't count past 14 in Spanish. Oh, see. Dio, sick. Tracey. If you need an accountability body, programs are linked below, all in 20 bucks, get after it. I don't know why, but this feels like the right thing to do. Didn't they make us do that?

=== FILE: The PERFECT LEG WORKOUT (The Science LIES!) [7uMRxo8BRkM].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to have the perfect leg workout and why the science around how you should be training them is false and at the end I'll build out a workout that will ruin your life. So if you're ready Let's get after. Alright, let's start out by electrocuting all four quad muscles at the same time And I'm sterile. There's a lot of videos out there. They're go over the scientific way to train your legs for hypertrophy and most of them Our shortsided the other ones are outdated and need to be updated and there's some that are interesting But need a little more context. Let's start with quads. I'm sure you've heard somebody say it's impossible to train your inner or your outer quad yourself muscles And the argument absolutely makes sense because if you look at the inner most muscle of your quad your vassus medialis your tear drop or your outer Most muscle your vassus lateralis your sweep neither of which connect to your hip The connects somewhere underneath all this shit high up on your femur. So no matter what you do externally or internally rotate your hips feet wide feet close Doesn't matter neither muscles gonna get lengthened or shortened because they originated first of the same spot on opposite sides It's all here Black and white clearest crystal you get nothing you lose good days, sir But I have a huge problem with that because even though that makes sense That's not been my experience in the past. I've had clients come in with a non-existent medialis and by manipulating their form as we train legs I was able to turn that dilapidated nutsack into one of the most dominant muscles to the point It looked like there was some sort of growth growing out of their knee and others who came in with no quad sweep We just modified the movements and in no time they got out of those skinny jeans and even calling on my own experience I know I can instantly put more emphasis on either one of those muscles and get a better connection Create a more intense contraction the next day That muscles is gonna be the most sore and most importantly it makes progress But I also thought I have no idea how to figure out why that is or how to explain to the people Then the last thing I want to do is get in a fight with a biology major who age rooms about being muscular as they shadow box in the corner of the gym Maybe I should just shut up But then I did some digging and found that there is science that supports the fact that you can selectively target your inner or Outer most quad muscle to help me explain this. I want you to first think about your tits the reason you can't neglect incline movements in your training Isn't simply because that upper chest has its own distinct head but more importantly It's because those chest fibers have a completely different orientation if the heads of your pet can work individually They'd actually be antagonist that collector head because you're armed to raise and that's turtle castle head But force that arm back down, but that's not how they work they work in unison because that's how tip muscles work The same exact principle applies to your medialis and lateralist They both work to stabilize your knee by pulling in opposite directions, but I'd argue that you can selectively isolate either one of these at will and I can prove it My electrocuting myself Now I'm doing this on the leg extension to help illustrate my point But you're not gonna want to internally or externally rotate your knee or hip when you're doing this exercise because it's gonna cause a shearing force on your knee That's not what you want. I mean, I've done it, but I'm an asshole so whatever at the end of this video I'll show you how to apply this principle to every single quad exercise we do All right, let's start out by electrocuting all four quad muscles at the same time As you can see there's an equal distribution of current and contraction throughout the muscles, but the moment I start to externally rotate my hip and open up that knee Keep my hand the same exact position the fibers that vassus medialis are not even more engaged the same thing happens when I go the other way And I internally rotate now the lateralis is more engaged and before you say yeah, dick head is because you're inhibiting that muscles ability to contract by pressing it against the pad That isn't it it has everything to do is what we talked about earlier And that's that muscle fibers are laid out in a very specific way and that's the exact way they can track so at all times They're fighting to put themselves in the optimal position to generate force because even when I take the load off my leg and Externally rotate my hip to try to limit the lateralisis ability to work the moment I applied current and electrocute this shit on myself It auto-corrects and forces me in a position where the fibers that lateralis can dominate knee extension and the same exact thing goes for the medialis, but it fucking hurt more And if you're sitting there thinking what the hell does Alex kidding yourself have to do with science? Here's the interesting study I found that Brad Sean fell dead looking the differences and I purchased you when comparing full and partial range emotion When they strap somebody up to an EMG and had them do leg extensions with no tweaks that are formed They found that certain muscles in the quads were more active during different portions of the moment for instance the vassus lateralis was more active during the middle portion And the vassus medialis was more active during lockout, and I think we've all unknowingly experienced this you go to a different gym hop of their leg extension and think This thing fucking sucks the range of muscles too short. This is gonna be a waste of a workout and then two sets in you're walk around like you got 10 pound nuts because your tear drops are blown out Now what about hamstrings? I highly doubt any of you've looked into the science behind training him and your only experiences with your elementary school P teacher who hovered over you with those broad shoulders and their short ass haircut threatening to take weird popsicle That you rightly earned for running the mile so fast you lap the kids who's parents obviously gave up on him because he wore jeans every day because you couldn't flex your toes Your shoes when you did your hamstring stretch Another interesting study I found show that having your toes pointing towards your shins and dorsy flexion when you're doing leg curl movements will allow you to generate more force And I don't think this is why most people do in this way. I think it's more of an unconscious thing But regardless this is where I go completely road because I think you should do the exact opposite and this is something I figured out years ago By putting a moderate amount of weight on leg curl machine and doing a couple reps my feet in a neutral position And then without resting went right into planar flexion so toes pointed away and it was fucking impossible Got my ass kick so I went right to dorsy flexion and it was too damn easy now. Why is that? Is everything to do with your gastrocnemius? It's main action is planar flexion of foot, but because it crosses the knee joint it also adds a knee flexion Now what you're doing when you're putting your feet into planar flexion during a leg curl is flexing your calf and actually isolated the movement even more down to your hamstrings Which sounds counter intuitive, but what you're doing is essentially turning your calf into the system to the regional manager Giving you an meaningless job of contracting that calf so it can't help in with knee flexion But when you're in dorsy flexion it can multitask and screw up everything also remember when it comes to hypertrophy strength or how much force you can generate Isn't the name of the game if that's your goal then you should be trying to recruit as many muscles to work as efficiently as possible to move the most amount of weight That's the antithesis of hypertrophy where you're basing everything you do of connection and isolation You're trying to limit secondary involvement as much as what's biomechanically possible to just hit that targeted muscle But if you're still a little worried about doing it that way just turn every leg curl movement you do Endo mechanical drop start in planar flexion when you get your ass kicked go right into dorsy flexion one more interesting thing I found which I've always felt to be true Was this study done in the effectiveness of hip hinge movements versus knee flexion movements and when comparing stiff leg deadless to leg curls Leg curls were far more effective at eliciting growth. It should just serve as a good reminder when you're stuck somewhere with a limited hamstring equipment Even though it's a pain in the ass and there's a 50 50 chance you're gonna drop that dumbbell on your lopsided balls You should still do dumbbell leg curls if you've ever done your research on glue training Then at some point you came across Brett contraris and the only thing I'll say about him is Used to teach math at my high school, which is fucking weird because he was like two years older than us I remember one of my friends turned in me saying I don't think this guy should be teaching us math and I looked at him You know very disappointed face What was the giveaway the beer ball in the back of his truck? It's guy looks he should be working at a margarita veil constantly getting written up for getting chest hair and people's drinks or in a lab Researching women's butt cheeks I was right the glute science lines up with what I felt for years any time you could exaggerate the stretch do it because you'll get even more glute Activation that's why every time I do Sumo as I turn them into more of a hip dominated movement and when I do something like reverse lunges Actually rather doing assisted and hold on to something that way I can shift my husky body over top of my glute and Then exaggerate the stretch by leaning more forward now when it comes to calf training I've heard people say for years that foot placement doesn't matter But it absolutely does and there's a few studies are starting to show that but You have to look a little bit deeper than the general conclusions like this one like Who the fuck dox like this like this like this one they can clear the point in your foot four Maybe the ideal approach when the aim is to induce proportional improvement across both heads of the gastric neemius That's fucking right how much further do you have to read to get to the part that I actually believe The very next fucking line it says that pointing your foot outward or inward may induce selective growth That should be your aha moment anytime you can selectively isolate a region and cause targeted damage and stress You're gonna get more growth here's about to illustrate my point the next time you go to shouldn't paper bag and let in somebody's doorstep What do you think be more effective drop on a herses kiss and no bag for each one of your neighbors? We're picking one of your neighbors to victimize soaking that bag in gasoline and eating Chinese food for three days choice is yours now. This is an incredibly important thing to point out what you do with your foot is Even more crucial than how you place your feet because I can put my foot in a neutral position and as I can track up If I supinate my foot and put more pressure on those medial fibers if I pronate my foot There's gonna be more pressure on those lateral fibers that outer head of your gastroct the way you place your feet just makes it easier to do that All right, let's put together everything we learned into one hell of a workout starting off with the quads Now that we absolutely know you can target your sweep or your tear drop just look down and see what's more embarrassing If it's your sweep then put that lateralist and prime position to bear the load not by internally rotating your knee You'll die but by doing movements to allow your leg to be closer to your midline a good starting exercise We'll be a leg press with your feet together and then right into a split squat with your working leg directly in the center of you if your tear drop is more like a ball sack On a hot summer day then choose a movement that'll allow it to dominate like a hacks go out where your feet are still close But your toes are out at 45 degrees and based upon what we learn Pre-existing in the leg extension, but staying at the top for a parcel movement and forcing that lock out Is the way to go? Then go throw up on hacksquad if for hamstrings It's still incredibly important to incorporate some sort of hip-hinge movement because they target a different part of the muscle Stiff legs are usually a good way to go, but make sure you do some sort of leg curl movement because they work better standing lying Doesn't matter and if you want to get even more of it I slate that hamstring even more point those toes away planter flexion And we get your ass kicked go to door seat flexion goods for me Thouph to be so most especially when you're hinging at the hips, but the research shows you get even more activation Out of step ups, so to make it even worse when you go in that negative I would get assisted by holding on to something and really leaning forward to exaggerate that stretch even more and finally calves Responded a pretty good ass kicking so hit them from all three angles. Mead you'll head dominant lateral head dominant Fuck them both. They'll make sure to leave the sets and reps in the description But make sure you don't do this workout over and over again, and that's all you do because based on the research of Jose Antonio Different exercises and do is hyperchophane different regions of the muscle So after you do this leg workout, make sure you watch this video and do this leg workout next and if you have four and 19 pesos Buy one of my programs. I'll link them below Most importantly make sure you subscribe because the next video It's gonna be a good one

=== FILE: The PERFECT MUSCLE BUILDING WORKOUT [ICgxNGK9gsI].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over how to create the perfect muscle building workout. It's good after it. Now the first question right in your mind is probably why. Why would I share the secret to creating the perfect workout when it's literally how I make all my money and I can afford to rescue all the dogs. And pay for my wife's uncanny ability to buy stupid shit. Well for one, there's a pretty important holiday coming up. Flag day. And if you still look like shit by June 14th, that reflects poorly on me. So first let's go over the biggest and most common mistakes people will make because those can really hold you back. One of the biggest ones, people overvalue the overall structure and undervalue each individual set. It's amazing how tribal people are when it comes to their training split and you find this out real quick when you're at the gym and you meet somebody who trains completely different than you. If they train with a bro split and you don't, then they think you're an idiot for not hitting each body part with that much volume. If they're on a ppl program, then you're crazy for not training body parts more frequently. And if they train full body five times a week, then they think you're a damn full for not hitting each body part as frequently as you masturbate. But what's so crazy about that though is after they're done spewing their workout gospel, you'll see them go sit on a machine and do an easy set of 20. Do an easy set of 12 plan their phone for a half hour and then accidentally sit on their balls get a stomach ache and then have to go home. That's their fucking workout. I really can't overstate this. The structure and style of your training doesn't matter. That's more about personal preference. What matters is the time you put in to make sure each set is going to be held and your ability to fight through that hell. A good example of this is as I was filming for the ppl program. I tried to explain to the camera guy brought in to film some of the exercises. One of the ideas I had for a set on the leg breast. Thuring reps. But it's a rest pause. You go once. You fail and you rest. It's an hour. And you go again. You fail. You rest and then you fail again. But we have two drops. So that means you do this whole thing two more times. So you do that three times. Which brings me to mistake number two. People design their workouts and their programs with themselves in mind. Don't do that. And never really you'll start making excuses and turn half your workout into warm up or just to find what you can't do legs on Friday because you're going to be weekend with your wife and you're going to go shopping and probably go to home deple at Bath and Beyond if you have time. It's funny. People ask me, what do you like to start your week with arms and end it with legs? There really is no other reason other than I would like to fuck up your weekend. Sometimes the rationale is as simple as I was dropped to many times as a kid and developed into an asshole. The trick is take yourself out of it. When you're thinking about the workout and all the different exercises you can incorporate in the sets and reps. Think about somebody you love and pretend like you're taking them through the workout more than likely. It's going to be an X. Probably the one that cheered on you and sucked all the dicks. That workout's going to be a lot different. Then go through said workout and the third biggest mistake I see is when people walk in the gym and they don't have a concrete plan that they can't deviate from. And not simply just the order of exercises and the rep range you want to hit the thing that really matters how you're going to complete each set whether to drop set giant set superset maybe you're slowing down the tempo it's a rest pause. If you don't have a plan in place, those are the things you're going to try to play with yourself to get out of. So if that's the mistake you have to avoid then how do you create the perfect muscle building workout? Well, that's simply it. You actually have to create it. You sit down, you write down the sets, the reps, how you're going to do those sets and make sure it's hell. I'd bring a picture of your X for motivation. The one who wears panties with dick holes in it and that's it. So that's simple. And if you need to unfat yourself before flag day, I'd watch that video or if you need bigger arms, there's that one as well. But most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: The Perfect Push-Up To BUILD MUSCLE (ALWAYS DO THIS!) [F4B9CjP8vw8].txt ===

All right, today we're talking push-ups because even if your form doesn't suck, if you're not doing away the release, it's your chest or your triceps and either pre-existing or throwing him at the end of your workout to make sure you got nothing left in the tank, your training is pretty damn inefficient. So let's fix that and let's get after it. Now if you're somebody who's used to push up challenge to transform your life and get off the crack, I think that's amazing. The only pushback is that if you have access to a gym, just know in a couple sets of a chest exercise at the end of your workouts, would yield better results. But I know not everybody has access to a gym, so it's better than nothing. And while I didn't plan on making this a how-to for beginners, recent case study that was done by myself walking around the gym, judging people harshly found that, one-and-a-half of people suck at doing push-ups. So let's go over some things to look out for before we start to perfect them. The first one I'm sure you've seen before, it's when those elbows are too high, about 90 degrees, and you end up hitting anterior delts, more than anything else. Now this is an easy fix. Either your hands are too high, so you just walk those down, or you bring those elbows down to 45 degrees. This second one I'd argue is even more common, but it's tougher to identify them. Once you see it, it can't be unseen. Because for what reason people turn this tricep or chest exercise into one for their traps. I don't know if they're afraid of falling that one foot, but they end up bracing like hell, engaging that upper back. And once it's in there, there's no getting it out. So the fix there is a long getting that neck, tucking that chin and pulling those shoulders back and down. But if I'm with this one, you really have to work people from the ground up, so I'll have people lay flat on the floor and start up by making noises like a beach dwell because I'm a dick. From there, we just focus on the upper part of their body. So we'll just make each other the shoulders are back and down and keeping those hips on the ground. So they're just lifting that chest up, making sure they have that form, then we work to the knees, and then all the way to the feet. Now when it comes to perfecting or optimizing push-ups from muscle growth, whether it's chest or tricep, you're going to find that getting a little elevation and using dumbbells is the way to go. Because not only get a better connection, but it's also going to open up the door to variations that you could otherwise do. For instance, for chest, it allows you to walk those hands out even wider, turn those wrists and do a hybrid of a push-up and a fly or you can do your push-ups like normal, and then once you fail, you hold an extreme stretch at the bottom. For triceps, unless you want your wrists to hate you, doing a reverse grip push-up is a horrible idea. But with the dumbbells, it makes it easy, and you can also get even more engagement by just tilting back more. Also, it allows you to do one of those rope extension push-up variation things that are fucking impossible. So how should you do them? Well, it goes without saying that there is no number. You should always push yourself to failure because unless the 6-grade P test comes around later in life, I don't give a shit how many push-ups you can do in under a minute. And like I said in the beginning, the best thing you can do is either start your workout with them, so you pre-exhaust and you develop that connection to your chest or you end your workout and up bouncing off the floor by really finishing off that chest or your triceps. And I also find that really slowing it down is the best thing you can do. Just make sure you're flexing that chest and not just rapping them out, really engaging and tearing up those fibers as much as possible. Also, one more tip for somebody who's never really connected with or got results from push-ups. And you can do this targeting either, but let's use triceps for this example. You can do a push-up like they do in CrossFit, except more or not assholes. You can go all the way down, take tension off, and then flex that tricep as hard as you can, which you can start the contraction again. It's just going to get you the habit of actually engaging that tricep and make sure it's dominating the movement. Do a couple sets of those, and then go back to normal and you're going to find that you instantly have a better connection. And if you haven't got a chance to do it for the full gym program or you're still limited, and you need the garage one, links in the description. 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. Also, if you need help with other stuff, these are also videos that I've done their neat. Make sure you hit that subscribe button, notification bell, which is a... Clippers and describes. Fucking good after it.

=== FILE: The Science of Depression (This is SHOCKING!) [xQ8y_7w5sw8].txt ===

I think it's important we start this video at the Golden Gate Bridge because one of the most impactful videos I've ever seen was from a guy who jumped and lived. What I'm about to say is the exact same thing that 19 Golden Gate Bridge jump survivors have also said, the millisecond my hands left the rail. It was an instant regret. This is how cynical I am. I started walking on the bridge. I looked over and realized there's a net. Did this guy just jump off into a net and give himself a gold star? Turns out San Francisco just sucks. Over 2,000 people have jumped and not made it and they still had no idea what to do until top golf came up with the advanced net technology. Needless to say, the pression is a mother. Over 280 million people across the world suffer from it. Some of the highest rates being that of 18 to 25 year olds. So the reason I'm so interested in this topic is partly because I was raised by alcoholic wolves. My mom was manic to press and bipolar and we think maybe even a little bit of a split person out. She ended up drinking herself to my dad is one of the best men I know and I wouldn't be where I am without him. But he does have his deenance. And while I personally don't fall into the category of what they call major depressive disorder, I'm a horrible pro-crassonator. My ADHD is insane. Check out all these tabs. I haven't had a drink since I was 17 because every time I did I would go dark. And I know I have that dog in me. Now the first obvious question that I would have if I was watching this video is why should I trust you on this topic? You shouldn't do your own damn research, talk to your doctor. This is more of a selfish journey for myself. But I've learned a lot of crazy things along the way that I think you're going to help a lot of people. Like getting my brain scanned, it all makes sense now. Now to really dive into the science of depression, we have to first have a basic understanding of the human brain. Your brain has over a hundred billion neurons. It looks a little something like this, but also not even close because that's the brain of a fruit fly. A neuron is just a cell. It's a nerve cell. They have all the normal shit like every other cell. Your nucleus, your ibisomes, your good old, gold-giab ratis, which I always forget what that's for. The difference being is they have what are called dendrites, which receive information from other neurons, as well as this kick ass looking tail called an axon, which sends information. And the connection between the axon terminal and another neuron's dendrite is where the magic happens. But as you can see, these things are about as warm as they get because they don't soak, they don't even touch. They just maintain a 20 nanomine herb gap between each other and the way they communicate is by releasing neural transmitters. Now the reason that was so important to go over is because neural transmitters are the reason you experience anything in life. Which that alone is kind of depressing to think about. It means that warm and fuzzy feeling you get when you think about the first time you touch the boob isn't because it was a magical moment. It was just because of a neural transmitter cocktail going on in your brain. And they sure as hell didn't look like that. The discovery of those neurotransmitters subsequently led to the development of different classes of anti-depressants, the most infamous being, selective, serotonin, re-uptake inhibitors. I don't know about you, but I probably know a good 75 freaking people on SSRIs. Now in order to dig into the efficacy of some of these anti-depressants and look at some of the meta-analyses that compare them to placebo, we first need to talk about the Hamilton depression rating score. It's the most commonly used questionnaire that judges the severity of your depression based upon these 17 questions. And I know. You would think it's 20 24, we can do better. I just took this and I'm having a great day. I scored a fucking 15. This is commonly what's used in clinical trials to judge the effectiveness of anti-depressants. You're trying to bring the score down. Again, before I get into the numbers, if you take anti-depressants and they work for you, then who gives a shit what I say. If it keeps you from turning heel and going full crisp and want, that's all that matters. You keep doing you. But with that being said, they are clouded in contrivers. SSRIs, for example, are only effective over that of the placebo for people that scale above a 28 on the Hamilton depression rating scale. Those are people that are severely severely depressed. The meta analysis, looking at clinical trials, submitted to the FDA for approval of six different anti-depressants that included both published and unpublished trials, which is a very important point. Turns out, the FDA requires two adequately conducted clinical trials, showing a significant difference between the drug tested and a placebo. But the loophole is you could submit as many clinical trials as you want. Nearly half the trials were unpublished and of that, only 43% showed a significant difference over the placebo. The other 57% were either no difference at all or a negative effect. And even those percentages are skewed because a large number of those trials have what's known as a run-in period. For the first two weeks, everybody gets the placebo. Anybody who sees a positive benefit gets kicked out. Again, those who are categorized as severely depressed. They score above a 28 on the Hamilton depression rating scale. Do see a significant improvement from anti-depressants. On average, they have a 4-point improvement. Even that, I have to grip my teeth when I say because just changing your sleep patterns alone led to a six-point improvement on average. Here's the thing. Pharmaceutical companies aren't wrong and they're thinking there's a direct link between serotonin and depression. But there's also a direct link between depression and imbalances and pretty much every other neurotransmitter. So whether there's anti-depressants dedicated to each of them. Issue with treating depression is that it's multifactorial and incredibly complex. So much so, have you ever heard of SSREs, selective serotonin re-uptake enhancers? They're exactly what they sound like and the exact opposite of SSRI. So you would think if someone with depression took those, they would get even worse. But they don't. The effects are virtually identical to SSRI. Kind of fuckery is this. I think that fact alone sheds light on why anti-depressants are less effective than advertised. It comes down to correlation, verse, causation. The original chemical imbalance theory was based upon the fact that they took blood from a bunch of people with major depressive disorder and realized they had low serotonin level. So they thought that must be the cause. When in reality, it was probably more of a contributing factor. That's like saying the fact that you haven't seen your dad since that one morning he went out to get milk is because every store must be out of milk. Instead of the truth, that you're a disappointment. Even if you disregard all of that, I think the biggest issue I have with them is that over 90% of the serotonin produced in your body is produced in the world. And when you take SSRIs, they have an antimicrobial effects over time and lowers your gut bio. Which we know causes digestive problems, sleep issues, infections, and wouldn't you know it? Mode disorders. They are literally causing the thing they are attempting to fix. So if those medications are only viable for a small population of people, then what should we look into next? The beautiful part about this channel is I've been able to develop a community that turns out is just as messed up as I am. I sent out one email about depression and what I got back were hundreds of emails from people with their own personal experiences and things that they've taken that have helped them along the way. So let's get into it. I read through every goddamn illiterate email that you guys sent and categorized them. The first one I'm going to label as deficiencies. They were your vitamin Ds, your alcarnatines, magnesium. These are the things that have been linked to depression if you don't get in or have a adequate amount. Now in the past I would have said this is an easy fix. Let's just start supplementing all of these and basically throw at the wall and see what sticks. I didn't really think about the logistical side of filming this shot until after I did it. Is a bad choice. But recently I flew to Austin to eat barbecue. And while I was there I also got an EEG of my brain that measured the individual bandwidths, the Delta theta alphabet of gamma. And when I got my results back, the clinician started out by showing me what a healthy brain looks like. Now this is a sample. Immediately I knew it was going to be bad because that's code for yours looks nothing like this. So this is a low voltage EEG. No shit. I'm not a solvent learning center alumni and I didn't have to say every day it resists to practice cursive because I'm a baby fucking genius. I get so distracted researching for these videos. I have Mr. Beast read me the case studies. Mental health concerns, microdozers exhibited lower levels of the most fascinating for me though is when she said, I think these little bumps here. One of these bumps is your MTHF armitation rate. MTHFR, which is also known as the mother fucker gene, is a catalyst that helps convert the full weight that you ingest into the biologically available version. It is required for the production of neurotransmitters like dopamine and serotonin, which is wild me that in the process of doing research about depression and the hopes of helping other people, I might have figured out why I feel nothing. Which brings me back to my original point that if I continue that shotgun method of taking any supplement that's ever been linked to depression, I would have inevitably ended up on B vitamins and if I was more of a trusting individual, I very easily could have bought them from Costco and ended up with the super B complex, which has regular old folate in here. It's not methylated and it would have made things even worse. So what would I recommend you do? Exactly what I'm going to do. I'm going to get an alcat test, which is going to see if any food I've been ingesting is causing any chronic inflammation or gastrointestinal issues because both of those things have been linked to depression. Also, a micronutrient deficiency test that will identify different vitamins, minerals, aminos, yaddi, yaddi, yadda. That way I can have a custom supplement built for how uniquely screwed up I am. And finally, I'm going to get a methyl detox panel that will identify the type and severity of that mother fucker gene mutation. And then again, I can get a custom supplement made that will ensure proper nutrient use without taxing my already jacked up conversion processes. Because left unchecked that gene mutation, which has been estimated that 40% of the population has leads to high homocysteine levels, which has been associated with heart disease, stroke, and neurological issues. Because as much as I would love my wife to spend the last 10 years of her life wiping my ass, I want to be a part of that inside joke. Otherwise, what's the point? Now there were some emails from people with suggestions that I'm just going to categorize as shut up and do it. The first one is make sure that it has enough elltrip to fan. That should be easy for anybody who is a mediator, but I was vegan for five years and that probably led to my demise. And supplementing has been shown to be not as good as getting it from whole food sources. It's involved in the synthesis of serotonin. The other thing I've list is creati. I know. Ooh, creati. Not the most exciting, but even with people who have adequate levels, it's been shown to boost your brains capacity to produce ATP. So just take it. Shut the fuck up. The last set of suggestions and emails I got from people is when I would categorize as when shit hits the fan. What do you do when you're in a deep depression? How do you pull yourself out of the darkness? There were three recommendations that I got over and over again, that the science definitely backs up. One of which I keep my freezer at all times just as a breaking case of emergency. So let's dive in. The majority of research around cell cyber has been done with large single doses, but the majority of emails I got from people who've said they had success with it, were with microdosing. So do with that what you meant. Both seem like legitimate options since they've tossed aside the theory of a chemical imbalance. And now the new model of depression is this regulated nernal connectivity with degeneration or atrophy. Or said, plainly, the nerve cells in your brain can't talk to each other, so your brain starts to shrink, and it's terrifying because I can't afford any more shrinkage. The reason there's so much excitement around cell cyber and the second most suggested thing by you guys, ketamine is because they both been shown to restore synaptic connectivity. Simulating the formation and growth of the dendrites we talked about earlier. And yes, antidepressants can do that too, but it's within months with cell cyber and ketamine, it's within hours. Also, they don't have a site dedicated to them where people hold up signs that say, antidepressants broke by dick. So that's good. The last one should be an obvious one based upon the people that watch this channel, but it's working out. I did find an interesting study that showed the level of the antidepressant effect of your training was based upon the intensity that you trained with, which gave me a brilliantly dumb idea to make the next training program I produce, one where we just kill ourselves for 30 days. Who gives a shit, you'll grow probably, but it's more about hurting yourself in a healthy antidepressant like way. We'll call it something fucked up too. For the next two months, I'll be doing trans cranial magnetic stimulation therapy, so I'll let you know how that goes. As always, programs are linked below, so if you need to build muscle by one of those, and most importantly, don't forget, there's beauty even in darkness.

=== FILE: The Science of Testosterone! [k1KDAtMBuk8].txt ===

testosterone is still one of the most controversial topics. You're either on team nanny for life or you've chosen the dark side. But I think that's a real shortsighted way of looking at things because testosterone and most men peaks at the age of 19 and then shortly after your total testosterone drops by roughly 1.6% every year. So really it's just a matter of time before effects is all. Now whether or not you want to take more of a natural approach or get a doctor to prescribe your testosterone is really up to you. So let's dive into the science of testosterone and break down one of the biggest flaws and what they consider a normal range. The studies around these natural testosterone boosters and one of these that might actually work. And if you're going to take TRT, the most optimal way to do it. I guarantee you're not doing it like this. It's important we start off this video by making sure you have a basic understanding of the hypothermic pituitary gonaddle axis. It all starts with the hypothermists. This little bastard mongers the hormones in the body via the bloodstream. For example say you're a 30 year old man living in your mom's basement. Your hypothalamus if it's working correctly should sense your hormones are low and then secrete GNRH. That hormone is then what stimulates the bituatary gland to release LH and FSH. The luteenizing and follicul stimulating hormones eventually make their way to the testies via the bloodstream and bind to ladeges cells. I'm sure at some point in your life you've seen this exact hormone cascade. More than likely your doctor headed up in his office just to flex on you. What you should immediately notice is that cholesterol is the precursor to all steroid hormones. It's the building blocks your house, the cladier sculpture. It's the pubes to your charsarding. The late exels are what gather up the cholesterol and use it to synthesize testosterone. Again, this is all happening with specialized cells that are inside your balls. That entire process, the hypothermic pituitary gonaddle axis can be affected by many things. Illness, injury, environmental changes that time you sat on your balls all could have a negative impact. You may have noticed that some of these intermediates look an awful lot like the pro hormones that were out in the late 90s, early 2000s. That's because they are. For example, synthetic androstein dion is bioavailable. It's what Mark McGuire took and then hit 70 fucking home runs. The craziest part is this team came out and said that androstein dion has shown no anabolic effects. It's a direct precursor to testosterone. Nobody gives a shit. We all like home runs. Just don't lie to our face. It's obvious. The understanding of how to manipulate the steroid hormone cascades, bond an entire niche within the supplement industry. If you went to high school in the early 2000s, either you or one of your friends became a complete man child after taking super draw, which is just a methylated version of DHT. Methyl meaning that one of the carbons is bonded to three hydrogens. In this case, it's actually the second and 17th position. It just makes it more effective, harder to break down, but also obviously more liver toxic. And if you think that pro hormones sound like a crude way to increase your production, then you have no idea about the disturbing history of endocrinology. Time for a quick history lesson. Let's take a trip down memory lane to the late 1800s. In 1876, a man by the name of Alexander Rambel invented the telephone. In 1879, Thomas Edison, the lightbulb. And in France, in 1889, the most innovative of them all, Charles Brown's secret was chirping off dogs and guinea pigs, scooping up their semen and injecting it into his arm. Come on, Charles. What are we doing? That's not a joke. He's the father of endocrinology. Now, we've come a long way since back when Charles was diddling dogs for their precious dog water, but there still isn't real consensus between authorities on what is a healthy or normal range. It makes it incredibly hard to figure out if you're even a candidate for testosterone therapy in the first place. Depending on what society your doctor uses as a guideline to help make recommendations will dictate what is a healthy range. On the low end, it's typically around the 300s, but I've seen his lowest 130, which at that point you've already jumped in front of a bus, so you don't need testosterone. And on the higher end, it's usually in the 900s, but I've seen it all the way up to 1500. And that only deals with total testosterone. It completely disregards free testosterone, which most doctors who actually work with patients will say is a better tool to diagnose and manage people with low testosterone and more represents what's actually available to them. All the experts say that total testosterone... I hate to say it's irrelevant, I just don't pay as much attention to it, and I pay attention to the free testosterone. How much do you have available for use? She's the one from Waste World at Monterrey's on my blood work prescribed by testosterone peptides, etc. She's a huge reason why I made so much progress over the past year and a half. She also gave me a great way to explain testosterone therapy to people that have obvious signs of low t, but are still hesitant. Let's say at 20 years old you had a total testosterone around 1200. And a healthy percentage of free testosterone 2%. By the time you hit 30 years, you're still going to be in a healthy range, probably somewhere around 850, but to you, that will feel like death because your optimal was 1200. It's less about where you are and more about symptom relief and where you feel your best. And that's really my guide between the free testosterone, SHPD, and symptoms. It reminds me there's a couple more things you need to understand. testosterone itself is hydrophobic. Remember it synthesizes from cholesterol, so at its core it's a lipid. So it has a hard time traveling through your blood, which is mostly water. So it attaches to carrier proteins like SHBG, sex hormone binding, globular, more albumin, which is a general carrier protein and a very small small percentage just as fuck it and fruits freely through your blood. The testosterone bound SHBG is pretty much considered useless. It has such a high affinity towards testosterone that their scissor sisters for life. The albumin bonded testosterone is still considered bio-available because it has less of an affinity and can disassociate in times of need. But the holy grail is your free testosterone. Because it's an unbound lipid itself, it can pass for the lipid bylayer of the cell membrane and attach to hydrogen receptors whenever needed. Which is crazy to think that your body produces that much and has that many regulatory mechanisms in place just to make sure you only end up with 1 to 3% of free testosterone. The key takeaway is no the players. If your blood work has your total testosterone, abhuman and sex hormone binding, globular, you can use that to calculate your free testosterone, which should be based upon all my research above 2%. That calculation tells you that if your total testosterone is in range which your free testosterone is not, then the SHBG is to blame. Problem is, SHBG is largely genetic. But they do prescribe things that you never thought they would like deck up because that's one of the benefits. If you're curious, these are some of the common symptoms associated with low tea. So if you're someone who's total tea falls into that lower end of the range or maybe your free testosterone is just a smaller percentage than it should be or just on symptoms alone, you fall into the category of hypogonatism. Are there any good natural ways to boost your own testosterone? Don't get too excited because the title of this meta-analysis immediately shifts in your cereal. After going through the individual case studies, there was one of these that showed significant improvements. One cat, Ali, also known as however the hell you say that. There was definitely a few randomized control trials that increased total testosterone, but knowing what you know now, you should be asking the question, what about free testosterone, what about sex hormone binding colloquialin? Because that's what matters. And at the end of the day, even though these results are statistically significant and extra 50 to 75, even 100 nanograms for desoliter, it's not going to really move the needle. Not going to fix your broken deck. It does make me wonder when they say they use 200 milligrams of ton cat, Ali. How certain are they that was actually 200 milligrams? And that's why about this. It's not ready, but I have to take it to a lab near me. This is an HPLC. It's what I'm going to use to test to see if companies are screwing us. So if you happen to be a company that's nitrogen spiking your protein or underdosing all your supplements, I will find you and I will kill you. So I obviously put money on the fact that I think it happens more than anybody realizes. So if you're somebody that needs testosterone therapy, then I think just getting testosterone prescribed is the best bet. I'm not too proud to admit, then when I was younger, I had sleep apnea, which take my testosterone broke my dick and ruined my life and tell I figured it out. A CPAP and testosterone therapy saved me. I would have been non-binary by now. And this video is already insanely dense. So I'll end it by saying that my TRT dose instead of doing a weekly shot or multiple times a week, I will take a micro dose and take it sub-utaneously daily. Whether you want to look at pharmacokinetics or the natural circadian rhythm of how testosterone is released in your body, it's the closest thing to mimic that. Also if you didn't know there's a new 12-week full-jump program inside the soil lab. Get after it.

=== FILE: The Science-Backed Shortcut to Boulder Shoulders – It’s Insane! [DyOtTMCKTPg].txt ===

When it comes to growing your delts, this is the most important thing to understand. And it's not the fact that based upon cadaver studies, the deltoid muscle is actually even more segmented than we previously thought. That's not it, you're missing the point. It's the fact that if you understand fiber orientation and look at how the segments originate, you're going to notice that big round wide boulder shoulders are actually mostly posterior and anterior delt. The true lateral head of your delt, the segment that's perfectly aligned for shoulder abduction, is actually incredibly small. The moment I realized this, I changed the way I trained them. And they started to grow. They went from this piece of shit to, alright. So let me walk you through some of the changes I made starting with rear delts, because most people suck at training those, the most. Also we might as well go through and rank some of the exercises because I had fun with that last time. Now when it comes to hypertrophy training, we should either be trying to take that rear delt through a full range emotion or my personal favorite, partial range emotion at longer lengths because we've all seen the research we know works shut up. The second and arguably even more important factor is being able to isolate down to the rear delt as much as possible. Which proves to be incredibly difficult because either you're doing moments where your shoulder is abducted and you're working in the transverse plane and your trapscrew things up, or you drop that arm down and now you're worried about your laps. So what the hell are we supposed to do? My knee. There's actually some pretty good science on this that answers that question that we'll get into later. And I know that some people are here that being able to isolate a muscle is not an necessity for growth. And in some cases, you're absolutely right. In one study where they had two groups of people doing leg extensions, one they told to completely feel and flex the muscle and the other one just throw the weight up, there was no statistical difference between the two. And that makes sense because it's pretty hard to screw up a leg extension. But when they did the same thing with bicep curls, one group flex the weight up, the other one dry humped it up, the non dry humpers saw significantly more growth. Now how that relates to training your delts is that there's a lot of secondary muscles that can jump in and screw things up. So we need to understand the optimal movement patterns to be able to limit that, but also be able to flex the weight up and not just throw it up. Let's start out with most people's go to exercise. The machine rear del fly. Now as is, for me, it's a D because my traps hungry, hungry, hippo, this shit out of this exercise. So it doesn't even make my rotation. We can improve this exercise slightly by just grabbing higher on the handles and then you have yourself a D-plucks. One of the things that we can do that will actually redeem this exercise by sitting sideways and doing unilateral rear del flies. For me, that's a solid beat. The reason being is now we're putting that rear del at an extreme length. However, it's important to understand and control your scapula when you're trying to create length on your rear del. What we're trying to do is force pro traction, not elevation. If you allow them to elevate, you've now engaged your upper trap and good luck with that. A good way to visualize correctly putting them at length is just thinking about wrapping those scapula around your ribgitch. Scapula, just in case you're an asshole. Now knowing that, it actually makes it a lot easier to put your posterior del at length even when you're facing forward. Because all we have to focus on now is keeping those scabs depressed and punching forward. Now I will do these as length in parcels because it's not a matter of time before your traps jump in. It's a matter of range of motion. The higher you go up, the more they're going to engage because it's just proper, healthy, scapula, humor rhythm, it's going to happen. So length impartials turns this exercise into an A. Side note, if you're wondering why I'm wearing this cool compression sockets because the other day I was doing the single leg calf raises on the leg press and I locked my knee at a little too much. Ha! Didn't even hurt. The pop was just so loud it scared the shit up. I ran as fast as I could to the airport, which wasn't very fast. Optin' a plane, went to Texas, got an ultrasound and turns out my gastroch, fine. Solius, split-and-half. And thanks to Ways to Well, I got stem cells in there the next day. On top of the fact I'm locally injecting BPC-157, TB-500, laying my leg on a red, near-and-for-ed light, even going and using a hyperbaric chamber. So by the time this is healed I should have a pretty good protocol for anybody that tears any muscle and hates their life. It's going to be a decent run. The typical recovery for an injury like this is roughly around six weeks before you can start physical therapy and using it again, which is wild because for me it happened three weeks ago today and I'm not doing calf raises or anything but I did train legs yesterday and went pretty damn good. I'm trying to get Ways to Well to implement some sort of my life button on their website. That way when you get injured you can click it, fly down and get stem cells the next day because it makes a huge difference. Case studies. Next up, let's talk about another popular movement, dumbbell rear-delflies. Doesn't matter if you're doing them standing in your bend over or your lying in incline bent for me, both of them are a seaid best. Now remember when you're working in this plane emotion, your traps have to engage otherwise there is something literally wrong with them. So the only way to limit their involvement is by shortening the range of motion and for me that knocks it up to a B tier exercise. Now one of my few S tier exercises for rear-delfts is actually by laying on the same client bench but instead bring your arms closer to your body focusing on reaching out of the bottom and then scooping back. If you've ever tried it then you know it's phenomenal but the science behind it doesn't really add up. Because the posterior delts have a very similar function to the lats which is obviously a bigger stronger muscle so it's going to take over and take the run of the load so how can I even justify this exercise and then one day I found it. I was mining my own business, producing the internet looking for your good old average Alabama hot pocket when I found this case study. The official name is moment arms crossing the anatomical shoulder which sounds innocent enough but holy hell it is not it's dark. What they did is wired up all the major tendons across the glintle at your real joint to a dynamic cadaver testing apparatus. I eat your grandma that you loved so much that when she passed you thought I'm going to donate her body to science because that's what she would have wanted. This is what happened to her. They stronger up like a puppet. Grandma no. There's my attempt at an example of what it looked like because I don't know if I can even show you the images from the case study because they didn't even bother cleaning off your grandma's arm. There's blood all over it. Here I'll just show real quick and blurred out. Pretty wild huh? Bear with me for a second. What this study allowed them to do is get instantaneous internal moment arms of muscle sub regions. We're looking at mechanical advantage in producing torque at these particular movements. And for the most part we know that more torque is going to mean that the muscle is more effective at that movement. Which brings up an important point. We've all heard of external moment arms. In this scenario the folk are measure shoulder the cable pulling up is the force and there is the moment arm. So just looking at it the lat and the posterior del have a very similar moment arm so the lat's obviously a bigger muscle that's going to do the bulk of the work. But you have big dummy you forgot about internal moment arms. Internal moment arms have a disgusting formula that we don't need to get into. But what you do need to know is that it also factors in the insertion point of the muscle as well as the line of action. So now knowing that and looking at the data from the study you're going to see that when your arm is inflection the posterior del is actually better at extension of the arm pulling it back towards your body than the latism is door side. And that has everything to do with the line of action of each of those muscles. The posterior del is mostly horizontal pulling straight back while the latism is door side is pulling it like a 60 degree ish angle. We're deep in the shit today, so to recap a straight arm equals more torque on the shoulder. A bent arm shortens the distance from shoulder to hand, putting less torque on the shoulder to move the same amount of weight which then equates to more lat involvement. All of that was just to prove that the lying incline dumbbell rear del raise where your arms are close to your body is one of the best S tier exercises there is because it takes your traps completely out of it and your lats are less effective in that position than your posterior del. This did however also change the way I train my lats because I used to do cable pullovers with a real straight arm and I felt this awful pain that I thought was in the insertion of it. And in reality if you look at the data from that study it's probably your terries major because that score to even higher than the lat as well. So if you want to target your lats you should probably bend your arms more. Changes everything. Idiot. Before quick note on this exercise it doesn't mean keep your arms as close to your body as possible. We still have the factor in fiber orientation and when you look at the posterior delts you see how those fibers wrap around. The best way to think about is put yourself in a lats spread and that's the path you want to pull up on. That also means that the barbell version of this exercise is also S tier. Now I don't have to do the whole just try it. If you like it keep it if not now I'll just shut the fuck up. Now cables are a tricky baster they can either be phenomenal or suck at. The exercise I used to do a ton when I was younger and I still see people do it every time I go to the gym is that high dual cable rear delt flop. The problem is raise your arm above your head you're going to notice your trap is fully engaged because it has to be that's responsible for tilting that scapula up. That's why nobody really does side ladders above 90 degrees. Some people do but some people are idiots. So this exercise for me is a stupid stupid. Don't do it. The bent over unilateral version is a nice idea because again you're stretching across your body but as you start to come up the further you go your traps are at up. It's a D D plus for me it really just comes down to two exercises on here that I absolutely love. The first one being the dual cable variation where you keep your arms closed your body because again mimics the same thing we do on the dumbbells but it's constant tension and you can kind of tilt your body back and forth to find that perfect angle phenomenal. It's an S. But if I can only do one rear delt exercise for the rest of my life which in itself is a dumb game to play it would be this variation. The single arm rear delt partial range of motion we're focusing on that stretch actually turning your body slightly into it. It's a horrible stretch. It's a great connection. The only squeeze so much and you can overload it if you want to go nice and heavy it's the fucking best. I know we kind of went deep into the weeds today so I apologize but if it's something you're interested in and you like it then we could do the side delton front del variation and continue this otherwise I'll just go back to working out and make a dick jokes. Okay with that. And if you don't already know I just released two new 30 minute programs. One's for people who have access to full gym equipment the other one for people that are stuck in their garage. Both of them are death. I don't care how much time you have this program is harder than anything you're doing I guarantee it. If you don't believe me just buy it and if you don't like it I'll give you your money back and send you a nice delicious bag of little gummy dicks.

=== FILE: These are a GAME CHANGER! [Ng1oovuUygc].txt ===

I'm sure by this point you've heard about peptides. And there are peptides for everything. Injury prevention, that loss. Growth hormone secretion, you name it. But if you're sitting there wondering, what in the hell is a peptide? How do they work? And probably the most important question, are they legal? Let's dive in. Please don't f*** up my life. Let's first start out by going over exactly what a peptide is. There's simply a small chain of amino acids. And the reason they become so popular recently is because for the most part, they avoid the negative feedback loop. What's the negative feedback loop? A good way to explain it is, let's say you get your blood worked on and find out you're a good candidate for growth hormone therapy. I know it's rare, but just follow me. Let's say your mom was on acuténe, which you conceived you and you're one of those fish babies. If you were to take H.G.A.H. there's more potential side effects. Due to the fact it's an exogenous hormone. It's created outside the body. Therefore, skip so if your body's natural feedback mechanisms which prevent excessive hormone levels. That's why there's been so much negativity around G.H.A.H.A.H.A.Bs because excessive growth hormone levels have been linked to certain types of cancer. The peptide version does not have this problem. The act is secretive gorg, stimulating your body to produce more growth hormone. And again, they're just amino acids. So if they're not used for the direct purpose of stimulating, your body will use them someplace else. A amino acid, it's like BCA's for adults. Now, peptides are by no means some new thing. And if you haven't heard of them by now, there's a reason for that. You have no friends. Because if this is 2023 and red-run here is where Lex Luger saved America by slamming yoga zone. And all the way back here is when the first peptide was discovered in 1921 in summer. And if you didn't know that, it's okay, because neither did I because I don't have any friends either. It just me and my thick wife. I only recently started paying attention to peptide. Since Derek exposed the liver king and showed that list of things he was taking to which my response was a little bit different than everybody else. Everybody else was shocked. I was not. The guy was gusling down Bulldox all day. Of course, he's going to put everything under the sun and his body. But there were stuff on that list, some peptides that I'd never heard of and doing research on him after they're pretty phenomenal. So let's go over some of the things I've learned and highlight some of the ones I'm most excited about. Starting off with growth hormones, so creative dogs. And these fall into two categories. You got your growing agonist and your GHRH analogs. But before we jump into these, you need to know why it's important your growth from on levels, continue to fall in a normal range as you age. It's because they've done a meta analysis, looking at 54 original parallel randomized placebo controlled trials with over 3,400 participants, looking at the difference between GH deficit people, versus those that've been supplemented and found that people with a growth hormone deficit had a statistically significant, fatter, less muscle, and overall lower quality life. I know, right? Sox. So we have these two different categories of growth hormone stimulating peptides that work in very different ways. The question is, which one should you use? Or if you're working with a clinician, which one of you hoping they prescribe you? And if they're any good, the answer is both. It's because your body's natural production of growth hormone is caused by either growlin, which is mostly located in your stomach, making its way up to your ball-sacle, looking at two aterre gland, where through a series of fortunate events, it synthesizes and secretes more growth hormone. That's a fucking G. Or your hypothalamus releases GHRH, which is how it's just to accept or on the two aterre gland, synthesizing, and releasing more growth hormone. Better. So, by introducing both the growing agonists and GHRH, we're gonna get obviously a more substantial release, but more important than that, a physiological release pattern that mimics our own. You believe this is what I was trying to draw? I should not have made it this far. I set up my own balls at least once a day. You also might have heard of this one, MK677. And this one is interesting, because it too is a growing agonist, but in a pill form. And I talked a few doctors about this, and ask why would you recommend this one over the other ones? Ease of use. Most people don't wanna stab themselves with insulin syringe three times a day, but they'll take a pill. But that being said, it doesn't come without side effects, increases your appetite. So you run the risk of being that guy at the gym that you can't tell if he's getting more muscular, or he's just getting fatter. So let me give you my experience so far because I've noticed two major things. First one being my muscles are always fuller and arounder. I know it's hard to tell because for some reason, this is the first day I decided to wear a shirt that fits me, hold on. The second major thing I've noticed is the quality of my sleeve. Subjectively I wake up and I feel more rested, but objectively, when I'm not a lazy piece of shit and I take my shop before bed, I've noticed my HIV score is higher. Pair that with a mouth taping I've been doing, my sleep has been phenomenal. I just put this here for a chair, but I realize probably everybody's freaking out wondering if this is butt light. It is not. If you're sitting there wondering why I'm sharing all this, I look at this channel a little bit differently. If there's something new that I'm excited about, I'm gonna share it with you. It's like growing up if I had an older brother and he took me under his wing and let me borrow a few of his slammers and showed me the ropes, that's what I want this to be. And technically I did have an older brother, but he sucked so whatever. Next up, let's go over what people have dubbed the Wolverine Stack. BPC157, a synthetic version of a naturally-curring protein found in the stomach that protects against tissue damage and improves tendon and ligament healing. TB500, a synthetic version of a natural-curring peptide thomas and beta-4, anti-inflammatory, improves wound healing. Now, I know most people won't get excited about the idea of a recovery-based peptide, but anybody who's been training for a long time will tell you, the most important thing to make sure you continue to make progress is consistency. Nothing will screw you and make you want to punch your wife in the neck like an injury. From my own personal experience, I crushed the C6 to C7 disk in my neck, as well as head bulges from C2 to C3, and I had to follow up to C5 to C6. I was a little screwed up. I ended up causing horrible pain in my left trap and then nerve damage where I couldn't fire my left tricep or left pack, and even palsy in my serratus anterior. Now I come,plete dumpster fire. And it appears they somehow got a picture of my asshole. That's my mouth. The thing that saved me was those two peptides. I'd lost an inch on my left arm. My physically could not do a dip because my left side was dead, and I hated my life. I know it sounds crazy, but within two weeks, I saw a noticeable difference. I could actually start firing those muscles again and today it's fine. Life doesn't suck. So let's get into the loss running peptides because it is as gray as it gets. Technically, you can Google and find your peptide site and buy as many as you want because they're labeled research chemicals. But you can't legally take them. Even chatGBT had no idea why that was. It just falls under the FDA, but there's no actual law. It's a subcategory of research chemicals, but it isn't really actually stated firmly on their site. Who knows? What I'm saying is I can't exactly knock you if you buy in that way because I've done it. My situation's a little bit different because I have a nurse practitioner in the family, so we can draw blood and do last whenever we want. She can advise me on what to take, but even that in terms of a lot, technically, probably frowned upon. So what I'm going to do going forward because by basically just out of myself, and I don't want somebody to kick down my door, what I'm going to do is what I recommend anybody who's interested in peptides do, reach out to an online HRT clinic. I know Derek has one, there's one called Titan. The one I'm going to use is called Ways to Well. Just because I reached out to the founder, and he was incredibly helpful with this video. Lastly, let me give you a lot of data and semi-glute type because I made a whole video about it, so I'm not going to run through specifics of it, but it works too well. I've had a back down to half a milligrams once a week. Don't take it. I've gotten a couple of family members who are type two diabetes and it works incredibly well. And for anybody in the comments that's freaking out, oh my god, you're taking it from all the diabetic people. It's not how it works. There's the semi-glute type version, which is the peptide version, and the pharmaceutical version. There are two different things. Don't be dumb. As always, programs are linked in the description. They're all only 20 bucks for 30 days. And I don't care how in shape you are, they're going to kick your ass.

=== FILE: This 100% Gets You WIDER! [to7y50jfa5M].txt ===

Do you want rounder and wider shoulders? Then this is the most important video you're ever gonna watch because I've spent the last six months in the lab Trying to make my training even more efficient the lab is just a dumb way of saying I've been working out a lot in my garage and reading a crap load of case studies And it still amazes me that the more information I gather and the more I know the more I realize There's a lot of shit that I didn't know for example the lateral head of my delts has grown more in the last three months Than at any other point in my training career and that's all due to a tweak in my form because now I believe There is a definitive right way to do side lateral. So don't believe me. I'm gonna use this guy to help prove my point Which is gonna be a bit difficult because He's been through a lot Now everyone categorizes the deltoid muscle by its heads the anterior lateral and posterior And what separates them and allows them to be categorizes their own individual head is that each of them have their own Separate intermuscular tendon that insert into the humoral shaft Sorry about that. It's not you. It's me It's you here's a question for you since we know it has three separate insertions. How many different points of origin are there? Say it with me now 7 it has freaking 7 the reason that's so important is found in this case study where they look at how those seven segments originate and Their function and what they found is that and what they found is that the deltoid originates up the spine of the scapula The acromion and the clavicle, but not how I thought this is a top down view of my right shoulder and how it's segmented based upon that case study The first thing you're gonna notice is that medial segment, but it makes up your side delt is actually a very small percentage Now obviously all the segments are gonna work in conjunction to create abduction of your arm But that should give you the first aha moment those giant wide bolder shoulders that you would gladly throw your mom in front of A bus for aren't so much the lateral head of your doubt They're actually a lot of anterior delts because that mean we should start pressing more to get wider shoulders No, that won't target those fibers either what I'm saying is that if you're doing lateral raises directly out to the side That's a mistake now before I go into a step-by-step break down of what I feel is the optimal way to do side Laterals based upon this knowledge I had people DM me them doing lateral raises just to see if anybody And neatly did them correctly don't ever ask anybody to DM you anything there was dicks everywhere Nope, definitely not this is the classic old man side lateral that you'll see it every single gym not correct But I appreciate you fitting the stereotype all right big man not not correct But I appreciate you sending that this is by far the closest one, but it could be better Everything starts with your hand because it dictates the internal and external rotation of your shoulder You can see that if I supinate my palm I've now put my shoulder into external rotation if I do a lateral raise in that position It's all anterior delt but not the segments that we're trying to target It's the one that comes off the clavicle and you could just target that with presses I understand that for some people That's their only option because their shoulders are so dysfunctional. That's the only side laterals they can do That sucks the correct way which is gonna sound crazy at first But it will make sense is by Proteating your palm and internally rotating your shoulder what that does is perfectly align the segments that actually make up your lateral head Base to find that case study which are all the ones that come off the acromion So you can see we're now targeting all the way back to the posterior segment that comes off the backside of your chromium Which they called P1 all the way to the anterior segments a three a two and actually limiting the activation of a one Which comes off your clavicle because it can't really fire in this position And before anybody freaks out. Yes, we are creating an impingement if you try to internally rotate your shoulder and go directly out to the side you can That's because your humoral head actually jams up in your chromium Terring up all your rotator cuff muscles and if you did that over a period of time you would grind them like cheese There's a better example what that looks like internally rotate in and then grind those rotator cuff muscles like your back at a seventh grade dance Again, we're not going directly out to the side I just had to reiterate how the shoulder works because I know somebody's going to watch this and say actually I feel the best connection when I internally rotate my shoulder and go directly out That's not a mind muscle connection those are micro tears That's bad we're staying in the scapular plane and the easiest way to understand where that is just put your arms out to your side And pretend there's a camera looking directly down on you your first thoughts gonna be why I look like a dumbass How did I ever trick a woman into sleeping with me and then you're gonna bring your arms towards your center at about 30 to 45 degrees That's scapular plane You oddly shaped weird out my favorite variation is the one on the incline bench It's roughly around 75 degrees because it puts you at the perfect position makes you control the weight and allows you to just focus on what your arms are doing That's all you have to do just don't mess that up and you will grow you're probably still gonna mess it up though And that's because for a lot of people this is gonna be an uncomfortable movement because they have poor internal rotation You can test that by pinning your shoulders of the wall and seeing if you can push your arm past parallel to the floor if you can't Yes suck If that's you then I would start every single workout with this stretch What you're gonna do is wrap a van around something lander side and with your off-hand You're gonna force yourself into internal rotation that's an important part because we want to put those tight internal rotators in a shortened position But not try to get them any stronger We're gonna force them into the position and then eccentrically load and fight that stretch Basically, it's a P&F stretch so it's perfectly safe to do you can do this every single day until you fix your problem It shouldn't take long and less you're really suck. I'm back to the incline variation because I think there's some very important cues I can give you to help guarantee success and cues is hard to say The first one is that as your arms raised up it should feel like you're pouring out jugs of water or milk Doesn't matter. I would choose milk. That should remind you to not only maintain internal rotation But also make sure your elbow is leading the movement your hand should never come higher than your elbow If you have trouble maintaining that form grab a strap like this or one of the ankle ones women use for training their glutes and put it above your elbow and Practice that form and yeah, this alone is a viable exercise The other thing I want you to take note of is shoulder elevation and just so we're clear It's not a bad thing in fact is part of the scapula humoral rhythm It's a functional part of how your shoulder should do a lateral raise, but it depends on what elevates your shoulder the incorrect way Which is what most people do is either engage their trap before they start the movement or just naturally engage it as they go Your traps should not elevate your shoulder the proper way actually comes from your lats as you flare out that drives your shoulder up But also disengages that trap and I understand this is gonna feel a little awkward at first But I guarantee once you master it you're never gonna have your traps jump in and ruin your life again Interesting note when I did all the EMG testing one of the things I wanted to figure out is what exercises were really trapped on me Because that's the complaint that everybody has Side later was in the scap they're playing ended up being one of the best exercises to do meaning that had some of the highest Activation of the delts while still maintaining low engagement of the traps So pairing that information with how we now know the delts are actually segmented and function in the orientation of those fibers It'd be hard for me to do anything but lateral raises in the scap your plane going forward and once you've mastered that the next step is to move on to standing Grab some heavier dumbbells and move some weight around But again, make sure you maintain that same exact path because that actually targets the segments that are the side delt Not the side that we thought was actually the side that's actually very small. It's the anterior side the side that we've been neglecting for the last 20 years And the reason we didn't have big boulder fucking shoulders if you guys are interested We can do a whole series like this Where we go body part by body part really getting into the grid of it because for me It's made one hell of a difference as always programs a link below again. They're shutting down soon So if there's one of them you want to kick your own ass with I would get it now You won't lose access, but I'm creating something that'll drop around October 1st that everybody's been asking for that's why

=== FILE: This 100% Works! [7yKWqEd48Ec].txt ===

Got a small chest? Don't worry because mine was too. In fact over the last six months I went from an A cup to a solid C with just minor tweaks in my form. For example, I'm sure you've heard people say including myself that the best way to press is with your elbows at 45 degrees. I now think this is 100% incorrect and the reason my chest didn't grow. What? Also, if you're someone who's anterior delts constantly jump in, it isn't because your delts are so dominant. They probably suck too. It's actually a postural issue that you can quickly fix. To help understand exactly what you've been doing wrong, we need to look at the anatomy of the packet cell. Now we've previously gone over the sternal costal head and based upon cadaver studies, there's actually seven functional segments. But that's not what I want you to focus on today. The biggest aha moment comes when you search a study how it inserts into the crest of the greater tubercle of the humorous. I've heard people say that a muscle contraction, the insertion to the origin, but that's incorrect. Because the myocin enact and throughout the muscle all contract simultaneously and what determines what moves is based upon what's fixed. Your sternum and your clavicle aren't going anywhere. The only thing that's going to move is the insertion. Now interestingly, the two major heads of your pack actually contradict each other. Based upon fiber orientation, your click your head causes your arm to raise while your sternal costal head causes it to lower. Now in reality, they're not going to work independently like that. I mean, yes, you can raise your arm and feel that your upper chest is contracted and actually still be able to jiggle your lower chest like it's an utter. But in most cases, they're going to fire as one and when they do, they create two completely separate actions. The first one being adduction of your arm, the second one internally rotating your humorous. And I'm sure you're sitting there thinking, wow, thank you for wasting my time with a basic anatomy lesson. But it was critical I explained those things because the moment I fully understood those two actions as well as exactly where the pack inserted was. The moment I realized how badly I was screwing up my chest training. You see, for years, I thought the best way to train your chest was with your elbows at 45 degrees because I've seen several case studies showing that gets the least amount of deldactivation and hell. I even bought EMG devices myself to test it and yeah, that's the case, but my chest continued to suck. What I found out is that when you focus your training on trying to limit deldactivation during your pressing movements, you end up putting less stress on your pack. That's bad. And if you're somebody who's answered else constantly jump in, it's more of a sign of poor transfers thoracic mobility. And by the end of this video, we will fix that issue. I guarantee it. It's starting to go macho man there. Ooh, he's a cream rastro the top. I was neglecting the most important part of any pressing movement. And that is the goal of any press is to create distance from the origin to the insertion and then contract it. Add it's best. A pressing movement is the safest and most effective way to overload the pack through a full range of motion and target specific sections based upon the angle which you contract. Which means that if your biomechanics are in check and you have no structural limitations, then you should be looking to the opposite of the primary action of the pack as you descend into the eccentric of a press. Which again, we're addduction of your arm and internally rotating your humerus. Let's say I set up to do a press. Remember the goal is to create distance from the origin to the insertion. If I set up at 45 degrees, you can see I'm not lengthy the muscles as much as I could based upon where it inserts. Hold on, let me get somebody else's boobs to help me explain. Yes, at 45 degrees, there's a deep stretch, but not in comparison. You can even see with Cates 800 CC bags of sand that there's a clear difference between here and a fully abducted arm. Also remember one of the main things your pack wants to do is add ducts. So why would we put it in a position that makes it easier for addduction? We should be trying to do the opposite. We should actually put it into abduction to create length. Now I'm not saying you should try to force your elbows to your ears when you go into the eccentric of a press because that will create an impingement. But what I'm saying is that everybody's form goes through this natural progression. Whenever one first starts out training, their form always looks the same. Doesn't matter if they're doing push-ups or presses, their elbows flare out to 90 degrees. That form is obviously horrible for your shoulders. At that angle, the glennel humor ahead will jam into your cromion. And it's only a matter of time before it turns those rotator cuff muscles into... And after you injure your shoulder enough times, you learn you should be keeping your elbow anywhere from 45 to 70 degrees to avoid any impingement. But if you're anything like me and you have genetically gifted triceps and a dog shit chest, it doesn't grow. Until one day you wake up and realize that maybe it's not such a bad thing that much like my prick, the path that my elbows follow, has a little curve to it. I've said too much. That means that if you do these correctly, you're going to be able to get the best of both worlds. By lowering the weight with your elbows started out at 45 degrees, you now minimize the risk of any potential impingement. And once you've cleared your cromion, you can abduct your arm even further, increasing the length and stretch on your peck muscle. Good job, but... And not to be the dead hoker, but I know some people are going to say, actually the 45 degrees are deep enough stretch for me, and it puts it on a perfect angle to hit those calivic to their fibers to issues with that. The first one being, I'm sure you've been training like this for a lot of how many years, is your upper chest overdeveloped yet? Probably not, because I don't think that's the most effective way to actually target those fibers more on that later. The second issue being is this position for most people will cause their shoulders to tip forward and further internally rotate, causing those delts to jump in, that's not what we want. The next obvious question is, how do I know when it's safe to abduct or elevate my arm as I'm descending? It's a great question. The cool thing about making changes based upon anatomy is you can check your own biomechanics and see what works best for you. For example, if I put my arm up at 90 degrees and start to descend, I can feel the impingement happen about 2-3rds of the way down. That lets me know that the abduction I'm doing should come in the last third of the movement. Once I've already cleared that impingement. The next obvious question is, how much should your elbows have duck to what degree? If you started at a 45 degrees, where should they end up? The politically correct answer would be 70, but that's not what I do. As I approach the bottom, I really exaggerate the abduction, because at that point there's no rotational force, so I'm not worried about any shearing, and it's almost like a side lateral, because even if you do hit those neighbors above you, which is your rotator cuff muscles touching the acromion, it is just like a side lateral. It happens all the time, not a big deal, so I think you're not twisting and shearing. You're not going to create more shade guys. One critical thing is you do have to make sure you maintain the same path. The one you went down on the e-centric is the same as the concentric. Otherwise, you will scratch them shit on the way out. I know for a lot of people seeing the slight abduction of the arm isn't going to give you an aha moment. It's something you have to experience. The only thing I can relate to is, you know, when you're training biceps, you get that horrible debilitating pump, you can barely move it, and that's what stops you from training. That's what I've been able to develop with my chest, by learning that simple movement with my elbow, to really increase the stretch. Now I get those debilitating pumps and that mine muscle connection with my tits. Now we can't technically do the opposite of the second major action of the pack. What you can was internally rotating your humors. We're not going to be able to externally rotate it. That would create one awful looking press. But what we can do is engage our lower traps and our rhomboids to create additional length, but instead of horizontally this time, it's now going to be vertically. By pulling your shoulders back and down, it ensures that your chest is the prime mover, but this is key. There's two things I want you to look out for. The first one being don't lock your shoulders in the place. I grew up playing football and I remember coaches drilling in your head lock your shoulders in so you could bench press 135 to hold times because in high school you were a pus. It's natural to have shoulder movement. How else do you think you're going to shorten the distance from your insertion to your origin if your shoulders are pinned all the way back? You're f***ing can't. The second being do not arch your back. These benches are flat for a reason because it targets a specific area of fibers based upon the angle of the bench. When you arch, you're targeting the wrong fibers. If you're on a flat bench press, you're not going declin. I say this from experience because up until a couple months ago I used to lock myself into place, arch my back and screw everything up. Let me walk you through how I set up every single press. The first thing I do is pull my shoulders back and down. But again, they're not locked into place. Pretend like your six years old again, you got your Nintendo backpack on. It looks like a gameboy and you got a shitload of books in it. It's heavy, but you're not locked so much that you're trying to crack the top of your ass. From doing that, you're going to never get a slight arch. So when I lay back, I'm going to try to push my belly button to the pad, flatten everything out, and now I'm ready to press. For a lot of people, the biggest problem they're going to run into is being unable to pull those shoulders back. That's why Donnie Thompson's bow ties such a great invention, but it's a tool, it's not a crutch and not easy to get out of. It comes back to what I mentioned before, having poor transfers thoracic mobility. Now there's a couple ways you can self identify if you have this problem. The first one being kinesthetic. If every time you train your chest, you feel it in your anterior delts, you probably can't create enough distance, vertically, to be able to bring your shoulders back and lead and take the load on your chest. The second test is whether or not you have pain. If one of your rhomboys physically constantly has a knife sticking out of it, I can pretty much pinpoint what you did. Over the course of your life, it's a term that one size better to tug with than the other. You do it two to three times per day with a death grip, because who wants to use two fingers? That's just sad and lonely, but what it does is cause that rhomboy to overstretch over length and then spasm and try to protect itself, which causes the other side to overcombatate and shorten even more. It's even more restrictions to transfer stress and play and but don't worry, we're going to fix it right now. The last test is partially a setup for one of the ways we're going to fix it. You're going to start out kneeling and put one forearm on the ground. The other hands are going to go behind your back. This is the side we're testing and you're going to see visually with a camera in front of you. How much you're able to open up that shoulder and don't be surprised if one side's more restricted than the other. That's usually the way it works. The side you tug with is usually a little bit easier. The other side overcompensates and is stuck. Congratulations. I'm sure you were able to identify that you're screwed up. I'm going to run through the three exercises I do before every workout and I do it daily because I used to have rhomboy pain and I'm scared to death of it coming back, but even if you don't I would do this before every chest workout just to make sure your shoulders are pulled back. I start off kneeling with one forearm on the ground, but my hands are going to be on my head this time and I try to create as much movement and that upper back is possible while driving through that forearm that's on the ground. I'm going to feel muscles you've never felt before. They've always been there. You just sucked at training them. 10 reps each side and then I'm going to grab a band wrap it around something and create distance because I want tension. I'm going to actively engage the serratus anterior by punching forward and then letting it relax and pull me even further from there. I engage the rhomboy and pull it back. 10 reps on each side two cents. The last one I'm going to put that band around my shoulder, put my hand behind my back to force internal rotation and then get distance to create tension. The goal with this one is to allow that band to force you into a deep stretch and then engage that rhomboy to open up that shoulder and really work that transverse thoracic mobility. Which you've neglected your entire life. I mentioned I was going to tell you my favorite way to hit the upper chest, those particular fibers and I know this is going to stir some shit because I've seen the most progress with this exercise. But the caveat being I had to fix my transverse thoracic mobility first. That way I can lead with my chest. What I do is hop on the smith machine and actually increase the angle of the bench to make it even steeper. As I go into the negative, I force those shoulders to ab duck to really increase the length of that pack and as I contract up, your elbows will naturally abduck so you don't really have to think about it but just make sure you don't keep them flared out the whole time because that won't work. And again, the reason I think this works is we're forcing the chest to lengthen as much as humanly possum. So try it for yourself and see how you like it. Or don't and continue to look like shit. I don't care. As always, programs are linked below. Get after it and get growing. What are you saying, ABD? I'm saying add that's why I'm going to make sure you want you say ADDduction. Because that's not your style. That's what disabled people do.

=== FILE: This 100% Works! [ozZKx9yC24E].txt ===

By the end of this video, I guarantee you will change the way you train your shoulders for F4. And don't believe me, here's a good example. Our bell front raise is actually a horrible exercise for your dealt. So you end up getting 14% more activation of your traps, then you do out of those anterior dealt. But if you just slightly change your form, take a supinated grip and add a little bend to the elbows, it completely transforms it. You end up getting 69.4% more activation of your anterior dealt, then you do out of your trap. And there are so many examples just like that. And let's start off by going over the testing idea to figure out the best exercises for that lateral head, because it is by far the most difficult dealt muscle to target. The most important factor I'm using to judge whether or not an exercise is actually good or not, is how much we're able to isolate down to just the muscle we're trying to target. So for this scenario, I'm going to attach an EMG device to my side dealt and one of my trap, and then compare the activation between the two. Just so we're clear, I'm taking the mean average activation of that side dealt, comparing it to the mean average activation of the upper trap, and the bigger the gap, the higher the percentage, the better the exercises for your dealt, the less likely your traps are going to jump in and ruin the workout. The reason the lateral head is the most difficult head to target is because it's not the only muscle responsible for abduction. It's also aided by your super-smanatus, your traps, and your serrated santeria. In fact, the initial part of abduction has nothing to do with your stupid deltoid. It actually is done by a rotator cuff muscle that originates on your scapula, goes across your hemorrhoid, attaches on the anterior side of your hemorrhase, the super-smanatus. It's responsible for the first 15 degrees of abduction. At 15 degrees, your lateral head finally jumps in and takes you all the way to 90. But this is the part that people fail to realize. This throughout the entire process of abduction, your upper traps, all the way to your lower, are working in conjunction with your serrated santeria, and a circle jerking type motion to help rotate and elevate that scapula to create some space, so there is no impingement in your shoulder. Do you realize what that means? It means no matter what you do, how good your form is, doesn't matter your traps are going to jump in, because that's their function, your screwed. This entire process, where your rotator cuff muscles, traps, stradis anterior deltoid, all work in tandem, is called the scapula-humor rhythm. And your body will do whatever it takes to stay in that rhythm. Meaning that if during the workouts, your deltoid gas, it'll just have your upper traps take over. I'm sure you felt that before, feels like failure. Like I said, when it comes to side delts, it's only a matter of time before your traps jump in and take over, because as you get further in the workout, your delts will generate less force. So your only hope is to figure out the exercises with the highest delpto trap activation ratio. That way you can delay the inevitable of your traps screwing up your entire workout for as long as possible, or even altogether. Luckily for you, I just spent the last week and a half testing. That's why in some of this footage, it looks like I just got done eating a gallon of ass. So let's get into the numbers. First, I compared dumbbell side lotterals in the scapula plane versus strict forms straight out to the side. And the scapula plane ended up having a higher delto-trap activation at 60%. Just sort of everybody understands. The scapula plane is just a fancy way of staying instead of doing the movement directly out to your side. You bring your arm in 30, 40 degrees, and it tends to help avoid any possible shoulder impingement. The scapula plane is to shoulder exercises, what soaking is to Mormon kids. It's the safer sex. Now there is an asterisk next to that wind for scapula plane because there's a lot of testing. And it starts out as the clear winner, but as you get further into the workout, it becomes less advantageous because you're bringing that dumbbell out in front of you. You're going to get trap activation. So by set four, there was 19.9% doubt to trap activation by set six, which very few people are going to do six sets, but still 2.2%. On the flip side of that side, lateral is done with very strict form. Hel up all the way to the sixth set with 17.9% doubt to trap activation. More on this story, if you're doing side later, it was in the scapula plane. And you start to feel your traps engage, or maybe even just preemptively a few sets in, switch over to the strict form, so your workout doesn't turn to shit. Or hop on the cables because these things are pretty impossible to screw up. Both variations in front and behind maintain a high activation ratio. 38.1% in front, 32.8% behind. That's after several sets, which makes sense because the flow of dumbbell side laterals is your basically just throwing weight out to the side, and expecting other muscles to jump in and stabilize it. If you don't believe me, just grab a heavy S dumbbell and do a single arm side lateral. You'll probably wake up halfway across the gym with some kids selfie stick tripod up your ass. The angle of tension of this exercise is perfect for your lateral head to work against. So if you're somebody who has trouble targeting it, this has the potential to be your first and only friend in this life. Now if you ever ran into an issue where during the workout, no matter what you did, you felt it in your traps. I found a way around this. I set up a test where I trained my traps to the point that I couldn't even turn my head. And then I tested every single lateral head exercise to see if there was still one where I got more delt than trap activation. There was one. The partial rep side lateral where you stay in the initial range of motion. And even with my delts fatigued and my traps dry him with the back of my neck, I still got 11.3% more activation out of my delts. But the key is you can't go too heavy. I picked away the cause me to fail roughly around 25, 30 reps done in a nice slow control manner. But the moment I grabbed heavier dumbbells, the ones you end up bouncing off whatever the hell is in your pocket, the movement fell apart. I actually got more trap activation than delt by 14.4%. Which makes sense because you're basically doing a farmer's carry and flapping your arms. Which means that machines, high ladders, done in a similar fashion are also a viable option. Now just in case somebody's wondering whether or not you can actually build muscle with that lighter weight. Let me side a 2016 case study to answer your dumb question. They took two groups of trained individuals, so not a bunch of dorky untrained people. And they had one group trained a failure at 30 to 50% their one rep max. So roughly 20 25 reps, the other group 75 to 90% of their one rep max. So right around 8 to 12 reps. The results, virtually identical. Same same. Other important findings, incline dumbbell partial side ladders. If you do them with your arm directly to your side or slightly on front, not bad. 17.5% more activation out of your delt. But if you pull that arm behind you, like you're contracting with your rear delt, complete shit. 17.6% more trapped than delt. Those awful side ladders, you see a lot of people do it the gym where their arm is perfectly fixed at 90 degrees. Not bad, even fatigue. 13.6% more delt. Still looks stupid, but not bad. To recap everything we learned about side delts. The best bet is probably doing side ladders with very strict form. Unless you have some sort of horrible impingement that makes it feel like you have some sword fighting going on in your shoulder. Then I would start with ones done in the scapular plane, just know that you have a very limited time before those start to suck as well. When that happens, I'd go to partial side ladders with very lightweight or hop on the cables because those are hard to screw up. But with that being said, I wouldn't actually program side delts in the beginning. I'd say them all the way to the end because they have the greatest potential to ruin your entire workout. And if you factor in what I'm about to show you for posterior and anterior delts, where you can almost completely take your traps out of the workout, it makes sense. Just shut up and listen. Next up, let's dive in a rear delts because they're fascinating and make sure you realize how much every little stupid thing matters. Like seat height. Not even joking. Side note, this Costco jacket is fucking phenomenal. If you do rear delts, lies with the seat all the way up, so your arms end up being parallel to the floor when you use the handles that they intend for you to use. 60.8% delt to trap activation. Same everything, you just drop down the seat. That means your arms are going to be slightly angled up. 66.3%. And if you keep the seat in the same position, just move your hands and grab slightly higher on the outside of the bar. 69.4%. And before you say those are all acceptable percentages, who gives a shit, wait until you see this. Machine side laterals, where elbows tucked to the side, you do rear delt flies 78.4%. But it gets even crazier because you can basically turn off your traps when you realize the best way to train your rear delts is by doing any sort of traditional rear delt fly movement. Those are actually horrible in their crap. It's when you start doing movements where arms are close to your body and you're pulling back. Should give you a nice little flashback to fat camp when you were barely leading those other little chubbies in a race. So to ensure victory, push those moves out in front and broke that ribbon. We're mimicking that kind of movement too much. Behind the back barbell raises, pronated grip 94.3% supinated 94.5%. And this makes sense the more you think about it because to maintain good form, you have to tuck your chin that's going to put those traps on stretch. So even if they wanted to help, they couldn't. This should help illustrate how absurd this is. This is the gap between the rear delt machine fly in the best possible position. And this is how little your traps are activating during the behind the back raises. Also look, I got three hairs left in my head. Just in case you wanted to see every single one of my dogs. In this episode, dog number two, Henry. He's gorgeous. He's the best looking fucking dog you've ever seen. I don't know why anybody would get rid of him. Maybe he's a pain in the ass. That's probably why, but Henry. Yeah, that's it. Turn around. I think. Hey, look, sit. Stay there. Everybody needs to see your face. The dumbbell version of that. You do an incline bench with a pronated grip is just phenomenal. 94.2%. The only exception I found with that traditional dumbbell fly was parts of movements done in the incline. It was around 74%. But even that still doesn't compare to just pulling the weight straight back. That means every other cable variation, other than the ones I've shown, like the rotations, or this one where your arms are completely tucked to your side. And you're almost pulling against your stomach as you pull past is going to suck. So I can compare this and we look at the numbers. High cable rear belt flies 27.4%. Now you can pair that to the other one where your arms are nice and locked out. You're close to your body. 75.5%. That's pretty big fucking difference. To recap rear belts, stop doing traditional rear belt fly movements. They're a waste. Keep your arm close to your side. Machine barbell dumbbell cables last but at least. And tear your delts. And this one's wild because an exercise can go from being awful to great with just a few small adjustments. And I originally started out by testing the anterior delts to the side delts because again, I thought that'd be the biggest issue. It wasn't. It was the traps. Especially when you're doing exercise like the dumbbell front raise because again, you're just throwing that weight out in front of you so your trap has to get involved. If you take a pronated grip, 32.4% anterior delts to trap activation. Hammer grip 49.1, Supernated grip 51.5. And this is where it gets bananas. If you slightly bend your elbow and take a supinated grip, 67.2%. What the fuck? That means there's a formula for isolating your anterior delts. You're going to rotate your palm and put it in a supinated position because that's going to externally rotate your shoulder. Next, you're going to change the length of your lever arm instead of being perfectly straight. It's slightly bent. Which is a very complicated way of saying just fucking do front raises like that. For the rest of your unfortunately short life. Now, I will say a cable front raise with a pronated grip isn't actually that bad. It ends up being 54.1%. But when you compare that to a supinated grip with a slight bend, 86.1%. So it's... This isn't absurd of amount of work. I need a lunch bowl. Next up, I tested a seated barbell press. Why grip? Clear winner. But this goes back to what I said earlier that every little stupid thing matters. When I put the bench back to just a little bit less of an inclined, it totally redeemed itself. And that makes sense when you think about it. When you're sitting up nice and tall on your elbows are close, then it's going to pull that load onto your traps. The wider grip is going to share some of the load with your side delts. But that also means this is probably a better position of press in just overall. So I tested it. And it is. If you do a hammer press in this position, 74.5%. If you slightly supinate your wrist, not even all the way, 85.5%. For anyone who doesn't understand why I think this is such a huge deal. Because I think as a man, you only have a few monumental moments in your life. The day you first discover your penis, which I was really young. I don't remember, but I'm sure it was an amazing day. The first day you're allowed to make physical contact with a woman. And I was today years old when I learned how to train shoulders properly. I'm a firm believer that your ability to isolate a muscle is the cheat code to growth. But with that being said, I still tested a few exercises that attempt to hit every single head of the delt, because I'm a big fan of finisher. Something you throw at the end of your workout that just ensures that that muscle has no choice. It's going to get destroyed. It's going to grow. So I tested bus drivers. Turns out the best way to do them is sit back at that same angle of the bench, or just sit back on that bench and do them that way. Because you get more activation out of every single head of your delt, then you do out of your traps. Another phenomenal exercise, rear delt focus around the world. The ones where you do them a little bit more dynamics. So you get kind of a swing as you can track out. They don't actually target your answer. You're answering your delts at all, but in terms of activation out of your rear and side out, they're amazing. And I'd rather have an exercise that targets those anyways. And hopefully your rear delts will cease to look like dilapitated balls. I've had people ask me when's a program coming out. I still have to test for back. So that'll be the next video. And then following that, I'll drop the program. So if you want to be the first to know, I'll leave a link in the description. That way you can put in your email. And then I'll sell that email to some Canadian farmers. Or just buy one of the already existing programs. The Chode Mafia is always the first to know. That was a lot of shit.

=== FILE: This ACTUALLY Works… [2pZtZ1EtxBs].txt ===

Today we're going over exactly how to get your biceps wider. And I know what you're thinking. No. When it comes to growing your biceps, the frustrating part is that some people can get away with putting a little to no thought. Couple exercises if they end a back day, training break y'all once a month, and they grow. Take Adam for instance. Although he has minimal knowledge of how to actually train and he's completed roughly three workouts in his life, you can tell his biceps will never beat them. Now, you can argue that that's just from years of chugging crispy creams like weeners have formed some sort of synth on his arms, but regardless, you can tell that width will never be his issue. Coronary heart disease will be. Here's the issue. To actually develop width, you need to equally hit your long head, your short head, and the often neglected muscle that sits beneath your biceps and protrudes on the lateral side, your break y'all. And even if it's not an underdeveloped piece of shit, I guarantee you're still training it wrong. There's no shame. Turns out we're all screwing it up. Taking exercise that we all love. The cross body hammer curl. Now, the reason we do it that way is we're trying to limit the involvement of the biceps break y'all at the very least, the short head, but the problem is, if you check out this study where they strap several people's biceps up to an EMG machine, how to do a concentration curl, and they compare to a supinated grip to a hammer grip, rotating and pronated grip, turns out the goddamn hammer curl activate their biceps even more than the supinated grip. Now, obviously, that's not a direct one to one, because they weren't comparing cross body hammer curls, and they weren't measuring the actual activation of the break y'all is, but it does give us some indication that we have no idea what the fuck we're doing. But there is some good news, because they showed you can limit the involvement of your long and short head if you take a pronated grip, which makes sense when you see what happens when you pronate your wrist. Based upon the fact that your biceps break y'all, your long and short head, both inserted the radial tuberosity, the forearm bone on your thumb side. Looks like a fucking holding his hand. When your wrist is pronated, it lengthens the break y'all at the distal end. So no matter how high or hard you contract up, it doesn't matter. It's still in a slightly stretched position, hence why your biceps look stupid when you flex like this. But that doesn't mean go sit in the corner of their gym and do reverse grip concentration curls because you'll look like even more of a creep. And there's a better way. And if you pair that information with another study where they checked the activation of all three muscles that by set by having somebody hold a weight out in front and rotate their wrist, again, pronated grip, fucking one. But that also means based upon the last case study, you have to be conscious of how you're doing the exercise and relation to gravity, meaning a reverse grip curl is not as good as a reverse grip curl with your elbows slightly full. So now that you have an idea of how to train, I'm the next question is how much? If you trust a science, then you know there's the threshold that you need to hit for high-purch feet to get that muscle to grow. It's roughly around 10 sets. But when you realize that if you want a wider bicep, that means 10 sets for your long head, short head and your brake alice. You should your pants a little bit because that's 30 fucking sets. It should be pretty obvious to you now while you're stuck. The four sets you tack on the end of your back day, or even the entire arm day where you do 10 sets, eight of which are probably short head, are not gonna cut it. What I'm saying is if that's how you train, then you're gonna have a harder time to grow in your biceps, then you would try to convince your girlfriend that the herpes you gave her came from a witches kiss. The witches kiss. When you're sitting on the toilet, taking a shit, your penis touches the underside of the toilet, roll the pubic hair and pee is, does getting the witches kiss. Now there are some exceptions. If you're genetically blessed, then they don't need this much work. Or if you have an incredible mind muscle connection, and you can more efficiently activate each muscle as you train, then they need much less. But that's not you. And I don't think everybody needs 30 sets because you can't completely isolate each muscle or there's a lot overlap, but with that being said, I'm not against it. And in fact, if you're biceps suck, you should do it, but do it intelligently. Split it up into two separate days. So for example, if you're somebody that has a dedicated arm day, then I would try to exclusively target short head and break ya'llus, then after shoulders or my personal favorite chest, I would hit that long head and then break ya'llus again. Just make sure you give yourself at least 48 hours in between so you don't interfere with muscle protein synthesis. So let's run through an example day of each one of those workouts, that way you have something to take action on, and you're not just sitting on your balls. First, I'd start out with a unilateral cable curl up, nice and high that way I can control the external rotation of my shoulder and really drive that contraction into the short head. From there, I'm grabbing a bench, angleing it slightly back, opening up those shoulders and doing dumbbell curls. From there, since I'm fairly inconsiderate, I'm gonna stay on that bench, set it up like a preacher curl, drive that contraction into the short head by really exaggerating and opening up that shoulder. Then right-end to concentration curls, but make sure you exaggerate the supination of your wrist even more than you normally would, because that's how you localize the contraction in that short head. As you can see, I like a lot of unilateral work because I didn't discover my other hand until I was 17 by that point. It was too late. The damage and the unequal development done from those 45 minute showers is a kid that already taking place. And for the breaky hours, now that we figured out everything we're doing wrong, it's pretty easy to hit. They're gonna grab a straight bar and do a 45 degree angle drag. From there, we're gonna do a verse clip curl, but again, elbows slightly in front to increase tension on that breaky hours, and then wrap it up with the drag curl. All those exercises are backed back to back to back. There's four sets of them. And if you don't feel like you discovered the secret to growing your breaky hours and getting wider biceps after that, go ahead. And for the long head breaky hours day, I'd actually start by hitting your breaky hours. First, with a reverse grip straight bar curl, and make sure you lean back to drive that tension to the lateral side. And then stay there and go right into drag curls. Last, we're gonna bring back that cross body hammer curl but this time take a pronative grip. And you can instantly see the difference on these. As you go in the eccentric portion, that breaky hours lights up, and this is painful. So if you're somebody that loves sucking those little baby dicks, this one's for you. And for the long head, let's bring back a classic and start out with 21s. Now, obviously we're gonna do more, because we're sticks, so we're gonna do 30s. Start out with 30 reps at the top. Then we'll go right into the full range motion that way you can actually get them and you don't just sit there dry, help an error, and then we'll do the bottom portion. And then we're gonna hop on the bench and do an inclined dumbbell curl. But I want you to play around with the angle of the bench a little bit because for me, I can even more extreme. I feel a better connection and the research backs it up, the more stretch your bicep is, the more it's gonna target that long head. And then we're gonna finish up with the cables. First, with the 45 degree angle rope drag curl, and then flip around, grab a single handle and mimic that incline curl. I'll be honest with you. This video is just an excuse to use this whiteboard because since I bought it, the only thing I've done is drawn a bunch of dicks. But I will say I'm getting pretty damn good. This is where I started. And this is today. If you need more help building muscle, the new program drops in two weeks, and if you haven't bought all the previous ones, then karma is gonna get you. It's only a matter of time for you end up choking, I want those little baby dicks.

=== FILE: This Changes Everything… [Ez3Rys3HJqQ].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to exactly what you should eat pre-workout, and it's all backed by science, and it is getting fascinating, and I guarantee you're doing it wrong, because I was too f*** you strawberry. Now, I'm sure just like me, you've gone too hard in the paint during a cheap mail. Welcome to the next morning and had the most painful disgusting pumps during your training, but we can't do that every day, because then we'll just end up looking like little fat pillsbury workout boys. But there are some insights we can gain from those epic cheap meals that will help us optimize our pre-workout nutrition and put our muscles in a prime state to grow. To do that, we got to go over exactly what happens when your muscle contracts. I think this is actually a well-sforgiana. Now obviously there's a lot more that goes on, but here's a list of some of the major role players that we can actually have an impact on. And you thought that clenching your bunchyx to stop a rogue fart was all about the mind muscle connection. Turns out there's a lot more to it than that. Nerves of what tell your muscle cells to contract it. Rest you have higher concentrations of sodium outside your muscle cell than inside and higher potassium levels inside than outside, but when you contract this reverses. And it's that beautiful scissoring ice capades that's critical for nerve function. And that should be your aha moment. When you wake up in the morning, take a piss and it's dark brown and burns like hell that means that you're dehydrated and you're dicks about to fall off. But also, you can't gag down a gallon of water and expect they're not to be consequences. And I get them. They're used to replenish and balance those electrolytes throughout the day, but also supplement them prior to during and obviously after you're training because that's when they're most depleted. Unless you're me and you just sweat all the fucking time. I've never understood why people have to do this. I mean, why do you need to see through the little pocket here? Only I can think of is that you just store a bunch of polaroid dick pics and hand them out to random people. You lose anywhere from 500 to 2000 milligrams of sodium as you train as well as some potassium, magnesium, and blah blah blah. How do you know if you're somebody that sweats out 500 milligrams are closer to 2000 and beyond? What was every hat you own look like it's got John Denver's beloved Rocky Mountains on it? They're on the high red sick fuck. And I can't stress this enough. If you're not getting a pump when you train, it might not be the reason you think that you didn't carve up on enough kid's cuisine before you hit the gym. It's because your electrolytes are far. And it goes without saying I'm talking directly to athletes and highly trained individuals. If you're somebody that plays Russian roulette with your heart every time you tug it, this isn't for you. To get back on the right track, all you need to do is find an electrolyte mix with the right ratios. And I'm not going to even pretend like I remember what those are, so I'll just put them here. Bad news is there's a shit load of them and most of them taste like crushed up by kid and so fine ones, they have enough sodium potassium into a lesser extent magnesium. Here's some options. This one's my favorite, but I hate to show it because you ask holes always buy all of it. But if you're not going to do that, at the very least, start adding sea salt to your water. Cool story, bro. But what about those delicious, delicious carbs? Well, you got three options. It really depends on what your priority is. Whether you're trying to lose fat, build muscle or you can do what I do. And they've already swith in my shirt. When your primary goal is fat loss, obviously on a maintain as much muscle as possible. But more than anything else, you want to lose head extra fat because you know when summer comes and that shirt comes off, your new girlfriend's going to see those glorious outers and she's gone. So you got to trim down those milky moves ASAP. Then you should train carb depleted. That means you don't get any fucking carbs. Because when you do you increase fat metabolism. And I know some people are going to push back on that. So I only pull from my own anecdotal experience. When I'm on an I hate everything low carb high protein diet, I lose fat at a faster rate. When I do something really extreme like trained fasted first thing in the morning, the results are even better. So do with that, what's you will to help those outers. Would you look at that happy bastard? The next option is focusing your carbohydrate intake around your training, roughly 60 to 90 minutes before that what you make sure have enough muscle glycogen. And I know that sounds like a magical made-up word, but all muscle glycogen is, is a few glucose molecules going as to ass and that's how we storm in our muscles. And it's the energy source for a contraction. You burn roughly one gram of carbohydrates for every minute you train. So it leads you to believe that if you trained for 60 minutes, you only need to ingest 60 grams. Don't do that. Carbohydrates are glucose. Obviously plays other roles in your body. So when you take it in, some will go to your liver, some will make it to become muscle glycogen. And some will just piss off and float through your bloodstream like it's a goddamn lazy river. That's why you'll see that people that have done the research on this and are the experts will recommend that you need to take in one to two grams per kilogram before you train which are numbers that I don't fucking understand. So I use 0.45 to 0.9 grams per pound. But I think you're safer stay on the side of 0.45 per pound. For me, that's around 100 grams. Now the question is what kind of carbs should you take in? Well, you really only want two kinds. Fructose and glucose. Because they both have different rates of absorption, which provides both quicker and longer lasting forms of energy. Now fructose is simply fruit. And some have higher concentrations than others, like apples, blueberries, grapes, bananas, which also is a great source of potassium. And we already know that you suck at taking that electrolyte. And glucose comes from pretty much every other carb source. You rise, potatoes, oats. But I would choose the ones with a least amount of fiber that we don't slow down digestion. Your goal is to get them into your system so they're there when you need them. Not to sit in your colon and slowly brew deathfarts. The best bet is get a fourth of your carbs from fruit and the other three quarters from something easy on your stomach, like a white rice. That way you don't cause too much gastrointestinal distress, I eat back pee. Or you could do what I do because I don't trust myself around them and I don't want to become a fat mess. I just have them when I train my lagging body part. And lastly, protein. And it's simpler than you think. It's there for protein synthesis, preventing damage and recovery. All you need is to get those amino acids in your system. So if you train later in the day, it can come from a whole food source. Just make sure it's lower and fat. So it also doesn't slow down digestion. But if you train first thing in the morning and you're limited on time, then you want to get it in your system as fast as possible so you should take a protein check. But remember this video, don't fall for that bullshit, like Eiff protein isolate or some ridiculous concentrate that's marketed as the best thing ever. Get yourself an isolate, whether it's way, pee protein, it doesn't matter. And the ratio should be one to two. So if you're having 100 grams of carbs, you should have 50 grams of protein. Well, what else is there? There's a lot of shit. If you want to build more muscle, programs are linked below. Fucking cockass.

=== FILE: This Changes FAT LOSS! [A9pEtDm2nbs].txt ===

This is gonna blow your mind. What if I told you the way you've been dieting since you peaked in high school and slowly got chubby or has been wrong? Or at least not as efficient as it could be? Let me guess if this is happening to you. You get really serious about abs. You crank up your training. You lock in your diet for weeks. If not months and you get in the best shape of your life. Then one morning you wake up and realize you're a big fat mess again. What if I told you this is not only common but based upon the way most people diet, it's predictable. Let's use these two guys as an example. Guy number one figures out his maintenance level of calories and then decreases that by 500 to eat in a 500 calorie deficit. Guy number two is identical. He has the exact same maintenance level of calories but instead of decreasing it by 500, he increases his activity expenditure creating the exact same deficit. The question is which one loses fat faster? If your answer is it's the same because it doesn't matter. Calories in calories out. Congratulations. You're just as dumb as I was. The concept is referred to as a low energy flux versus a high energy flux. And it will change the way you diet forever. To better understand the problems with the traditional low energy flux diet, we need to create one that way you can see where the wheels fall off. This is a person's average total daily energy expenditure. You can see the bulk of it comes from basal metabolic rate or resting metabolic rate. I'm going to use that interchangeably because everybody else does don't freak out. The calculator you found online to figure out your BMR is probably using this formula. No, I'm never mind that looks like shit. The BMR formulas are attempting to give a rough estimate of energy cost based upon how much you weigh, how tall you are, and then subtract that from your age to account for slowing metabolism and then whether or not you have a penis. Mine works out to be 2,102 because I'm 36, not 50 you jerk offs. To finish figuring out our maintenance level of calories, we can skip over the thermogenic effect of food because that's really not going to change. We need to figure out our physical activity. And to do that, we have to use a very complex questionnaire known as PAL. All joking aside, I do think most people overestimate on this so to get an accurate calorie expenditure, I would say I'm moderately active. So then we take BMR, times it by our PAL, and then we get calories needed to maintain your current weight. Hurray! Let's say I was tired of being a dumpster fire and I wanted to lose a pound a week to maintain as much muscle as possible. We know that one pound equates to 3,500 calories, so I'd have to average a 500 calorie a day deficit in a week. Pretty simple, just decrease my calories by 500 every day and then no, that's the mistake. Have you ever noticed how easy this will lose weight when you first start dieting? It's because you still have so much of your fat self to move around. But as you get lighter, your BMR decreases. And it may not seem like much at first, but as you diet, your body requires less and less calories, so let's say I lost five pounds. Not much, I'm just less of a fat mass, 225 pounds. If we plug that into the BMR formula, again, only five pounds. We see, I'm now expanding 44 less calories per day, over the week, that's 388 calories, which means I'm not going to hit my pound per week, weight loss goal. So to hit the target, you're going to have to constantly be re-adjusting your calories, lower and lower. Sox. And that's only a small part of the problem. If we take a look back at the physical activity of your total daily expenditure, we can break it down even further into eat, which is exercise activity thermogenesis. That's your weight training your cardio and neat. Non-exercise activity thermogenesis, which is tapping your foot, walking your dog, diddling yourself all our neat. Now, when people think burning calories, they think exercising. That's sad true, though, is that lifting weights, don't burn as many calories as you might think. Say I did a 20 set workout where I just killed myself. That's probably 220 to 300 calories burned. Not great. It really just goes back to the saying that you can't out crunch as shit diet. When it comes to calorie expenditure, aerobic training will always trump non-erobic training, but the more muscle you build, the more calories you burn, look it up. It's disappointing. Every pound of muscle equates to six calories per day. In reality, most of calories you burn through physical activity don't even come through exercise. They come from neat. But there's a problem with that as well. As you get leaner, your body becomes more efficient. But even worse than that, your body will start to fight the process of losing weight because it wants to maintain homeostasis. It doesn't want to change, so it'll start decreasing your levels of neat. Those little micro movements, the energy had to go pick up your male. Fuck your male. You're going to leave it there for a month. That's why when you're dieting, all you want to do is land the couch and watch TV. That's your body's way of preserving energy. Here's the crazy part. It could be three to four times the calories we saw from when we decreased our BMR. So taking it back to my scenario where I only lost five pounds, it actually decreased that my calorie expenditure by 44 calories a day. Now, if that can be four times that, that means that's 176 calories at those together, I almost cut my deficit in half. And as your body mass decreases, your endocrine system freaks out. Lowering insulin levels, leptin, thyroid hormones, which are all important because they're appetite suppressant. So as they decrease, you get hungry. On top of that, growing increases which makes you hungry. So it's easy to see why the traditional method of dieting, the low energy flux, as they call it, is doomed to fail. Which brings us back to the concept of a high energy flux, which I know looks similar on the surface because they're still the 500 calorie deficit, but it actually mitigates some of the problems I just talked about. The setup is going to be exactly the same. You're going to get your basal metabolic rate and times it by your pal to get your maintenance level of calories, but instead of decreasing by 500 to get that deficit, you're not. You're going to leave it. Do you have any clue how much more oatmeal that is? Come on. Instead, we're going to increase our physical activity to a point that it burns in extra 500 calories a day because based on research that creates less of a metabolic adaptation, meaning your body's not going to try to burn fewer and fewer calories. And you get to eat more oatmeal. The next obvious question is how do we increase our energy expenditure to a point that we're burning in extra 500 calories a day? And it's critical you increase both because if you try to do it with just a structure about some cardio, that's 50 minutes of jogging. I'm not fucking jogging. Instead, I do a 30 minute walk after my workout around my off days and consciously track my need. One of the ways is with this guy I got from Amazon. It's a little pedometer that counts the number of steps and I know the child that made this thing to the horrible job because it's really an accurate. But at least gives me a range to shoot for because for every 2,000 steps, that's 100 calories. And before you say, I'm already average in 10,000 steps a day. But fuck you are because this thing alone can create the deficit you need. 10,000 steps, 500 calories. There's a fascinating study where a guy wore a weight of vest like this 24,7. And for every poundy loss, he added a pound back to the vest. The idea being that if he artificially replicated his starting weight, that he'd be able to maintain his initial BMR. And it worked. He lost 19 pounds over the course of 16 weeks. And this is important to note that this was a bodybuilding competition. So it was mostly fat mass. And his calories did not change. Now I'm not going to wear this thing 24,7. But think about it this way. Every time I take my dogs for a 30 minute walk, based upon my husking is that burns about 241 calories. Each additional pound of weight is another 0.3 calories per mile. So this is a 50 pound vest. That's an additional 450 calories. So what I look like an asshole walking around the neighborhood, that's a lot of calories. 10,000 steps. While cold plunging doesn't really fall into the category of need, and there's no way to quantify how many calories you burn per minute. It does have a cause, your central nervous system release nor of an effort, which then attaches to brown fat, which increases mitochondrial activity, which generates more heat. And there's no such thing as an energy-free process. So we know it burns extra calories. We just have no clue how many extra. But it sucks. So hopefully a lot. Am I the only one that could serve that ridiculous, Navy commercial before a YouTube video? I said my job wouldn't matter. And I understand 500 calories doesn't seem like a lot. But that's just where I started. Since I started meticulously tracking my activity, I'm eating 1,000 more calories than I typically would on a diet. If you hear low foot steps, that's junior walking around, who's my blind dog who happened to take a nap on an ant hill this morning. Our vet just gave him Benadroll. You're right, bud. It's also completely changed my stance on what your macro percentage is should be when you're trying to lose fat. Sure, buddy, your face. So we don't nap on ant hills. I used to be an avid low carb guy because I was a lot dumber, and it was based upon my limited understanding of how insulin more. I assume since it's stimulated fat storage and inhibited fat breakdown and promoted fat synthesis, that the best thing we could do was limit those insulin spikes. The problem is it's also an appetite's apprassence. So by minimizing those spikes, it's going to make you constantly hungry. Is everybody else's Tibialis anterior week as hell? It's already gasped. That was seven. I also underestimate how fantastic the human body is. When you're a healthy person in the calorie deficit, the amount of time your body stops burning fat from an insulin spike is a very short window after a meal. If we look at a full 24-hour period, it all equals out. And the only thing that matters is the deficit you create. So yeah, having a greater number of carbs is going to lead to more intense insulin spikes, but that's going to lead to you being less hungry and be able to go captain and say no on the weights. So if anybody wants to play along at home, this is exactly what I'm doing. I'm getting 230 grams of protein, a gram per pound because scientists and bros have finally agreed, that's the perfect amount. 12% of the calories are coming from fat, fish rows in the morning, little ghee butter, just random shit like that. And the rest is delicious, delicious carbs. I track my steps with this little stupid activity monitor, an average about 12,000 steps a day. I do about 30 minutes of walking on the treadmill. And to me, this is amazing because I'm not even hungry. And I used to always be hungry. Why did nobody tell me this before? You can do either or. High carb load carbs are going to get you the same body fat at relatively the same rate. That's not what's important. I'm just sharing my experience. What I found is having higher carbs in the deficit, keeps you a little more saturated and makes it easier to maintain muscle. And might even make it easier to put on muscle. The biggest takeaway I wanted you to have is the benefit of having a high energy flux diet. It's going to help you get your goal a lot easier, but more importantly, maintain it instead of alternating and looking great one month and like shit the next. Compare that with one of my programs linked below again, all 30 days, only 20 bucks. And I guarantee you'll look slightly less awful.

=== FILE: This Fixes EVERYTHING! [WWEYP0CFmRQ].txt ===

Alright, today we're going in deep home mobility fixing the nine issues that plague pretty much everybody. Once you do, I guarantee those muscles that are hard to grow will actually grow. And yeah, there's a lot of videos on this topic, but the problem is they suck. And they're answered everything is well, just passively stretch for a few minutes a day and hopefully with enough luck in a year from now, you won't look like you're born with scoliosis. We're going to start out by getting some insight into the overall health of your shoulders with a hundred-nated grease test. What you're going to do is land your back, elbow up to the side, arm at 90 degrees. And you're going to test and see if you can do a full hundred-nated degree rotation while keeping that shoulder pinned to the floor. If you have issues going back, that means you have trouble with external rotation. If you have issues going forward like me, that means you have trouble with internal rotation. And that could be from years of sleeping like an asshole or figure as masturbation. Let's first correct the issue of poor external rotation. And if you're still not sure if this is you, if you've ever got underneath the squat rack and it felt like you're chest and shoulders were tearing in half just to grab the bar, this is you. So how are we going to fix this? This is what we're going to need some help. But don't worry, we're not going to ask anybody else for help. We're going to use a band because just like you, I hate people and I don't want to hear stories about their dumb life. And the band's going to be a big part of pretty much everything we do today. It allows us to mobilize that joint and reset it in its proper position because yeah, you can make progress without it. But because the root of the problem still remains, it's quickly going to be lost. And you're also going to need one of these. Now most James will have a PVC pipe or a stick you can use. But if you're somebody that works at a home, home depot has a shitload of these, and those crazy bastards allow you to cut it yourself. First, you're going to wrap that band around your shoulder and apply traction resetting the joint. From there, you're going to bring that elbow out to the side arm at 90 degrees. You're going to take that off hand, wrap that PVC pipe around the back of your arm, and grab it with your working side. And from there, we apply leverage. How much? So we're going to get into P&F. P&F stands for proprioceptive, neuromuscular facilitation. And I know you're going to have trouble with that. So let's come up with our own acronym. I find it best to use one that's based out of fear to help your memory. P&F nearly flasks. It's essentially when you contract a muscle, but at the same time you apply greater resistance, forcing it into a stretch, and because you were contracting it, as it was being stretched, it's going to turn off some of your body's natural inhibition to stop and protect itself, allowing it to get into a deeper stretch and more easily lengthen that muscle. A good example of this would be me doing a bicep curl, but at the same time I use my opposite handle, apply force, and force it out of a curl. And the proper way to do this is fight it for five seconds, then relax and hold it for another five seconds. Now some people are you that doing this before you train will decrease force output. My rubuttle that is, I don't give it shit about force output. That's not how we train. Second and most important, we're not trying to discover a new range of motion we've never had. We're trying to restore what we previously did have. So once we get those joints in their proper position and those structural muscles loosened up, that body part you're about to hit should be in a better position to generate force. So go to hell. So to get those overly tight muscles that are causing issues with external rotation, the loosen up is quick as possible. Your first kind of start up by internally rotating your shoulder, but at the same time you're going to apply force for that offhand forcing yourself into a nice deep stretch and externally rotating that screwed up shoulder more than you have since you were a 15 year old girl. And the key is to slowly fight for five seconds as you go back into external rotation, obviously letting that offhand win. Once you get to a fully stretched position completely relax and hold for another five seconds. You're going to do 12 to 15 reps, three sets, both sides of both shoulders are screwed up and stop masturbating so much. And here's the best part. This can be done right before whatever body part you're training because unlike passive stretching where it goes to force that muscle to lengthen, we're simply resetting those joint capsules and actively working muscle so if anything, they'll be more primed to contract. But if the idea of doing these right before you work out makes your butt whole pucker, you can simply follow these up with some stability work. And the best way to do that is just ease into whatever movement you're doing with lighter weight. Now if you're somebody that's having trouble internally rotating those shoulders, you're going to feel it on every pressing movement you do. But if you're not sure how bad you suck at it, go do a dip. You're going to notice it's the most demanding in terms of internal rotation and you're going to feel it all in your delts. But if you have this issue, you're going to feel pretty much every chest exercise in your delts. So let's fix. Now the setup similar to what you did for externally going to wrap that band around the front of your shoulder, apply traction and reset that joint capsule in place and also keep you from collapsing that shoulder in. You're going to take that offhand, wrap it around your body and reach back with your working side, palm out, thumbs up and use those little sausage you fingers to try to grab it. Once you do, you apply leverage with your offhand. You're actually flexing and trying to force yourself into external rotation. But obviously the offhand is going to win forcing you to do a deep internal stretch. And same as before, you're fighting for five seconds and holding a fully stretched position relaxed for another five seconds. 12 to 15 reps, three sets. And don't be surprised if it looks just ridiculous because there's a very short range. You should hear people whisper and say, oh, that portal guy stuck. Now I'm willing to bet your structure issues materialize that the same time you're imaginary lads did in seventh grade. Pam will have that tune about a month. The good news is after you correct them retraining your central nervous system as fast. How fast? Well, with the help of the captain in under 60 seconds, you can trick your CNS to thinking this stupid rubber hand is actually your hand. Retraining incorrect movement patterns is just as quick. Well, that didn't work. The good news is we're done with a PVC pipe. Now we can definitely use it on some other things. But I know if I let you play with it too long and you end up showing it up your ass. Now there is actually a worst case scenario. You've been working with mobility issues for so long that it's caused some of your muscles to work in such a short range emotion that they've actually shortened in length. Now this predominantly happens in the chest muscle because of tight shoulders and overly stretch lads. There's actually less room for that chest to work and over time your body adapts. You see your muscles like a shit little Lego or Lincoln logs for your pockets. This is a very simplistic way to put it. But think your muscle fibers stack next to each other and encased in what's called a sarcomer. Why is this important? This is too hot. Your body's fast standing. Over time your muscles will adapt. Put a range emotion you put them through and the sarcomers will actually get shorter. Your muscles will physically get smaller. Now the people that were glasses and shirts like that will tell you it takes over 10 to 12 weeks to make that happen. But considering you've been walking around carrying imaginary luggage for the last 10 years, it's probably already happened to you. Now this is where fixing those incorrect movement patterns and retraining your central nervous system is critical. We're correcting the structural dysfunction with the mobility exercises we're doing today but you must learn how to do these exercises correctly. Otherwise over time you're just going to revert back to your screwed up self. So during the workout after you've done either one or several of these corrective movements, it's vital that you take either every exercise through that newfound range emotion or you do partial movements that solely focus on that new range because if you don't use it you should the bed. But the good news is this is correctable and I've had this issue with my chest and slowly but surely it's gotten better. So let's go over exactly how to remove those little Hershey kisses from my bed. Again the set-up's the same. Traction the shoulder, hand behind your back, thumb up and it's going to be that same P&F style. So first flex your chest and to force it back into a stretch you're actually going to work against it, twist your body and force your shoulder to open up. And again this is perfectly safe to do right before you work out your chest. Actually this is the closest you'll get to a moment that just flexes your chest and like before you're trying to fight it for five seconds but this is such a short range. You might take three, you hold that stretch for five, 12 to 15 reps, three sets. Next this have a look at your shoulder press. Not to judge your shoulders at this point if you can't fix them with what I showed you your lost cause. We're going to assess your thoracic spine. Go do a barbell press. If you notice your head jolt's forward it's either because you train that into your central nervous system by chugging so many winners or you have tightness in the muscles that support your thoracic spine. Your traps, rhomboys, your rectus spine, any supercellaneous. A key to fixing this is you need to find something dense to roll out on. This thing even sounds heavy. All the setup that pay off. And all you have to do to make progress with this issue is pinpoint where the tightness is in your thoracic spine, inner lock your fingers and flex and extend over top of it. And if you don't want to pay an ungodly amount of money for a foam roller from hell, you can do the same exact thing by putting a barbell in a squat rack flexing and extending over top of it but make sure you drive those hips up as you flex forward and drop those hips as you extend back. That'll give you the most amount of movement in that thoracic spine. Oh no, my Lord back. Now with this I found the problem usually stems from the fact that most people avoid training their lower back all together and slowly it gets weaker and tighter over time and eventually they become one of those assholes that were as they're lifting belt to the grocery store. So the road to recovery to fix this problem is to integrate exercises that specifically target those muscles. My favorite being the reverse hyper extension but with that being said, it doesn't mean you can't immediately get relief and reset everything by using a band. Simply line your back with that band high on your leg to traction your hip and do that classic back stretch. We all did MP class and he will instantly feel 7% better. Most people's legs are so dysfunctional and it's such a rare to see somebody go down in a perfectly deep squat that your first thought is I should tell them they're doing a good job. And the reason that everyone looks like they're squatting with force gum blade braces on is because it's actually one of the most complex multi-joint movements and so many things can go wrong. Contrary to popular belief, the way to fix an issue isn't by doing random movements to loosen up where you land the floor and try to donkey punch yourself in the back of the head. It's by finding the position that directly mimics where the problem presents itself and then attack it. And for glutes it's always at the bottom of a deep squat. So we're going to get a bench going to a deep lunge and add traction to that hip from behind but make sure that thing is securely fast and otherwise your butt hole will grow by three sizes that day. The reason this is the best way to un-fuck your hips and start to recruit your glutes before your workout is because if you've ever squatted down and felt a horrible pinch somewhere around your hip flexor and your idea to fix it was just continue to squat down. You've noticed it only gets worse with time and that's because you have to actually reset your hip joint and the way you're going to do this one is again like you're doing reps. You're hunting for restrictions so go down and do a deep lunge, hold it for five seconds back out, do it again until it releases and then keep hunting. You're doing five minutes on each side and then go cracks and mollinets. Another reason that 99% of squats look like garbage is because their knees are trying to sort of fight with each other. Kind of like used to do with your good old elementary school bathroom money. The problem is their adductors. They suck when they drive it from a squat their knees collapse in but the good news is it's a quick fix. All you need to do is squat down and put your back against the wall and then we're going to pee and f the shove by putting an elbow under each mediaealous and then contracting those adductors at the same time we're going to force them into a stretch by putting our hands together and driving them down. Five for five relaxes the bottom for five, 12 reps, three sets and if you make eye contact with anybody they'll probably walk into traffic later that day. Another area that causes issues that's a little bit harder to diagnose when you're watching someone's dildo legs as they squat are the hamstrings but put them in a stiff leg deadlift and right away you'll notice either they don't move at all or they're gaining all of their flexibility from their lower back from years of trying to blow themselves. The quick fix is to lengthen that hamstring all the way up or to ridge nays by traction in the hip from behind with the band and this will also help you release any additional dysfunction you have in that hip. Same thing is before five, five, 12, three. Lastly we're going to fix your ankles. The predominant reason that most people squat looks like they rode their bike off a cliff as a kid, broke their legs, got an anisia and their parents never told them because it was caused by their neglect. And this corrects everything from a killies to calf tightness to the actual ankle joint itself. Wrap the band around the top of your foot to help reset normal function in the ankle joint and with your foot under plate you're going to drive your knee forward and out. It's really important you drive it out because again we're trying to mimic what we want to happen in a deep squat. Five, five, 12, three. Holy hell that was a lot of information but trust me, even if you just do one of those it's going to do a lot more for you than sitting there passively stretching your ham wall at for 10 minutes. If you want to grow programs only below all only 20 bucks.

=== FILE: This Will Get You MASSIVE ARMS (Guaranteed!) [js9Zkgv1Xdo].txt ===

All right, today we're training, eh, should you go for more weight or more sets? Eh, I think the three most important things for growing your arms are, I get a 10-to-10 questions on how to develop a mind muscle connection. Eh, please go through a full day of what you eat. It's not going to help you. As long as you're eating in a surplus and you have the right macro percentages, is all that matters. The fact that I'm eating protein pancakes isn't because it works, it's because I'm an asshole. In terms of warming up, I don't have a specific exercise or distraction method that I do. I just ease into it. If you're under 30, you've don't understand this yet, but one day you will. If I start out with a close grip bench, my elbows would explode. Good news for me, most of my favorite exercises and the ones I think are most beneficial are on the cables. Also, I'm going to be in Austin the next two weeks, so if anybody wants to get a workout, reach out, and I'll be sure to come up with a good excuse of why I can't come. And I know this is going to sound dumb, but I'm actually excited to film this video, because it's hard for me to program my arm workout. There are so many changes I make to each exercise that it might start out with one variation, but by the end of it, it's unrecognized two sets like this. One set like that, three sets like you'll see. I started out with two sets, 30 partial reps, but at length. You can see as I go into the stretch, I'm not just relaxing it, I'm actually forcing my bicep into a curl, so I can stretch even more and put that tricep at length. It's one of my favorite ways to start, because it's an instant connection, but also does create some distraction in that elbow, which starts to grease things up a little bit, because because I'm old. Oh. Next, going right into what I would still consider tricep extensions, just avoiding the big mistake that everybody makes, which is trying to push out or kick down, probably because it's called tricep extensions, but in reality, you should be flexing over top of your elbow. The moment you start thinking about your elbow, is the focal point, and you flex over top of it, the moment your triceps will cease to suck. It... Anybody else see that Graham hand cock to bait? That sucked. I think the door's one. You can't bring scuba diving pictures from your honeymoon and expect us to believe you. But I want to. So bad. Nothing you notice is a really step away. That creates a better angle to pull from. If you're too close, you're not going to get it. It matters how you fail. It's important you don't just try to force the weight down, finishing the contraction doesn't matter. Who gives a shit? I rather you fail in a negative portion, barely get the weight down, and that's it. Hey, look, we haven't moved and I've already done 100 reps. I've had some people ask me my thoughts on... Should you go for more weight or more sets? Great question. There's actually a good meta analysis on this. If you have no life, like me, and you want to read it. My two cents on it, especially when it comes to arms, it's always better to add sets than it is to add weight. Most people's form will go to shit the moment they try to chase a number. My favorite is when you see somebody doing an overhead extension like this. Oddly enough, that might work for somebody who has great armogenetics, but not you. It wasn't till recently that I started looking at progressively overloading, not just in terms of weight. You can do it by adding sets to a workout or by adding an entirely new day. Say two arm days per week. Now that's excessive for most people, but if your entire existence was just bent on getting big arms than doing arms two, three times a week, would get you there fast. And then some people are going to say, what about overtraining? There's a term, I think it's MRV, Max Moll recoverable volume. When it comes to arms, yeah, if you did legs three times a week, and you actually train them to failure, you're not going to recover in time, but your arms are resilient. Think about your younger self, that one forearm that you masturbated with ten times a day ended up getting bigger. The one you did not use did not. More all the story your arms can take it. The threshold for arms is a lot higher than it is for legs. Hmm. Good thing I'm the only member of this gym, or I would hate me. I sound obnoxious when I train, but you've told me, I know, thank you. Also, you're going to notice on these, I don't lock out, which I'm not against any team full range of motion. That's probably a good recommendation for most people, but my training over the years has evolved, and I find myself manipulating exercises to really put as much time under tension when a muscle is either at length or that optimal miles enact an overlap. Again, that's more gobbling for I don't lock out because it's less beneficial. One last note on these, biomechanics matter. If you have shoulder inflexibility and you can't keep those elbows tucked in and flex in the right plane, you can't do these. There's no reason to do these. I should say that. You should do a single arm variation. That way, if you have to tilt your body or turn, you can find what works best for you. Because this is not, it's not good. If I see you doing that, I'm going to walk up and flick your little chode. The way I like to train arms is I like to jump from triceps to biceps back and forth. And it might seem like we just did three tricep exercises, but in my head, I kind of categorize that is one thing for triceps. And I'll probably do two or three variations for biceps. And I know most people wouldn't want this much variation, but it's always worked the best for me. I get bored and it works. Shut the fuck up. Now you might notice me laying over the bench awkwardly and squirming around like I'm on heroin. That's because you might not seem like much, but that little tilt back allows me to manipulate the length tension curve of the exercise. Typically with curls, your arms are straight down by your side. So the hardest part of the contraction is that midpoint you're working against gravity. Obviously, we love the preacher curl because it has an angle to it, which is going to change our joint angle, which then also is going to change at what point in the movement we're going to have peak tension on that bicep. What I found is even just slightly leaning back shifts the tension even more into the bicep when it's at a longer length. So try it. Don't hurt yourself, but try it. Some dumb kids going to do this. Don't do this. I don't see a lot of people talk about training their breaky Alice, which is alive because I don't watch anybody else's content anyways. I think it's a very underrated muscle because of how thick it makes your biceps look. It gives that 3D round fullness. Keeps you from having those skinny little thin bitch arms. I got already here. People complaining now. I can't do this in my gym because two embarrassed to drag a bench across the gym, but you'll sit on the floor any and want to grow to add doctors for half hour. I get a 10-to-10 questions on how to develop a mind muscle connection. If you can't develop one with arms, then you definitely are screwing things up. If your form is off, when you have some secondary muscle jumping in, like traps for triceps, or you have some sort of structural issue, like imaginary latins syndrome, and you can't tuck those elbows in. I think it's a very easy fix though. You just have to find exercises that work for you or put training wheels on. A kid I saw at the gym the other day was using a booty band like this, and I thought maybe he's just trying to get a good whiff. I don't know. We all have our thing. But it was actually kind of brilliant. He knew that when he did skull crushers, his elbows would flare out and he wouldn't connect with it, so he threw a booty band on. And he definitely smelled it. It was pervert. And that way, all he had to focus on was flexing straight down. His elbows were obviously going to try to kick out, but they can't. At this point, you're stuck. You have your training wheels on. You're good. Now, I don't need it, but if you do, it's okay to use something like that to get your mind and muscle to connect and train itself to go on the right path. If you pay attention on these, you'll notice that each set is slightly different. I started with my elbows elevated, and then by the last set, I'm all the way tucked in as much as I can be. It's a very short range of motion, but that tricep is fully stretched and in a lot of pain. Fuck my life. Also, when it comes to my muscle connection, there's no shame and pre-exhaust. In fact, on these one of my favorite ways is to flare my elbows out and do a nice little press down and then go into the motion. You're going to look dumb, but it'll feel horrible. It's probably hard to get a scale on time watching a video like this, but my rest times are like 60 seconds. So a lot of times, I have to drop the weight because I got my ass kicked. That's okay. I'm going to start with a supinated straight bar curl. But you're going to notice like what I did over there by leaning back with this. I'm going to tuck my elbows in further, drive me into my stomach, and that way the angle of my arm is already set up that way, and the cable itself will take care of where the tensions apply. Constant tensions, while we like cables. And I know some people are going to be confused thinking that's a lot of cable work, but in reality, my favorite thing for arms are cables and machines, and then freeway. Because as I've shown you before, you've really got to manipulate and change your form to get that same length tension relationship, which made me realize that I need more machines. I don't have one bicep machine here. I think the three most important things for growing your arms are having dedicated day, so just biceps and triceps. Focus on reps, not wait. And when you want to progress, you overload by adding sets. Next, guess what? We're staying here more cables. This time reverse grip. I have an entire routine that I run through on four arms because they are so small and dick-like. If you want, we can run through that on another video. We don't have time. I'm hungry. So how would I categorize this exercise? I look at it like a long head of the bicep and four. You'll know when you do it because this is what gives out first. Both. They both give out. After all that, now my wrists and elbows are warmed up enough to close grip. Recently, I've been doing these a lot where I flare my elbows out to the side. I hang off the bench because for me it doesn't mess with my shoulders, my chest. Really just stays in that tricep. I'm able to create a nice angle on that arm. And most importantly, it's really effective at targeting that lateral head. I just came across this brick and trader's post. Please stop starting every post with stop doing maybe on stop. Or maybe. I ain't ever gonna stop. Oddly enough, the only exercise I can throw some weight around on is a concentration curl. I know. Done, right? Probably because I'm mostly focused on the East Ender part of the lift. I still make sure it's a decent contraction, but. Here's the breakdown of the workout if you want to do it yourself. I'll also put a free version in the app so it's easier to follow because whatever. And again, if you haven't bought one of the four new programs, they're all only 20 bucks. To keep lifetime access and it goes to a good cause. It helps me feed my 13 dogs and my thick wife. Also comment below a good gym in Austin because it's my happy place. My arms are the source they've been a long time that kind of sore your afraid to straighten them all the way because something bad is going to happen. So if you're new, do not do this workout. You will die.

=== FILE: This is Killing YOU! [u_lTnFb1rjM].txt ===

This is an apple that's been sitting here for four days. And this is an apple that's been sitting here for four days from McDonald's. Now McDonald's claims the only thing they add to it is calcium-esquirbet, which is basically just synthetic vitamin C, but I've got trust issues and it tastes more processed than that. Which inevitably let me down a rabbit hole trying to answer the question, why are most people so unhealthy? Because over the past 40 years, we've gotten progressively sicker and fatter. Is it the simple fact that over that time period we've increased our calories by 20%. In the late 1970s, we're eating 2,169 calories a day. Now we're at 2,594 calories. I don't know how many pounds you gained per week, but that equals diabetes. Or does it have something to do with the fact that the average American diet is now made up of 60% ultra-process foods, which is disgusting if you think about it. But so fucking good. Let's first dive into what I discovered in terms of overall calorie consumption, because you can definitely make the case. It's not what you eat. It's more about how much. Thank you, sir. For example, have you ever heard of the Twinkie diet? It was made famous by college professor who only ate this 37 ingredient lab-created miracle for 10 straight weeks. The caveat being, he had to maintain a calorie deficit. The results, he ended up losing 27 pounds. His BMI went from an obese 29 to a normal 25. His LDL went down and his HDL went up. And that's not an outlier. A kid did a similar thing where he ate straight garbage for six months. McDonald's, maintaining calorie deficit, lost 56 freaking pounds. Seeing kinda dumb shit comes in here now. Thanks for the apples slices. Not honey mustard. I wanted honey. Good all 1%. And it's not the weight they lost. It's fascinating. It's the fact that they saw significant improvements across their blood work, meaning that you could have 90% of the health benefits just by finding your maintenance level of calories and eating less than that. But there is one type of process, food. I want to dive deeper into because my feed is constantly flooded with people screaming about. Do you know how to eliminate the seed oils? And you start looking around and realize this stuff is in everything. So we should probably do our due diligence and figure out if this is killing us or not. If it's the new syphilis. The official government stance is that you should switch to your saturated fats to these vegetable or seed oils. But we all know the government's got a bit of a record of getting things wrong. Remember this, Jim? Honestly, I'm not gonna hate on it too much because those elementary school lunches were some of the best I've ever had. I do wonder how many diabetic kids they killed over the years though by feeding us orange slices and making us take a nap. Or this one, which I think is even more appalling because this came out within the last year where they decided they ground beef as bad. Lucky charms are better. Not as good as chicken breasts, but they all pale in comparison to frosted minuites. Fucking dumbasses. So we obviously can't take their word for it. So to understand exactly why people are freaking out so much, we need to look at the fatty acid molecules themselves. Saturated fats are called that because all the carbons in the fatty acid chain are bonded to the maximum number of hydrogens hence being saturated. They also have no double bonds that will make sense in a second. The fact that they only have single bonds is what allows us molecules to closely pack together and the reason that saturated fats form a solid state at room temperature. A mono-unsaturated fat has a single double bond causing the molecule to kink or bend. Think olive oil. Polyunsaturated fats, which is predominantly what cedos and vegetable oils are, poofas for short, not to be confused with foopas or footas, are unsaturated fats that have two or more double bonds. I had to come back and film this part again because the first time it sounded like I said dildo bonds. What's interesting about these is this double bonds actually make the molecule so long that it lowers the freezing point. So I can take these omega-3s throw in the freezer and they're not gonna freeze. Now the biggest concern these anti-cedore-lers have is that since the introduction of these things we've steadily increased the amount of omega-6s in our diet completely screwing up that pressures omega-3 to 6 ratio, which should be anywhere between 1 to 1 to 4, not the 1 to 20 that we're at today. That could be a problem. Just around the same page, these are the most common vegetable or cedo oils that have very high levels of omega-6s. And what makes the problem even worse is they're mostly in the form of linoleic acid. In the body linoleic acid synthesizes to a raccadonic acid, which is pro-inflammatory. Unlike your omega-3s, your ALA's, DHA's, EPA's, all anti-inflammatory. And the crux of it all is they're competing for the same enzyme. So if you're taking 20 times the amount of omega-6s in the form of linoleic acid, you're gonna be inflamed. And we know inflammation is bad. Heart disease, cancer, but that's not what the research shows. Every meta-analysis I found showed no negative side effects. In fact, some of them show that they lowered your risk of coronary heart disease. And don't tell me what happens when you inject a rat with it and it grows tits on its back. That doesn't matter. Show me what happens when people ingest. And before anybody freaks out and jumps in the comments, it says just because they lower the cholesterol. That doesn't mean they lowered their risk. ApoB, a protein involved in the metabolism of lipids, is the best metric we have for atherosclerosis. ApoB's on every LDL, bad cholesterol, and VLDL, lipoprotein. So the only way you can get that number down is by lowering those numbers. So, going to bag a dicks. Don't get me wrong. These things are disgusting. The meta-steps it takes to make these edible is ridiculous. Everything from solvent extraction to degumming, which sounds like a nice time with a geriatric lady, to bleaching. I don't want to hear anything about bleaching unless it has to do with white shirts or butt holes. After all that, the most important thing I learned is that if you want to live a long and healthy life, just maintain a calorie deficit because the worst thing you could be is a big fat mess. Also, it didn't make me realize that the avocado oil that I thought was healthy is highly refined because the smoke point should not be 500 degrees. They bleached this one too. Now, if you're curious in whether or not I'm going to keep seed oils in my diet, the answer is yes. But just for wrestling. Alright, which one do you want to get punched in the baby maker first? As always, programs link below 30 days, 20 bucks, you know. Don't worry, it's organic.

=== FILE: This is The FUTURE! [0C7xznyxbZg].txt ===

These are stem cells. And this is me getting stem cells in my freaking neck. Why? Because of this guy. You might have seen him on Rogan talking about the sinkable stem cells. He sent me a text saying... So all I had to do is take a quick and easy flight to Austin. Why would they let me watch this movie? Well, at least I'm not flying on a... Holy hell we're all gonna die. And I made it. The reason I was so excited about this is because I've dedicated my entire life to health and fitness. One second. This is the trophy I got after taking other kid's souls during the jump rope for heart. Also look at my dad's porn stash. I don't think I could pull that off. So to have access to what I feel is the cutting edge in terms of regenerative medicine is a dream come true. Because if you start paying attention, you're gonna notice all the elite athletes and everyone in the know has been taking this stuff for a long, long time. I can't say it too much, but German act is actually... He is literally talking about LeBron going overseas to get stem cells. I'm a... maybe in Brooklyn. Yeah, buddy! And I've been researching this stuff for a long time, but never pulled the trigger because every company I reached out to, they come back with a quote of upwards of twenty five thousand dollars. And I had to fly to a different country. Nope. Turns out... It doesn't have to be that expensive. And if you're interested at the end of this video, I'll show you how. So I'm assuming your first question is probably what do they even do. But while in the United States, they can't claim to treat anything. But if you look at the clinical data, you're gonna see they're doing studies around pretty much every type of disease and injury you can think of. But what the hell is a stem cell? Solid question. This is a picture of a stem cell, but that's actually a horrible name for what they are because even the guy who first discovered him has since come out and said he regrets calling them that. The initial excitement surrounding stem cells has to do with the fact that it's a very unique cell. It has the ability to sell for newer multiply while still maintaining the ability to develop into different types of cells. Meaning that it could turn into anything. Blood, bone, nerve, skin, even muscle cells. But that's only possible in a petri dish. When they're injected into the body, they don't work that way. They technically should be called signaling cells because when injected, they navigate to an area of need and secretive right molecules that stimulate tissue repair, modulated immune responses and support the survival and function of nearby cell. But don't let that kill your excitement because these things are powerful. They can do things that I didn't even think were possible. A good example of this is a study they did where they attach an old mouse to the back of a young mouse which is pretty messed up and it's got a real human centipede vibe. But what they found is that older mouse showed significant improvements in terms of muscle repair, liver, brain function, among other things. And I think it's all due to the fact that it was exposed to that younger mouse stem cells or signaling cells. Are we done? Shut up, yo. Going forward, I'm going to go back to referring to them as stem cells. It just makes it a little less confusing. The next thing you're probably asking yourself is, where did these come from and is this legal? Because I don't know about you. I previously thought you had to fly to a different country to get this done. The term harvesting stem cells has a pretty harsh connotation to it. It sounds like you're taking a bunch of babies through an amount of blender and making margaritas. But that's not the case. In the US, all stem cells come from live births. So this guy's going to go on to live a normal life. White chocolate, positive. I don't know why I thought making it rain with this baby would illustrate it having a long and healthy life. But that's what I did. Game on. That's how you shoot a f***ing baby. Take that, dude. Perfect. stem cells are derived from several places, either the placenta itself or the cord's tissues and blood. And when I'm sure you've heard of, the amniotic fluid that previously surrounded the baby before it got pooped out. Whatever seed was an IV-appearified amniotic fluid. That way it can work systematically. Run through my system, finding the issues, and then send signals to repair. And then I got the holy grail of stem cells, Wharton's jelly injected into my freaking neck. And Wharton's jelly is just the go inside the Ambilica cord. This is not a great representation of it because it's a stupid model. So I'll put a picture up. But it's just got the highest concentration of mesenchymal stem cells and a rich extracellular matrix. The extracellular matrix is like scaffolding that helps tissue repair. That's why I injected into my neck because it has a localized effect. And when I say this stuff is amazing and promotes healing pretty much everywhere, I'm not exaggerating. While I was there, this killer of men showed up. Like an inner condo, any gench this division, boarded, riot. He ended up being an incredible person and we shared some Terry Blacks together if you know, but he was there because it didn't tap and let somebody break his ankle. I was there because I've been masturbating with the same hand my entire life. Now my neck hurts. We are not the same. I also missed running into Rogan by 20 minutes. I assume he's just trying to live forever. Which I get. Because the neat thing about stem cells, while they don't differentiate when injected into your body, turn into different cells, what they do is find damaged or dying cells and donate their mitochondria, rescuing them. Which brings me to an important point. There's a huge difference between cellular and acelular. acelular is what my wife got tricked into buying and what some clinics offer. Still rich in proteins and other beneficial things. But again, the true beauty is those live cells being able to donate their mitochondria. And they have to be stored at negative 196 degrees Celsius. The moment they start thong, they start dying. So if you go to a clinic and they pull out of a lunchbox and it's not stored on dry ice, you just bought the most expensive injection of bullshit. Now this stuff does have its limits. If you're training chest and you tear your pack right off, it's not going to reattach you. But partially torn? Yeah, I've even seen one where the injected people with congestive heart failure and they saw an improvement. What about that thing we all got sick from about three years ago? The one we do not speak the name of, the Voldemort's, turns out it works for that too. Oh my god! But you know the thing I'm selfishly really excited about? Hair loss. Because I've tried everything. Do task to ride. A Dermapand followed by Manoxidel. Derek's home brew kit for ru58841. I even have the laser cap. But by far the best results I've gotten is from PRP. It's a pain in the head but incredibly effective. Even in that doesn't compare to the before and afters I've seen when using stem cell treatments for hair loss. It's like they never even lost it. It's glorious. And Brigham doesn't know this yet but I'm going to fly back next month, show up on his doorstep because I want to try it. Speaking of which let me tell you why I like this Brigham guy so much. First off yeah his name is ridiculous. I agree but I immediately connect with him and I think it's because damaged people surround themselves with other damaged people. He lost his brother to an overdose. I'm assuming that's why he does what he does. He doesn't do it for money. I'm sure he likes it and probably has a jar on top of his fridge but he charges 4500 bucks for stem cells. That's a half or a quarter less than everyone else. It's not cheap. I understand that but if it avoids you having surgery it's worth it. It's the same reason I didn't show this picture in the beginning of the video because it fucking hurts. Also I just realized they gave me a baseball trophy for jumping rope. My mom ended up drinking herself to death and I liked to think that the man I am today and what I've access to could have saved her but probably not. She was destined to burn out. But I know that's not the last time I'm going to face some life altering problem and I can speak for anybody who has. Anytime you do you don't even want the right answer. You just want hope. I'm going to link Brigham below if you're falling apart need help and you don't have to tell him my dumb ass since you that's not what I'm doing this. I don't get paid for anything. I just feel like everyone should have access to this and don't worry it's going to cost me a fortune because my wife just found out you can put them on your face to increase a last tifty. So pair that with my hair loss. I'm going to have to pull 9k out of my ass. And as always if you need help putting a muscle programs to link below all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. wife baby.

=== FILE: This is a GAME CHANGER! [iFMVU-2_MTI].txt ===

This is an EMG machine that assesses the health of the muscles and the nerve cells that control them. Why is that important? I'm sure you've seen other fitness YouTubers site case studies just like this one that shows you get more pectoral smater activation from a dumbbell press, then you do with a barbell press. That's a big difference. Barbell dumbbell. Well, this is the exact device they used to test that. The problem I have with a lot of those studies are the participants. You ask the average gym gore to flex their bicep and it looks like they had a stroke. They flex that entire side of their body. Also, I have a different view on hypertrophy. I feel like you get the best results when you isolate down to whatever's biomechanically possible to the exact muscle you're trying to work, meaning that I'll tweak the form of an exercise and attempt to moreso bias that specific muscle sometimes all the way down to the individual head. This machine will tell us if that's actually possible or if it turns out I'm full of shit. Fuller alert. It's like 50-50. What I didn't realize when I bought this expensive bastard is I not only be able to test which exercises are best in terms of muscle activation, but also which ones are better at isolating when you should actually use machines over freeways or if you have a secondary muscle that constantly jumps in so you're training chest and you always fill your shoulders exactly how to fix that and surprisingly be able to call bullshit on things like things like play presses. I've seen a lot of people talk shit about this one which I understand on the surface doesn't make sense. Your chest is already in a shortened position. The force of gravity is pulling more in your anterior delts and anything else and before I argue with some sort of anecdotal information or have you curl up your bicep to show you that even though it's in a fully contracted position if you lift your elbow it's going to create even more intense contraction and whether that's because those proximal fibers closest to where that muscle originates or shortening even more or whatever the other reason is I don't know. Now I don't have to. I can just literally show you this is a great exercise. Now is it something you should set a your entire chest training around? No but if you're somebody that has a hard time connecting with your chest it's not a bad exercise especially when you see how much activation you get out of that chest and comparison to that anterior delts and I wasn't joking. This isn't expensive bastard. This machine 14,000. To use it I had to buy a fucking del from Costco and this thing well I didn't really need this thing but I fancy myself a bit of an artist. Now I did find a potential huge flaw with this machine and why I don't trust just any show to use it and it goes back to something I've said several times on here your muscle can't count. It has no clue how much weight you're lifting. For instance I can curl something ungodly heavy like 60 pounds and I should be able to get the same muscle activation and motor neuron recruitment if I only curl half the weight and that's exactly what happened. It didn't matter if I did one rep or several sets didn't matter how long I rested in between they kept him pace with each other the entire time. The lesson here for me is that they both work. If your body still allows you to lift heavy weight without getting injured seemingly every single week then you're gonna have easy time putting enough stress on that muscle to a lissic growth. But the caveat being you need to be able to isolate down to that muscle as much as possible because there is a point of diminishing returns. It's when you're flexing everything from your bicep to your sphinter. The same goes for lifting lighter weight you can get the same stimulus but the caveat is you have to focus on flexing the muscle and making that weight feel heavy. That could be something as simple as slowing down the moment. If you can do that you can grow just as much. Now back to the bro exercise that everyone hates the plate press because it actually gave me some insights on how to help people who every time they train those anterior delts blow the hell up. The moment you set that bench up even on a slight incline those anterior delts have no choice they have to get involved. Even at that weird 10 degree angle that some benches can do it doesn't matter. They start to engage and only gets worse as the angle increases. So if you're someone with dominant anterior delts I would start your chest workout with decline movements. Whether that's dumbbells or your gerragosmith machine it doesn't matter. It's just the angle and the position to put your shoulders in give you the best chest to delt muscle activation ratio. From there I move on to flat movements which are still great but you're going to start to see those delts fire a little bit more and try to take over. And before you say big deal I still need to target my upper pecs. How am I going to do that? There is one movement that biases the pecs over the delts even on the steepest of inclines. It's that bro coffin press. Now am I saying to get rid of incline movements all together? No, fuck stick. Start with your decline movements moving to flat then hit some coffin presses on an incline to really connect with. Push it ton of blood and make sure you engage that chest first then hit your incline. At that point they'll be less likely to fuck up your life. Now there were some things I knew in my heart to be true and it turned out my heart's a big fat fucking liar. For instance we've all heard that doing close grip bicep curls is going to put more emphasis on the long head a wide grip will hit more short head. The good news is it's fairly true with the short head but when you go close grip it jumps right over your long head and hits your fucking breaky Alice. But even that goes out the window when you lift above a certain amount of weight all your bicep muscle say screw it and jump in. And it was at this moment I had that same feeling I had when I was a kid when I realized that all my mom's male friends weren't just friends. They were best friends. That's what I decided to test incline curls because that had to be it. Your arms back in stress position long heads more strips than your short head shoulders out of it. Complete garbage. The damn thing hit more breaky Alice. The only exercise I found that actually got more activation on the long head more than anything else is when I internally rotated my shoulders so far that it looked like that time that I beat the shit of those special needs kids in twister. Now during the process of learning how to use this machine correctly I had to go through hours of in-person training tons of online tutorials and during that actually found a piece of information that's going to be even more valuable than anything else you've learned today. Charizard. Sitting your balls on fire and getting them put up by vegetable juice whilst singing the Pokemon theme song. Now there's so much information here this could get out of hand. This could end up being an hour video. Nobody wants that. But if enough people like this video get some traction I can do a whole series breaking down each individual body part comment below if you're interested. Otherwise I just bought some expensive ass nipple clamps. But we do have to talk about what I found in terms of rear delts because it's amazing and frustrating. Now the goal with these tests were to see which moments were best in terms of targeting those rear delts and minimizing trap involvement because this is a common complaint I hear and I see it a lot. When I go to the gym there's a lot of guys who just look like they left their poster delts at home. When it comes to machine rear delts flies you'll be happy to learn that traditional ones you do with a pronated grip are low key crap in terms of how much activation get out of that rear delts and comparison to your trap. The only way to really target those rear delts without your traps screwing everything up is grabbing nice and high on the outside of the machine just like the intended you not to do. If you've ever set up to do bent over rear delts flies and you weren't sure which grip to take a neutral or pronated grip turns out they're both suck. But you can save them by wrapping that dumbbell around your body towards your hip or taking a fully pronated grip and pulling straight back. Both of those movements have a great delta trap activation ratio. Lastly cables and the thing I learned here is that any movement you do up high gets a marginal amount of activation out of that rear delts at best. The best thing you can do is drop that cable down to hip height and do what I call rotations or some people called W's. So does that mean I'm going to change the way I train? Well somewhat but more than anything it means that I got to do a lot more testing. So again if you're interested come in below and if you need to put on more muscle programs or link below especially the new full gym 2.0 even though that some of the things I teaching that go against everything I said today but anybody who's taking a program will tell you it fucking works but that's probably because it's so intense that it kills one out of every seven people that take it.

=== FILE: Too Much Rest Between Sets is KILLING Your GAINS! [rUYr6sOB7zo].txt ===

So you may not have realized it, but the amount of time you're taking between each set is killing your gains, ruining your life, making your small. So that they were fixing that going over the exact amount of time you should take between each set and at the very end of the video. I'm going to leave the camera running so you can see me go through an entire exercise. And you'll be shocked how efficient you can be and still maximize the amount of muscle you put on. Let's get after it. So I've talked about this in a previous video, but I still get this question all the time. So we got to go deeper. Even the program I just released, I still get comments to say, hey, that last workout took me an hour and 45 minutes, which that's absurd. There's no reason I should take that long. And today, somebody flagged me down the grocery store park and a lot around down just to say, hey, man, you must work out four hours a day. Now, he was a little bit easier to dismiss because it looks like he's been smoking crack for the last 10 years. And you can still see the imprint of another homeless man's balls on his forehead, but either way, maybe realize that most people still wasting a lot of time. So let me start up by saying, if you're progressive overload to die kind of person, that's a totally different scenario. I used to work with a guy who owned a gym and he would do a set, training client, hour later, come back to another set until he got through his entire day to do one workout. It was weird. You wanted to buy the guy a friend, but there's no doubt in the fact that it worked. But that's definitely not how I want to spend my day. I love the gym, but there's stuff I want to do with my life. I want to travel the world. Get a few tugs in before I die. That's why if you've seen the end of my other videos, you know, I really drive home the point of collapsing time and being as efficient as possible. So if you're part of my time under attention, Colton, you believe that pushing is much blood is possible in the shortest time period possible. Well, it's you do the promise land, then we need to go over how to structure workouts because that's where a lot of people screw themselves. So the way I structure my workouts is only allow for one exercise to be a complete time suck. So Sam training, chest, doing hammer strength. That's the only exercise of the day that I'll take a little time in between each set. The way I can at least maintain the same amount of weight for those high rep sets. And the rest of the sets are balls to the wall or in the spirit of that homeless guy, balls to the forehead, and there's little no rest in between. And apparently, and not so obvious way to do this is just stop resting so much between your straight sets. While everybody else is looking in the mirror getting a shove from that little vein that's poking through, just stay focused, take a couple deep breaths and get right back after it. So if you find the no matter how focused you are doing straight sets, it just a matter of time before that little vein catches your eye. And you spend half of the workout staring at yourself in the mirror and half mass. Here are some sets that I've used in the program that help people get out of their own way. And I'm sure you've heard of all of these before, maybe one you haven't because I like to make up words, but the first one's compound sets. And that's just where you hit the same muscle with two different exercises back to back. So say you're doing a seated dumbbell curl. Poms are supernated, then you hop up into an easy bar curl. Next one is supersets where you hit two antagonist muscles back to back. Now, biceps, triceps are a good example of this. You can do a seated incline curl, then right into an overhead cable extension. Next one obviously my favorite because of the name the trifucta. It's three exercises back to back to back, hitting the same muscle group. And I love to do these with triceps. So like a seated French press, line back into skull crusher, and then into a closed grip bench. And then finally the dreaded giant sets. Now, this is four exercises back to back to back to back, no rest in between. You don't have to hit the same muscle, but I rarely ever switch it up and let's just arms. So usually it's that same muscle and you're just destroying it with little to no rest in between. You rest after each set, which is a full cycle, but giant sets are tough. And as you can see, all my examples are going to be arms because it's two in the morning and I'm F***ing tired. So a good one would be drag curls right into spider curls, then those hammer curls where you're leaning back and forth to make the contraction even worse. And then finish off with alternating dumbbell curls until something bad happens. If those crazy sets are your style, then you could do it on a micro level. Like drop sets or rest-pots sets where you do 15 reps, take a couple deep breaths, and you go again, you do that two more times, or something really stupid, and just don't put down the weight. So say I'm doing cable curls, and I can only set the weight down when I'm done with those four sets. It sounds like a good idea. So that's exactly what I'm going to do. Cable curls more and force to hold the weight while I rest, and it's going to incentivize me to just get the damn thing down. Because as much as I like to be succinct with my videos, I do think it's important. I show this exercise all the way through. That way might open your eyes and you might realize, wow, I can be a lot more efficient with my training. And I'll throw some music over top because I don't want to hear myself breathe as much as you don't. And if you haven't got a chance to make sure you check out the program. I'll link that below 30 days, 20 bucks, 20 videos. It'll get your ass kicked. And make sure you subscribe if you don't, you're going to hit. Strong like a tree. There's roots dry, stand. Oh, I've been running from the law. Hope they won't shoot me down slow. Oh, they won't shoot me down slow.

=== FILE: Training For STRENGTH vs HYPERTROPHY (BOTH？) [vB1l1opGR94].txt ===

Training for strength and training for hypertrophy are two very different goals that require a specific style of training to maximize results. Strength training is centered around maximizing full recruitment and high firing rates of high threshold motor units. And the benefits are only fully realized from lift specific practice. Side note, if you've never done drugs like this, you're missing out. That means the more frequently you handle loads that are 85 to 100% your 1-ret max on a given exercise, the faster you will increase your 1-ret max for that exact lift. The caveat being, you can't just max out all the time. There needs to be sufficient volume to make sure your muscles and tendons are still adapt because it's not all just neural adaptive changes. So we need to make sure adding contractile proteins to be able to continue increasing our strength over time. How do I explain this in a way that makes sense? Here's a good example. For the next month, it's starting tugging it with your bad hand. The first changes you're going to see are neural adaptations. You probably have no rhythm, coordination is going to be all wrong. You might declove yourself on accident, but fairly quickly you'll get the rhythm down. And then eventually you'll see that forearm increase in size. You see we need we need both. That's probably not even helpful. While on the other hand, the goal of building muscle is really a balancing act between muscle protein synthesis and breakdown. Of which mechanical tension is the primary driver. It activates antibiotic pathways like M-tore, which increases muscle protein synthesis, but also releases local messages like mild kinds and growth factors. You don't need to know any of this shit. How do I reach these kids? So obviously there's not a way to train for both. At least that's what I thought. Because there have been those that have come along. Whether it's Kevin's ability to smith shoulder press behind the neck for plates, pretty much anything Ronnie has done. Or my personal favorite waking up on Saturday morning turning on ESPN and seeing this absolutely you. Maddieus! In Fujinowski. And yes, those are the most genetically gifted juiced up examples you can give, but it still led me down a rabbit whole looking to the research to see if there's a way to program for both. And actually we should have been doing this a long time ago. I'm sure you're familiar with the repetition continuum. It was first proposed in the 1930s, formalized in the 90s. The idea behind it is that it categorizes the primary adaptation for a given rep range. And while there is some truth to it, it's not that cut and dry. So yeah, here's what we know. Have your loads are in fact better at increasing strength. They consistently outperform moderate and lightweight sets that improving one RM, even when those sets are taken to failure. But it's not as significant as I previously thought. Here's a study that compared to a light group that trained at 30 to 50% their 1 rep max and compared it to a heavier group that trained at 75 to 90% their 1 rep max. And looked at increases in bench press, shoulder press, leg press, and knee extension. And they were all fairly similar. A slight edge went to the heavier group. And I'm talking it was by a dick hair. The only significant difference was in the bench press, where the heavier group increased by 14 kilograms and the lighter group only increased by 9. And here's your American numbers. It's also important to note that these weren't in experienced dorks. These were seasoned lifters. Now don't get me wrong. We're definitely going to be programming some heavy assets. I just thought it was important to understand that both heavy and lighter sets when taking to failure can fully recruit and fire those high threshold motor units. The difference in lifting heavy ass weight is you're actually practicing the movement, closer to your 1 rep max. So you reap all the neurological benefits like increase coordination and decreasing antagonist muscle activation. Shit like that. I'm sure your first question is then how often should I be lifting heavier loads? Because two frequent you run the risk of injury, just hold on to that one. Because I'll go into it when I go over how to structure a hybrid butt baby of a program like this. One thing you can't do for sure is I'm a mistake that every new ego lift or makes myself included in high school. I would max out every single week. Just in case whatever muscle tech supplement I was taking at the time started to kick in. It's true what they say a bigger muscle isn't necessarily a stronger one but what high perch fee does is raises your capacity for strength by adding contractile proteins. Myalphibrom. So if you're hitting a few sets of one every week that isn't enough volume to induce high perch fee. So don't do that? Speaking of which I've had a lot of people reach out and ask where's that supplement testing app that you were talking about? Here's what happened. This is the thing that I'm most passionate about. So I got more involved and I'm full of big dumb ideas. My favorite of those which we've been working on is having the ability to pick a category every single week. Whether that's Oshwaganda, pre-workouts, magnesium, research grade peptides. And you guys vote for which companies products you want us to test that fit that week's category. We take the top 10 and we test everything from potency to heavy metals to micro. So yeah, I assume every company out there that screwing people over is going to sue us. But it's going to be I digress because if we come back to the rep continuum and start talking about hypertrophy, this is where this shit falls apart. Because they've consistently seen muscle growth when training anywhere from 30% all the way to 90 is percent one RAP. In spite of that, I've seen a recent trend on social media of bros saying that they only training anywhere from four to six reps because anything over that is a waste of time. Which is dumb for several reasons. For the average person with regular genetics, the biggest predictor of muscle growth is volume. And yes, there's been people like Yates and men's sir, but they're not average. And they've looked at this several times. Here's a study. It's a study that compared non-responders to responders, two to eight sets per week. And when you guessed it, eight sets per week was better, especially for non-responders. And what's fascinating about that other than the dick bat man drawing behind it is that's a within subject design study, which proves that some people just need more volume. And when you're programming with volume in mind, there's a time efficiency balancing act that you have to do. Here's a good example. Volume equated, trained individuals, one group did three sets of 10, while the other group did seven sets of three. Muscle thickness was virtually identical between the two, but the hypertrophy group took 17 minutes to complete the workouts while the strength group took 70-f*** minutes. It takes a wild and shove up for a set of three. Interesting note on that, the strength group had a frequency of three times a week while the hypertrophy group trained everybody part one time a week. What that means to you is that frequency is just a way to manage volume. It's not magic. It's not misfrizzled. Another thing we got a factor into the hypertrophy side of programming that you only realize after you've worked with way too many people is that everybody responds differently to a given rep range. Meaning that some people respond better to lightweight, taken to failure, others moderate, and some people do well with heavy ass weight. If you just skimmed through the abstract of a study like this one where they had participants trained one leg at 80% one rep max, while the other one was at 60%, you'd walk away thinking that the 60% higher volume, lower intensity group led to more hypertrophy while the heavier trained leg led to more strength games because it says that. But if you do what I did, which is take my little chubby fingers and email the editor of the case study, he'll send you the anonymized limb data for each of the participants. What you discover is actually a few of the leftist had better strength increases in the lighter leg and others had greater hypertrophy increases in the heavier trained leg. The shit just averaged out in a way where you wouldn't even know that. Which means regardless of your goal, you should be testing different loading schemes to see what you respond to best. Also, selfishly, another reason I love within subject design studies is because by the end of it, some of the lifters actually had one leg that was bigger than the other. So I picture the research you're saying, congratulations on the study. Your left leg is now significantly bigger than your right, so good luck with that. And then they had to just go fuck off and figure it out for themselves. It's kind of messed up. At this point, the only thing I wasn't 100% certain on were those lighter rep sets, 20 to 30 reps. Can I make the case for including those in the program over moderate weight because everybody now is complaining about systemic fatigue. They got their little plums and a knot. Yes, there's a case for injury prevention. It gives your tendons and ligaments of break every once in a while. And I personally love those sets because they are hard and they suck. And I have a lot of self-hatred. But is there any real evidence for them? Yep, at least for me. Here's a study that looked at 6 to 10 to 20 30 reps and the individual results are all over the place. Keep in mind, this was a study that looked at the lateral and medial portion of the gastrochist, as well as the solace. So do with that, what you may. It also highlights something that I've always previously thought. And that's that you might have body parts that respond more to a higher volume or a higher rep stimulus. And for me, my arms have always grown more from higher rep sets. I don't know if that's helpful, but interesting. Also, this by far my favorite lateral head exercise period. So many good variations on here. So now that we know the best case scenario for programming for hypertrophy is basically every single rep range. And we also still have to find time to structure those heavier lifts to make sure we're maximizing strength games. I'm sure you're sitting there thinking how and hell am I supposed to do all this? It's actually fairly simple once you lay it all out. I'd almost go as far to say that I enjoy training like this because it allows you to destroy yourself in several different ways. And I believe that's what joy is. So I'm going to walk you through exactly how I structure this program just in case you don't have 20 bucks. I don't know. You developed a nice little meth habit. I don't judge. The first thing you need to know is that linear periodization, the thing your high school football coach probably had you do, where you decrease the volume as you increase the intensity has been shown to be less effective than on gelating periodization, where you change the variables either daily or sometimes weekly for increasing strength. So we're going to do that shit over there. The second thing is on exercises that we're trying to exploit for strength games, we need to make sure we're hitting them frequently enough throughout the program because again they benefit from lift specific practice. But unlike most people, I value hypertrophy just as much as strength games. So I've chosen exercises that you typically wouldn't see on a program like this like heavy assets on the hacksquad. You'll be shocked at how much your legs grow, but also how horrible the sets are. Wait till you're doing heavy fours on here. It feels like death. But at the same time we have to be smart. We can't be doing heavy sets of six on tricep extensions. It's basically an ab workout. Yeah, that didn't feel good. Now I always have an internal struggle when I build out programs because there's ways that I do things, which is orderline abusive and excessive. And the understanding that most people just don't have the time to hurt themselves that much or frequently. So what I did is build out two separate programs that I've combined into one. This is the way that I do it. It falls into the category of more of a weekly, angelating periodization and is a push pull legs where you start with moderate. Then you do a heavy workout and then you go into a lighter workout and you rotate through that. So about every week and a half you get that same heavy or moderate or light day. It's rough. So right when you're feeling good about yourself after that heavy day sets of 20 30 fuck my life. This one's more of a six flags. Every once in a while somebody will fly off or roller coaster. That one is action park. We're going to lose a lot of good men over there. I'm adding a disclaimer just for that program. If you haven't already, now would be a good time to start snorting your creativity. If you want to get that dual program, it's linked below just like always it's only 20 bucks. And it's my new favorite but baby of a program. Good after it.

=== FILE: Training Like ARNOLD For 30 DAYS! [fKVum-xVQtc].txt ===

I'm sure you got into working out for the same reason I did because of this guy. You saw this movie? I'm coming day and night. You read this book and you thought it's just a matter of days before I look like him and I'm walking around with beautiful women on my shoulder. But anybody who started this bodybuilding journey will tell you, it takes time. And pair that with the body positive moment, I'm still not there. Get there. Get there. So I thought it'd be a good idea to take a look back at Arnold Stowl training in nutrition to see if it still holds up today. Because since the goal of narrow bodybuilding, there's been numerous case studies done looking at his exact training style and we just have a better overall understanding nutrition. So we can see if there's anything useful, we want to integrate in our current training. Or if it's all just deboling genetics. And I don't want to just sit here and look at case studies and critique what is our bodybuilding Jesus. So for the next 30 days, I'm going to go through his exact training program and I'm going to eat everything he ate on his mass-building diet. What kind of sickle eats two cups of full fat cottage cheese? Oh, I'm going to throw up for sure. One four whole eggs, third cup of oats, tables with a honey, two strips of bacon. Holy shit. Obviously, the thing you're going to replace here is the bacon. If we look at it from a pure macros standpoint, it's just fat and protein. There's better sources you could have. Fuck, it smells good though. When's the last time you've had a bacon? Oh, the honey. I can see why people slowly eat themselves to death. Now when you look at his training, what the first thing that should jump out to you is holy crap, I am under training because he trained everybody part three times a week. Monday morning, chest and back at night, legs and calves, Tuesday morning, shoulders, lower back arms, forearms, if he wasn't too tired. If he was, he would split it up into a amp and work at as well. Then repeat, repeat, repeat, repeat and say. The potential for overtraining is at an all-time high because you're consistently walking into the gym, about to train a muscle that still is incredibly sore. The word thing is though, after about two weeks, your body kind of gets used to it, but it's definitely not optimal. Brad Chow and Phil ran a meta-analysis looking at this exact thing. The frequency of training, trying to figure out what's best to train a body part one, two, or even three times a week. What he found is that depending on the body part, it's best to train it twice in comparison to one time a week. As far as anything more than that, no fucking clue. Or do I stand up personally? I think three times a week for your entire body is way too much. Obviously it worked for him and I think it works great to bring up weak body parts, but not for your entire body. It was a full-time job to recover from the workouts. The number of naps I took over the last 30 days is embarrassing. Even that one of those shitty naps where people take on the couch where you actually get into bed and you wake up, you have no idea what day your year it is, those naps. I think a better option for most people would be to do his split where you hit everybody part twice a week. Meal two, 10 ounces of red meat, two sweet potatoes, three ounce nuts, one tablespoon olive oil, a large salad. Overall, this is a pretty phenomenal meal. There's stuff to sell. The salad can fish off. Now there's a couple of things I loved about this programming and one thing I didn't. The first is pairing chest with upper back. Now technically, you've got to be careful because as you train your chest and it gets tight, it's going to cause your shoulders to internally rotate. It's not as simple as just pulling weight down because as you train your lats, the exiting certain the anterior side of your humerus. As those get tight, it's going to also cause that shoulder tip forward and down. But as long as you focus on externally rotating your shoulders as you do your lap moments to bring in your rhomboid, your lower traps, I love this idea. Because two of the biggest complaints I hear from people is that I can't keep my shoulders out of my chest pressing moments and I can't connect with my lats. By supersetting, which is the majority of what Arnold did, supersets, tri sets, giant sets, it wasn't really a big straight set kind of guy. You're actually targeting the muscles that are going to help bring those shoulders back before you press. And as you pull down having that tight chest to work against, should help you have a better mind muscle connection. It's like that beautiful horrible pain you get when you superset biceps and triceps, but to an even greater degree. It's definitely two body parts I'm going to continue to pair going forward for a while. Sixty ounces whole mouth, two scoops weight gainer. It's like cake better. First thing I screwed up is I should have got chocolate, vanilla sucks. Second, given the opportunity, always eat whole food instead of a shake. The quality of these things are not great, but you got to wonder what kind of weight intershakes did Arnold have back in the day? I'm assuming it was just cornstarch and rancid protein, the farts. I'm sure the farts were just awful. Another thing I loved about this program related to that is that I'm a huge fan of pullovers for lats. I never do them for chest. I did when I was younger, but it's a bit of a tricky movement. The first half of the movement is perfect for targeting your lats. And as you continue to pull through, it shifts the focus to your chest. And surprisingly, it does a really good job with this. I verified this with the EMG device. It's one of the few exercises that really targets those lower fibers. The ones that originate off your cost, all in abdominal sheath. But it's rare I would train chest and upper back together like this. So usually I just cut in half and make it a strict back exercise. So now it makes so much sense. I don't throw it on at the end because it is the ultimate finisher. And you end up hitting secondary muscles that you constantly neglect, like your serratus anterior. And that thing is important unless you want your scapped a pitch of tent out of your back. Keep break to check out our most recent foster. And no one's not our fault he had diabetes before we got him. 12 ounces chicken, two cups brown rice, one large salad, one tablespoon olive oil. Fuck this salad again, but he's more important than that. Nobody should be eating brown rice. Eat white rice. Now if we're looking at the exact exercise you did, you're going to see what I did not love about his program. And that's you're doing stiff leg deadlifts for lower back. That means you're training legs. Every single day. Why? Why? Meal five, two cups of full fat cottage cheese and three ounces of nuts. I mean it makes perfect sense. It's more of a slow to adjusting casing. It just, it gets gross after a while. It starts out really sweet and then it starts to taste like shit. I will say this. If you haven't trained like Arnold before, do it. Do it for at least seven days. Obviously you're going to over train, but that's okay. That's not the point. It's going to teach you how to push yourself. And then from that point on every time you step in the gym, you'll have the ghost of Arnold judging you. Just a public service announcement. No thick women were hurt filming this video. Also if you've tried Arnold's training, you want to try something else. Programs are linked below only 20 bucks. Get after it.

=== FILE: Training Mistakes That MOST People Make (Don't Be THAT GUY!) [mxVLB419dDI].txt ===

All right, today we're going to go over some more common training mistakes and lucky for you. I consider myself to be the foremost expert on doing dumb shit. One time I wanted to test out what it would be like if I had an extreme amount of carbs before it worked out and it just so happened to be the best possible place to test this out. Las Vegas. So went down to Blasio Buffet and I timed it perfectly. I got about three plates in for breakfast and then they switched over lunch and I continued to hurt myself through lunch to the point where I was waddling out of there half drunk on carbs falling, sleep standing out but I came prepared. I had with me pre-made. They only pre-work out to anybody took back in the day. You know the one, tastes like I had crack rocks in it and I'll explode. And I got about halfway through that when my stomach started to violently fight back and that's when I realized I fucked up. Our let's start with something that relates to personal trainers but also beginner lifters as well. To me there's nothing more frustrating than when you see a trainer allowing the client to continue to do an exercise they have got off the form on. Not only that they actually try to get them to progress in the exercise by adding weight, but this means that they're just not only having the hard conversation because in my book it's perfectly okay to stop them halfway through the set and just say, stop right there. It's pretty apparent to me that you suck at these and I get it. It's a balancing act because when I make sure people feel like they got their money's worth and didn't just sit around and work on ankle flexibility for an hour but in our reality some people need that. You know it's funny though. More often than not especially when it comes to leg stuff and squat depth. It isn't structural. It isn't some sort of impingement. It's usually just their fear of going all the way down. It's like they think if they go all the way down something's going to jump up and bite them in the ass. So with those people what I do is they take them over the hacks what and I do some crazy high rep set and then I just kind of whisper to them as they start to fail and worry. I got you and then I dumped like the weight slowly crashed down and then once they realize that nothing's going to jump up their ass when they hit the bottom of the rep they're usually good after that. One common mistake that most people make when they're trying to drop a little body fat is they rely heavily on cardio and I've said this before. You cannot crunch a shit diet. You cannot run. You cannot risk walk a shit diet. And I'll never forget the first time I learned how many calories were in a muffin. A f***ing muffin. And I'm about you. I can't just have one. I have all. And that day it was Calculating how many calories I burned as I was on the treadmill and I realized it was about four blueberries. It's like there's gotta be a better way. And there is. My stand from this if you can't make progress with just your diet alone you have no business having cardio in. And you have no idea what the f***er doing. Because cardio isn't a crutch. It's a tool to identify your results. Not something to rely on to get them. I'll just go over one more thing because I'm not feeling so hot. Could be that I stay up all night for three nights a week or then I'm getting that virus that everybody's been talking about again. Don't worry, I'm not that much of an incentive break. I truly already had it one time. But if I don't make it this time, I expect all of you to show up to my funeral and leave the shirts and to sprinkle a little protein on the coffin. You probably know what I'm gonna say. The biggest mistake that I see people make is just going through the motions. Doing exercises that they see other people do are just doing them the traditional way and not finding ways to really connect with those better. And you call it the my muscle connection. To me, it just comes down to putting more tension, force, pressure on that muscle, the primary muscle you're trying to work. At the end of the day, if you want better results, you gotta be okay with looking like an asshole. Because if you want a better connection, you gotta try some words done. That's why I don't be surprised if you see me the gym looking awkward AF. Try and somewhere to exercise land on the floor or purposely doing exercise wrong or on the machine backwards. Look, I have no idea to use it because then pursuit of just getting a better connection to me, that's all worth it. And as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get growing. I'll talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Tricep Exercises (MORE GROWTH GUARANTEED!) [uYRNn_3UG6w].txt ===

So today, we're gonna start off like going over some stakes. I see a lot of people make on cables, but then we're gonna go over some variations that have been recently that I'm getting great results with. So, if you're ready to get those triceps to stop looking like they were held back in the sixth grade, let's get after it. So if you just sit back at the gym and watch people train triceps for a little bit, you're gonna notice that most people's underlying goal is to throw that entire stack around because that's where they think growth comes from. But once you use that as a gauge to the opposite, anytime you get close to bottom of the stack, you're doing something wrong. You're throwing the weight around, you're not connecting with the tricep. You're not isolating the muscle enough, and you're not gonna get the results you want. Personally, I don't get it. Maybe they're just one of the yellows, a lot of you can. Lift the entire stack, badge away from becoming a Eagle Scout. And this usually comes in the form of a tricep press down where elbows are flared out to the side, but there's in two inherent flaws with that. First being that you should be able to do this much weight. Cables aren't a good option for that. You should do something like a close-fripped bench where you can really overload the muscle. And the second being, there's such a short range of motion that normally I'm a fan of, but not with these because there's so many secondary muscles that can jump in and be involved in. Hey, your tricep is one of the smaller ones. It's gonna get tired first, but it's a really inefficient way to train those triceps. So what I've been doing recently is taking it back to basics. Taking the actual shoulder that likes to go rogue and do whatever the hell it wants, out of the equation. First by making a fist, throw a knee that elbow and then flex an over top of it. Now, you're always gonna have a great connection to that style of movement, but more importantly, it's gonna retrain you to flex in the proper way, which is down and back towards you. That way we can take the training wheels off again and do regular extensions. It'll be like second nature. So another thing I've been doing until that shoulder to go for the golf is doing extensions with my tricep pressed up against the machine. Nice part about that is you actually have to flex through the added pressure. And if you ever train with somebody who trains somebody in person who doesn't connect to a muscle very well, all you have to do is poke and pry that muscle a little bit. Your body has a natural response to protect itself. It'll flex that muscle, so it'll help them develop a better mind muscle connection. If you don't believe me, next time you hear the grocery store, poke somebody inside of the ribs. Watch how hard they flex their bleaks. Probably harder than they have in the last 10 years. They're nice part of this exercise. You can choose what part of the tricep you hit, depending how you set up, and how you rotate that wrist. So if you want to hit more of that medial and long head, you're gonna set up with your arm directly to your side. And then as you flex down, you're gonna supenate that wrist. And if you want to target that lateral head, you're gonna set up with your arm across your body. And as you flex down, you're gonna pronate that hand towards the floor. And as you do, that hand's actually gonna drift out away from your body a little bit. Let me finish with this. I think you're gonna find you get better results from most tricep exercises, other than presses when you do them on cables. Take dumbbell kickbacks. You're gonna lose tension because you're working against the force of gravity, but now with cables. You got constant tension and it's easy for you to dictate what part of the tricep you hit by rotating that wrist. Same applies for French press, but on top of that, most people can't do French press as correctly because you got shoulder issues. They ended up playing those elbows out. So nice part about that is you actually drop those elbows down a little bit, and hit it at a different angle that's better for those shoulders. Now does that mean that old-view cable exercises? No, I'm not a complete one. So I think you need to change up and test your body in different ways. Give you a little insight. The course comes out when I have a space in my own. Now I lock down a lease, now I'm waiting on the equipment. I reached out to Hammer String, that's gonna take 10 weeks. I'm too impatient for that. I reached out to Arsenal. No quote yet, but I'm assuming I have to give up a few testicles for that. But the biggest thing is how quickly I can get this stuff. It's gonna take 10 weeks, I don't want that either. I might have to just piece together one by one, unless somebody has a connection or they're gonna do something really shady. You get me in the front of line. We'll see. As always, like, subscribe at the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Tricep Exercises YOU'RE DOING WRONG! [Vs0W0XNwDt0].txt ===

Today we're going over Tricep specifically. My thoughts on lock it out different exercises. As well as problems and mistakes, I see a lot of people have and remember, if you have a totally different way of doing things and that's working for you, great. This is just my experience. That means it's 100% fact, so go to that. Are you sure? Are you sure? With the big questions, should you lock out your triceps? And for me, other than the rare exceptions on certain exercises, it is a resounding no. And I know I'm going to get people in the comments, hop in and cite some case study that says, you get more connection by fully locking out the tricep. But here's the thing. As I've gotten older, I've sort of questioned everything. Like these case studies, who's involved, who's in charge? I mean, think about all the people that go to your gym, even specifically think about the trainers. How many of those trainers teach phenomenal form? In of those, how many are not just good educators. They're also good practitioners, meaning they get the results to try and teach other people to get. If there is a few, they're the exception. They're not the standard. Our enemies, Benstibs to illustrate this. So what I want you to do is do a set of full reps. All the way down, all the way up, lock it out, push it to failure. Take some rest, come back, do three quarter reps. All the way down, three quarters of the way up, push it to failure. See how you feel. Everybody I've done this on, the amount of muscular pain they get from those three quarter reps compared to the full is not even close. And I know that's not the best judge of whether or not you're going to get results, but in my experience, the more often you can inflict that much muscular pain to a point where your body says, please stop, the more growth you're going to get. All right, let's go through some of the common stakes. I see people make, and on extension style movements, it's not driving through the right path. An easy analogy just to relate it to is not thinking of their elbow as a hinge. And I get it because this looks cool. But driving away on that same path is going to get less engagement on that tricep than actually using your elbow as a hinge and flexing over top of it because, yeah, you're going to start the contraction the same way. You're going to be flexing away. But after a certain point, about halfway a little bit further, it's going to change direction. You're going to pull back in towards your body. And the key word is pull, because you're actually going to feel like you're pulling back in. That's going to get more engagement. It's going to get more growth. I know that your show I see is with school crushers. A lot of people like to take that 90 degree angle with their elbow, but the issue with that is the top portion of the movement ends up being the easiest part of the contraction. A couple of ways you can fix that. The first being moving that elbow back, even just slightly will change how hard this movement is. So before when you're coming up and the easiest part of the contraction is the top and you really lose some of that force from gravity. Now with that slight move back, you can see the finishing part of the contraction is actually the hardest part. Or if you're an extremist, you can put your arm correctly straight up, almost parallel to the bench. And this is one of those rare moments where locking out actually is the benefit. Now for somebody who's shoulder suck and even just slightly moving those elbows back, causes pain discomfort. And you can't even connect with those triceps. Don't worry I got you. One thing I've noticed from working with people who have this issue is if you put them on a slight incline, put less stress on their shoulder, be able to push that elbow back, even just slightly further, to really take advantage of the increase intensity at the top of the contraction. All right, so this next one's for the person who keeps a wrist flexed up the entire time. You know what I'm gonna go down that road, bra. I'm just gonna apologize in advance. A lot of my youth was spent with dog the bounty hunter, Marathons, Hansolowing costume. And I've said this before, you're gonna flex that wrist down into the concentric part of the movement and then back up towards you during the East Centric. And all that is is a physical trigger based on how you flex that forearm that tells that tricep, it's time to work. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell, quick question. I found this one spot, it's got a lot of potential to be a great gym filming studio and I'm gonna deck it out with one line of equipment. So do me a favor, leave a comment below with your favorite line of gym equipment. And as always, get after Gekro and Dr. Yusuf.

=== FILE: Tricep Workout For MASSIVE Arms (YOU NEED TO TRY THIS!!) [8UP4Oid_rTw].txt ===

All right, today we're hitting triceps, just like we hit biceps. So the goal, we're going to crush them and do some fair amount of GI stress, call it a day. Also, if you're still stuck playing the at home version of the gym, don't stress because a lot of these principles still apply. So really, there's no excuse for not making progress. So whether you're in the backyard, colonel some crappy old dumbbells, or you're just going to time yourself, run around the house, swing your wife, ping, ping. All right, so we're starting over something I showed in the past, but just in case you forgot because that just happens to me all the time. There are fellas once a week, I'll add in an exercise that haven't done the while and wonder why the hell I stopped doing it. That's what this is. But the important thing is it checks the box in two different ways. First being, it's incredibly intense, it's hard, it sucks. The second thing is, it gradually warms up those elbows. So what we're doing is taking the variation of 21s and bringing them to the rope extension, but because we're demented, we're going to up the reps. So instead of that traditional 7 at the top, 7 at the bottom and 7 foals, we're going 20, 20, 20, but wait, there's more. I feel like that doesn't do justice to the late, coked out, Billy Mays. I forget what I first saw to this, but I instantly loved it because there's a hint of looking like an asshole mixed in with the pain it causes. So what you're going to do is in between your short rest periods and you keep those arms above your head the entire time and it's going to suck. And part of the fun of this, obviously it works, but more so it's a social experiment because you'll see people that gym give you a dirty looks and that same asshole that gave you a dirty look and the next time you go to the gym, you can be doing the same thing you just did. So to me, dips off the bench are incredibly underrated, especially the way I'm sure you had a dome. And in a way, I like to integrate them is through a super set. And instead of letting you pick whether you're going to start with them or finish with them because we don't know your horrible decision maker, feel free to comment with the dumbest thing you've ever done. What I want you to do, which also make it more intense is do them continuously. So there's no rest between each exercise until all your sets are done. So the way we're going to do the dips is by leaning forward during the negative and then arching back and up during the positive. Just think about as flexing over top of that elbow, but with dips. So as you go down, lean into it and as you come up, lean back, flex and then stop, sure, locking it out. And then we're a super set of skull crushers, but keep those elbows at that 45 degree angle and really get that wrist involved. Alright, next up we got French press with a straight bar and we're going to do drop sets. The way I like to do these is on a flat bench with nothing supporting my back. And that isn't because I'm trying to simultaneously work my core, although it's important not to be dysfunctional human being. But what it's really about is when I'm leaning back against something, I catch myself as I'm trying to go into that negative. I lean back with it as if I'm going to stretch even further. And I've seen a lot of people do this too. What we should be doing is actually leaning against it and pushing that stretch more. So nice part about these is if you get your rhythm down, right? You can actually work against it and really push that stretch more by leaning forward as you go into that negative. Alright, so we're finishing off with the hybrid tricep push-up extension off the bench. Nice part about these is you could do these anywhere. So feel free to bust them out at Costco and embarrass your entire family. And the way I'm going to do them is one long, disgusting set. So I'm trying to get 50 reps. I won't get there. When I fail, it's 2D breaths back at it. Alright, like subscribe in the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Triceps Workout You're GUARANTEED To GROW From! [KjoCEHHroJo].txt ===

You guys seem to like that last Bicep video where it took all the hardest exercises I've ever done, put it in the morning workout and destroyed myself. So today, we're doing the same thing for tri-seps and guarantees some growth. So if you're ready, get that that many of your- I'm gonna let's get after it. So this first exercise is when I talked about a long time ago. Probably one of my first videos, but it still is the absolute best way to beat yourself down with the easy bar. And that's why it's so aptly named the tri-fucked up. Because it's death by volume. The exercise is to get progressively easier, but the pain gets progressively worse. So you go from French press to skull crusher to close grip bench by that point, they're blown. With the French press, I think you're better off not locking it out or even getting close because then it turns into an awkward jerky movement. I think you're better to focus on that deep stretch and initial contraction. The way I like to do it is lean slightly forward during the negative and then contract up about halfway. Yeah, there's gonna be momentum on these, but there's so much volume. It doesn't matter. With the skull crusers, you got some options. Just depends on what you connect with the most. Either tuck those elbows in in a 90 degree angle, flex up with a short range of motion, or wrap that bar around your head, elbows at a 45, or even greater, flexing up just to enhance that range of motion a little more. And on the close grip bench, you're gonna wanna play around with your form as well. Test whether tucking those elbows in or flaring them out gives you a better connection. If I had to choose one cable exercise to completely ruin my triceps every time, it's this one. These are so hard. There's no way to fight back all the grotesque and horrible sounds you're gonna make. To the point that I'll just openly fart because it's more of an appealing sound than all the grunts that come out of my mouth. This is the one where you're gonna break the movement down in three parts and do 30 reps of each. So, parts are at the top, parts are at the bottom, and then full range of motion. And if you're sitting there thinking this is a stupid idea, you're right. My background isn't in conecology or biomechanics. I spent the majority of my youth chasing kids around the playground and doing WWE our finisher's on them. F. Notty. So I got really good in inflicting the most amount of pain in the shortest period of time. Before the teachers could catch me. And that's the thing, this isn't a smart man's game. You do what's hard, results come easy. I probably should wrap that up and let you know that I'm not a complete bully or so I didn't just go rogue and attack every single kid. I would just go back when there's a little more fun. Every boy at school during the entire year played King of the Hill and you had to fight every day to stay on top. That sounds fucked up too. And because we're going to make this as hard as possible, we're going to slow down the movement and hold that contraction for a second. Those got so bad I had to lighten away for the process of the bottom of the movement. And then during the falls, I just said screw it because there's so much blood in there. I just started to repen it out. So don't be surprised if it kicks your ass into getting lighter or just change in the form just to get it done. All that's bring back the stopwatch because last time was horrible. We're going to do close grip push ups and if you risk can't handle it, just grab dumbbells. And the idea here is to push to failure once you fail, don't go to your knees. Just pop yourself back up and do parcels at the top. Once you fail there, then go to your knees and if you can't do full or parcels on your knees, just hold yourself up. And the big thing I want you to focus on is keeping those hips as close as you can to the floor to put all that pressure on your triceps. Well, that's it. I'm going to finish your workout by bouncing your face out the floor a few times. If you missed a video where I blew up my biceps the same way, here's a link to that. Also if you need more of that lateral head and horse you're in your triceps, a link to that. Only as always subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: ULTIMATE BEGINNERS WORKOUT GUIDE (Get Results!!) [1cIMcwirojY].txt ===

All right, today we're going to re exactly what I would do if I just started working out the ultimate beginner's guide really it's if I could go back in time and talk to my younger Dumber self. Let's get after it. Well, first things first I have to sit myself down and have the patience talk. Hey, there, little buddy. I know what you're thinking. Pull seasons right around the corner or maybe you got to date this weekend and woman may or may not touch your penis and you're worried. She's got to navigate past your chubby little stomach and she could get distracted and up finger banging your belly button for a half hour instead, but just know if you want to make a lasting change and make working on a part of your life, you got to be consistent and you got to have patience. Which is a hard thing to hear, especially when you're first starting out because you know no matter how you train those first four to six weeks or mostly near a must-go-to-add adaptation. So your strength's in and goes through the roof, but in terms of muscle mass, dismal gains. But you still got to take those progress pictures and then look at them and say, my life, but know that you're on the right track and everybody has to go through it and you're actually making progress. And another thing I try to hammer into my younger, dumb or self is that when it comes to putting on muscle, the goal is not to win it all cost and I'm sure you've done this yourself. At least, seeing somebody do this because when somebody's new to the gym, they're not all outwore with every single rep because they think growth lies at the top of each contraction. So they'll bounce the weight off their d***, they'll dry, help it up. They'll do whatever it takes you's every other muscle, but the one they're trying to actually hit to get the job done. But in reality, you're just flexing that muscle against resistance, whether you're holding weight or working against a machine, it doesn't matter to the same thing. You're just contracting that muscle. I can't tell you how many years I wasted trying to move weight instead of focusing on the contraction. The day you figure out how to stay in the moment and let that muscle you're trying to hit fail is the day you're going to start making some serious progress. Another thing I do is teach myself how to be efficient. Well, this we spent three hours in the gym, we hit everybody part twice and the only reason we'd leave is because our blood sugar would drop. As you get older, you realize you get the same amount of results in half the time. If I had to recommend a split for myself, I would just say do whatever you enjoy because there's even splits now that I wouldn't be consistent with. Like a three-day split, those workouts end up being so long, one day's a chest shoulder triceps. By the time you get to triceps, you're like, f*** you. But I will say it's important for new training to give this much time as possible with each individual muscle because let's say you start with a push pull leg through team. You might only have one movement that entire week that exclusively targets those lats. And for most people, that's the top muscle we can act with. So it could take you four or five weeks before you figure out how to fire those lats. But let's say instead, you just took one day and hit your lats from every single different angle every moment you can think of. I guarantee by the end of that day, you know how to engage those lats. And I've seen some people recommend start with five by five. But to me, that's crazy because you'll probably die. Your home is going to be a complete shift because even now, it would take everything in me not to screw up that form because if you're going to fail at five reps, you have to move some serious weight. And when you're brand new, it would probably break you. So it's done with the higher rep range 15 20 reps. If you're going to fire that muscle and if you want to move onto something else, you can. But at least at that point, you'll understand how to contract each individual muscle. And then you can go from there. Another thing I tell myself is don't focus on your strengths, bring up your weaknesses because everybody's going to have one or two body parts that outpaste the rest. And they're going to whisper in your ear. Hey, hey, I know it's like day, but let's train arms again. Any experience left or we'll tell you, they rather have a perfectly symmetrical physique that's a little bit smaller than having one or two freakish body parts because it might sound good, but you're looking like an asshole. I never forget I got a job at a bar when I was younger and I saw the bar 10 or was jacked. I remember looking at him going same saying getting all excited and telling the end of his shift, he walked out from behind the bar. I couldn't even hold it back. I just said, what the fuck is it like he's looking like two little baby. And if the conversation turned into nutrition, I would just slap myself because I was the Michael Scott of carb loading. And that's not even the joke. One time I went to Olive Garden before I worked out and got the neverending possum breadsticks. I've never had more of a painful pump after one set and then violently ship for two hours in my life. If I had to simplify macros for my younger self, I would say focus on hitting your protein needs for the day and then adjust your other macros based upon what you actually need. Now with that little fatty deep down inside wants. And if you want a nice little reminder that you can leave on the home screen in your phone and it'll keep you in check just right down, you're always better than you think you are. So as a beginner no matter what you do, you're definitely going to make some mistakes. But if you have patience, you find a routine you love you can be consistent with, and you really focus on connecting with the muscle and you don't bullshit yourself, you're going to make some serious progress. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll link it below. It will definitely jump start that mine muscle connection. Also, if you haven't seen these two videos, I've watched those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DO 100 REPS？..You Build Muscle [k7x6DJdQbq4].txt ===

So this is me and the reason that's significant is because that's not me at the tail end of a grueling workout that's the 59th rep of the first set of the very first exercise. That's what we're going over today. Let's get after it. So the reason sets of 100 or so vital it's not because of what they are, it's what they do for you. The reminder that you don't go to the gym to just feel good about yourself. You're going there to kick your own ass, fail repeatedly, humble yourself, and ultimately make progress. Kind of like how holidays are a good reminder that you're a really shitty person and you're horrible at planning ahead. And the biggest thing I found that holds people back in terms of their workouts is they stop training with the intensity needed to make progress. And I'm faced with this a lot in the gym because even against my best efforts, I still manage to make friends with people. And it's only a matter of time before one of them comes up and says, hey, my legs or my arms aren't growing like this should, what should I do? It's okay, just show me a set so I can see what you're doing. And then immediately I get this weird taste of orange slices and peanut butter crackers in my mouth and reminds me of nap time and kindergarten that, but for 12 reps. So the question becomes, what can I say to somebody that reinvigorates them or if somebody who's never trained with that intensity shows them the effort required to put on the muscle they want. And then from there they can figure out if the juice is worth the squeeze because in the past I've had people come in for a session go through the entire workout and then go, you know what, I'm okay with being fat. That was too much work, which I'm okay with. But you also can't just say, hey, crank up the intensity or push yourself harder because when you say that, they hear, put another plan on leg press and do 10 more quarter reps. Then I realize the best thing I can tell somebody is to a set of 100 or century sets but with a caveat. Other than the squats I showed in a previous video, you have to do with built-in drops. And there's going to be a person that says, well, that's not a true century set and you're getting lost in the weeds and you're an asshole. You're doing drops because it makes it harder and it prevents you from half-assing the set. And the rule is if you get more than 30 reps before you drop the weight, then you went too light. Or if you're going through the set and you realize that if you drop it again and it's going to be too light, just don't drop it or heck, even just add some weight back on. Remember, this is supposed to be a horrible experience. So my challenge to you is to come up with the hardest and craziest century sets you can think of. Tag me in it, I'll share in the pan together. I'll probably even throw it in the video and don't worry. I've got some dumb ideas to submit myself. So to answer the question, what happens after you do 100 reps? Well, it reminds you that that sweet feeling of accomplishment actually feels like back pee. It takes a little bit like vomit and smells like your own ass. But just worth it. So if you find you need a little extra push and you haven't checked out the 30-day program, I'll leave a link in the description. Also, if you haven't checked out that 100 squat challenge, here's a link to that video. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. They said you can tell a lot about someone's personality, based on the Carthy drive. Open buttole. That's beautiful. Close buttole. Now, close buttole.

=== FILE: WHATS IN MY GYM BAG？ [cuca0prdLgc].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over absolutely everything I keep in my gym bag and to be honest with you I actually had to go buy a gym bag to make this video because I keep everything in the trunk of my car And I know myself that was the title of this video It just went ended up being one long dead occurred joke so to save us from that Let's just throw it all on a gym bag and yeah, I had to believe that out because for some reason YouTube tries to take all my money every time I mention a dead in the first 30 seconds of a video So they must have some sort of prejudice against haters now when I originally thought about doing this video I was torn because my first thought was who gives a shit what's in my gym bag But then I started thinking I love when people make videos and what's in their camera bag or different tools they use and on top of that I know this is going to be helpful because I picked up some pretty interesting stuff along the way And it seems like every video somebody asked where do you get that shirt or those straps etc So you'll never have to ask that again and know I won't leave links in the description because I don't want your affiliate money And because you guys are pricks last time I purposely didn't tell you where I got that Bios still stuff I like to drink you jerk still bought all of it off Amazon How to go to Walmart do you have any idea with the Walmart by my house is like it's awful? What do you know it's busy? Oh, there's a spot no journey diaper no crackhead Nope two year old with diabetes Now you might say Widmet why do you even have a gym bag or stuff in your trunk because don't you have a gym? Yeah, it's more of a studio than anything else there's lights everywhere and Personally I don't like to sit in the studio all day and then train there I also find that I get some energy from the gym just from people and They don't like people but I like the energy they give me so I have a membership to pretty much every single gym This is the one I go to when I'm sure on time and I don't want to make it excuse for not getting a workout in Plus they have one of those vibrating power plates which are great for tickling your I don't know why but I always have the best back workouts at this gym. It's not the equipment the equipment sucks Now this is the gym where all my exes workout at this is the one I go to for my version of physical therapy and to feel like a loaded soccer mom just for legs All right let's start off by running through the basics things that everybody should have and if you don't you're failing at life And then we'll go into the specialized things that most people won't need but if you do it'll save your ass Holy shit, I think my beard just got grayer in the span of three minutes first things first headphones because Everybody needs a good soundtrack to listen to us. They hurt themselves so I use these and I know These look ridiculous, but I also have these but these are really good at breaking So I'll take them more reliable ones that make me look like a fucking Disney character now the next thing is my new favorite thing because I'm sure I'm just like you where you like to take a pre-workout strong enough to make your skin crawl borderline melt and then I chew one of these it's called neuro gum and it's got enough Elthine and then they really take the edge off you still get all the benefits of the crazy energy that pumps and Feel like you're on meth but less anxiety next up straps now you should find a reason to use these every single back day and if you don't I don't know what you're doing with your life. I used to be on team old school straps It kind of had to wrap around the bar and still use chalk because it didn't work that well when I saw people with these I thought oh my god that's adorable that part of your Halloween costume You look ridiculous who let this guy in here when he's not looking I'm gonna shit in his gym bag when I finally tried these I was furious why didn't you tell me these were so good You maybe ruin a perfectly good gym bag these ones are made by chic the same as a verset grips and I think there's even one called cobra grips It's shaped like a cobra and even has a cobra on the back of it way to make a good product really do she I've never broken a pair of these I probably went through 50 of those old school straps and if you've ever done that You've seen your life last before your eyes because it's always only one that breaks so you get jolted from side to side You end up checking the tear my obliques my my testicles good one two three. Okay, we're good Deodorant don't be that guy. There's one every single gym. I don't know how they don't know that everybody can smell them and hates them Hope say die next my breaking case of emergency kit and I keep in a shaker cup you got your pump The pre-workout and your protein For the rookie that says well, how do you know which one's the pre-workout and which one's the pump? People work out so one that looks like cocaine and if you smell it Mergers knows now for some of the more interesting things so about a year ago I ended up getting a pinchner from my neck which led to stratus anterior palsy and scapular winging and Even though they all happened at once I didn't notice it right away just slowly over time once out of my body started to deteriorate and die Fuck and the only way I figured out it was nerve related and I should get an MRI to see where it all stems from is by using this thing I strapped it on the bad side turned it all the way up and nothing I was like oh, maybe it's just not that strong put on the good side and it jumped like crazy back to the bad side burn my skin. Oh No I'm pretty fucked up and if you're not familiar with what this is this is just a really strong east-im Holy shit which ended up being really beneficial in the recovery process because I had strapped it on the bad side And try to get that muscle and nerve to work together to Kind of fire and stop being a piece of shit and then conjunction with all the other stuff I was doing It definitely helped and I've seen people in the comments say I really can I have one of my triceps but not the other If you have one of these you might want to throw it on and see if it's not nerve related and even if you don't just go to your closest P.T. and say I'll let you Give me that stupid sales presentation if you just let me use this this alien term was really great for improving posture Thrust and mobility you just lay over top of it open up that chest Pinsos shoulder blades together and hurt yourself and this straps only when I found the ledge to do a Sratus anterior exercise that isn't a total wasted time so if you have a wing scap I would use this just Rapper on your back hook your elbow and drive it forward and you're gonna start to see some improvement No, those last few things are definitely for a specific group of people But if you have those issues, they're definitely gonna help Now I've seen a lot of wings at the gym so that last banded exercise is a fucking winner I'll make sure to put the names of everything in the description and if you haven't checked out the full or garage program I'll leave those links in the description again 30 days 20 videos that's only 20 bucks pretty damn simple and if you haven't watched this video last video Is it good one? I Like it like subscribe notification bell get after a good growing talk to you soon Don't throw this away. Why you think of those? No, because I was driving around town I had to pee in it. You did not

=== FILE: WHY Your Training Split Is NOT Building Muscle (PPL ｜ BRO ｜ FULL BODY!) [1RMPjfgH1W0].txt ===

Alright, today we're going in-depth on training splits because honestly they all work. Unless you're making one of these mistakes, in that case, you're going to be that guy at the gym that shows up day in and day out, makes no progress. Basically, you're going to be the Richard Simmons of your local gym. So you might as well start dressing like them and taking all the weeners to the face. And that escalated quickly. Now a lot of it comes down to personal preference. What gets you excited about going to the gym keeps you engaged while you're there and most importantly, keeps you consistent because that's where most people fall in their little circle faces is the one you should choose. But of the three training splits we're going to talk about today, there are some definite benefits and downsides to each. And you guys know I'm a huge advocate for bros splits, but more than likely the next program I come out with will be a ppall split. It's a great way to train. It's a lot of fun. So a lot of fuckery. But you're going to be really methodical with your exercise selection or you can screw yourself. And as much as I hate to admit it, there's some real benefits to high frequency training. Kinda. So starting out with bros splits, obvious benefit is you can an entire day dedicated to destroy each body parts. So if you can't cause enough metabolic stress or put enough tension on the muscle really tear up those fibers, your lost cause. But the downside is you're only training each body part once a week. So unless you properly kick your own ass, you're going to be sitting there waiting to train that muscle again. And the one thing you have to avoid that's going to hold you back from getting any real results is the same thing that makes this such a beneficial split. And that's even though you have an entire day dedicated to one body part, you can't get lazy and fill it with bullshit exercises. The only thing I'm going to create it to is one year for Christmas. My parents gave me this big book full of toys and said circle whatever you want. That's the exact moment I became an asshole because I circled pretty much everything. Even some Barbies because J.I. Joe's Need Love in too. And I showed up at school the next day, pinky up, book in hand. And I was the worst. Tell my friends, apparently I'm rich now. So you can go fuck yourselves. And it turns out that my parents were just low-key assholes and they bought three of the cheapest things I circled. So the next year, I got a little bit smarter when handing me that book. I said, I don't need it because if you don't buy me that three foot tall red Ranger, I'm going to kill myself. And that's basically the same way you have to think about building out your workouts. Because even though you have an entire day dedicated to one body part, you can't fill it full of bullshit exercises. You can't hop on the step, middle during leg day and think, well, there's one exercise down or sit in front of the mirror and flex your tits for half hour and think, well, probably should just do a couple sets of chas and I'll be good. Unless you want to look like this forever. Alright, let's talk PPL split because there's a lot of benefits here. Maybe you're one of those people that are way too busy. Maybe you got a stressful job that demands too much of you or you can't venture too far from the house because you have kids at home, you have to water either way. You can still get your entire week done in a three day split. But the better way to do it is either a six day on one day off or my personal favorite, just running a three day on one day off continuously, you basically hit it everything twice a week. Technically you're not, but close enough. And the problem that most people run into is you have to be very thoughtful when you're setting up this training because you can't just walk into the gym and look to see what your machine is open. What the fuck is that? And what you can run into a problem is you have to be very thoughtful with your training. Most people are not. Now walk into the gym, see what machine is open, use that. Unless there's a woman on the ad dr machine, they're doing whatever exercises close to that. They'll stretch for 10 minutes and then get a bird's eye view to creep from as they're walking on the treadmill. That's their workout. But if you do take the time to lay it out, this is where it gets fun and you'll start seeing some serious results. Especially when you start alternating what you emphasize on each day. So for instance, that first leg day, if you make it more quad and glute based, the next time it comes around in four days, you can make it more hamstrings and calves. But it goes even deeper. On back day, you can make that first and more lap based and then the next time it comes around, more of those heavy movements, those dead, those T-bar rows, the things you hate the most. And if you wanted to become even more of a sociopath, you can start targeting specific heads. So that first bicep day you do, do more exercises that target that long head. Next time it comes around, short head. Same thing for triceps. Start with that lateral head. Next time hit that long head. And if you didn't have OCD before, good fucking lock. Now you're going to start touching everything three times and counting your breaths. And finally, high frequency training. And this I've kind of done because anytime I come back from an injury or have one side looks phenomenal on the other side, looks like a little piece of shit. What I'll do is I'll get really impatient. I'll disregard all reason and I'll piss directly in the wind and train that one side every single day. Doesn't make sense. Shouldn't work as well as it does. And maybe you notice through the language I use or maybe you're a moderator and one of those A-well chat rooms, I got kicked out of when I was a kid, but I'm not the most religious person. So to me, like days, the closest thing I get to a religious experience. So I don't love the idea of training full body five days a week and losing that. But the trap you're going to inevitably fall into is you're going to start half-ass in your workouts because with that much frequency, you're losing one of my favorite indicators that you're making progress and that's soreness. And I know the fourth year on the comments is going to soreness does not equal growth. But with that style of split, what else can you use? Because you're not going to be making strength, gain, training full body every single day. So you just make sure you don't get in the habit of thinking that your workouts are supposed to be easy. At the end of the day, I wouldn't train like that except to bring up a lagging body part. But if that's something that you like to do and it keeps you consistent, who gives you shit? And if you haven't got a chance to get out of the 30 day program or the garage one, I'll leave a link in the description. And even people that were anti-abrosed split fell in love with it because it's a different kind of pain. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. If you want to see what a people split would be like if we were step brothers, I'll leave a playlist right here. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: WORKOUT MOTIVATION 🔥 GET AFTER IT - GET GROWING! [K8CUEZStRw4].txt ===

Today we're briefly interrupting from our normal schedule content to talk about motivation. Growing up, I always felt different. While everybody else could go out and drinking, partying, having to fun, those same experiences for me would just leave me feel empty and confused. Wondering, this can't be all there is. Then I realized my happiness is derived from progress. Now I still feel like an alien and disconnected from my peers, but at least I knew there was a path I could take to reach it. But then I heard this one quote that changed my life forever. Hold on. I think I can do that. The worst thing I could be is the same as everybody else. I hate that. I had a cheat. There's no way I could expose last name right. That one phrase gave me permission to be different. And if you're saying it's just a stupid saying, what's the big deal? Think of all the things that your parents said or some homeless guy yell at you across the street that's stuck in the back of your head and run your day-to-day life. Like, Monday doesn't grow on trees or you can't always give it to you. Or some other bullshit thing like that that dictates your day-to-day. I'm not making this for the experience left or who's already reached their goals. They look the part. They already in a routine. This is for the person just getting started in the gym. Who's aspirations have an actualized yet? And you have to justify to their family, friends, girlfriend, boyfriend, whoever. Why this ideal is a worthy one to pursue. Now this may just be me, but in my experience, this is bigger than just the superficial goals you receive. This is character building. The structure, the sacrifice, the determination, all the traits you need to build a better you will spread to all areas of your life. Now you would think that this sort of endeavor would garnish a support from everybody in your life. Hey, Debregate to you. You're going to have some haters. I've realized just the way you live your life is going to make people uncomfortable. Even if you go out of your way, not to cause harm, people are going to get offended. But I always stand by the fact that the most important thing in your life is you. And if you don't take care of you and you're happiness and what makes you happy, you're going to be miserable. And at least for me, if I don't go to the gym, I'm fucking awful to be around. That's my anger management. And if I don't get it, now are there people to do it for the wrong reasons? Absolutely. I actually think we all started in the gym because of some sort of insecurity or just not feeling good enough. But then it's on us to turn into something more. Because whenever it would be more than just a weekend more, you're someone that just doesn't inconsistently until we stop running from something. We're not proud of until we start going because we're excited about what we're growing into. I'm sure some of you were wondering what the hell that was. Been coming here to get preached to, but this probably wasn't for you then. This stuff just gets me hyped up. For some reason, I want to scream that life from Shop of the Thunder. I'm a lad, fom of motherfuckers. Doesn't even make sense. So to the person who's unsure if their hours, weeks, years are worth being spent in the gym, they answer, fuck yes. Because while the world's burning around you and everybody's freaking out, you're always in control of the most important thing in your life. You and how you present yourself to the world. Lock it up.

=== FILE: WORST EXERCISES For Muscle Growth (Don't Be That Guy!) [HsyecqyPo9Y].txt ===

All right, so today we're going over the most overrated overhyped exercises you can do. Now, obviously this is going to spur some controversy. So look forward to meeting you a little troll people in the comments. But let me preface by saying that, do I think this is going to be some universal truth for everybody? Yeah. Thought I was going to give you some out so you can continue to do dumb shit. Now, not today. Let's get after it. Now, there's absolutely a place for closed group bench in client decline. But flat bench press is the most overrated dumpster fire exercise you can do. And there's a lot of reasons for that. Now, a lot of it has to do with the bar belt cell because in less than an experienced lifter, it's going to promote bad form because when she hits the fan, what happens? Because those hands are perpendicular, people like to flare those elbows out, try to get those shoulders involved and then sign up to a pectare. And this doesn't happen on any client or decline because the angle because the position in that shoulders in the less of a compromise position. So there is no worries there. But I'm flat and absolutely does. So why not just avoid it? Why not do dumb bells? Turn those hands at 45 degrees and push from a position of strength and a position where you get a better contractional role. Maybe you're not sold. Maybe you think you get a bench 315 to keep your man card. And if that's the case, I know you. I've seen you at the gym. You're the guy that wears this clustering and still takes to add out in the yearbook, even at your 40, make sure these junctures know that you scored six touchdowns in a single game. But I could promise you this. When you stop ego lifting and you start chasing the connection, the contraction, you're to make more progress. And I get it. Every day, somebody's going to ask you, how much you bench? But you know, it's worse than that. Is the guy that's ready and willing to answer that question? Doesn't matter what gym you go to, it's not going to be some guy stand for them. You're spitting all over it, doing alternating dumbbell curls. Now, be hard for us to convince me that that exercise, when that transfers tension throughout the movement. So at the bottom of the movement, you're hitting that break. You're like you flex up. It's the long head and you twist into that short head. That's a better exercise than finding ones that isolated down each of the heads in the breakouts itself and getting more time under tension that way than losing the tension throughout the movement. If you are playing on staying in this abusive relationship, even though it's completely one-sided, there is no future. I suggest doing them on cables because a couple of things you fix here. One, you're not alternating back and forth, so there is no rest. You're away from the mirrors, you're not spitting all over it. But most importantly, you're keeping constant tension and you can kind of pinpoint where you want that pressure and that tension and target one muscle over the others. So if we want to hit more breakouts, like in lean back, lift that arm up and flex over top of it there. If one hit long head, short head, I can just change how much I rotate and really pin point each of those. So if I want to do a little bit of rotation at the top, I can hit that long head or phone to really exaggerate and really open it up. It's going to pull into that short head. Another exercise I'm going to issue with is hyper extensions. Not necessarily because they're just as self, just the way that most people do them. Now if you're coming to this video some baggage, you've had some disc injuries over the years then, yeah, probably doing the static version of these the way to go. But if not, you have a healthy back and you can see some serious benefits by getting some flexion and extension involved. One obviously increase your flexibility. Two is a better contraction because you're relaxing that back and then arching it up and you're going to get more growth in the splinter wreckers. But you can't tell me that it's not a better movement than what you see most people do the gym by grabbing 45, 90 pounds over arching their back and slamming up and down. That's better than slowly controlling flexing forward arching up. To me, that's a better overall movement. It's safer. You're going to better contraction. You're going to get more development. You're going to better contraction. A few people are puckered up with me just in next to this bar because a lot of people reached out and they said, hey, you can do a video on track bar dead lifts and just rest assured it's not the exercise itself. It's how people use it. A lot of people use this as a crutch because they can't do regular dead lifts. To me, that's not acceptable. Also, it's indication that you're probably not even doing these correctly. If you can't do regular dead lifts because there's a similar form involved and just how you load your hips. Just know that you're going to have to go back to basics. I would ditch these for a while. Go back to regular straight bar dead lifts. Figure that form out because again, it's going to just aid you down the road and it's going to increase your squat form. It just overall you're going to be a better lifter but make sure you don't use a movement like this as a crutch. So as always, like, subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after a good growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: WORST Exercises For Building MUSCLE？ [GT_vReZ3VUA].txt ===

All right, so I asked you guys what you thought were some of the most overrated exercises, so I can attempt to salvage some of those dumpster fires and turn them into something useful. But as you'll see, not all of them are worth saving. Let's get after it. So I have to say, it was nice to see us all come together as a community and really share in our common hatred of certain exercises and try some of the touts spot in terms of total number of exercises and some of them. And also some people just submitted exercises that obviously aren't overrated, they just hate to do them because they're hard, which I can appreciate. But we're going to start with my personal favor, the list, Burpees. Also known as the exercise that trainers have their clients do when they run out of useful shit. And I thought this would be a great one to start with because it's pretty tough to judge how useful it actually is because yeah, if you have a pretty cavernous belly button and you have to grunt your way through tying your shoes, then the idea of getting up and down off the ground is pretty worthy and deverted to pursue. But they also give you a flashback to high school football when your coach had you do up downs, which are basically a burpee, but instead of jumping up and down looking like to get to run in place and then violently throw yourself on the ground and pop back up. So we know they're hard, but I still would much rather choose an assault bike or a roar. So how do we make it better? So the first thing is you can grab some dumbbells and hold those while you're doing, but then you're just an unnecessary danger to an already ridiculous exercise. And I've seen a lot of people take pride in the fact that they can do a burpee and then jump on a box or hop on a bench, but I would just just not do a shit little box jumps instead. So I think it's safe to say the verdict on burpees is that they're pretty damn overrated. All right, next up, let's go over some of those tricep exercises because these are actually salvageable. Starting out with kickbacks. A.K.A. Could be a tricep exercise. Maybe it were at hammer crow variation. Now I'm just kidding. I'm just jerking back and forth. These are momentum because I have no idea what I'm doing. Let me first start up by saying, I get it. Every time I see somebody do these at a gym, I want to find an exact where they live. So I can wake up right in early one morning and take a shit on their lawn because most people disagree these to the point that they're unrecognizable. You can't even tell they're trying to train triceps, but these are actually a phenomenal exercise when you don't do them like everybody else. And you've got some options. You can just set up a bench on a 45 degree angle, lay over top of it and grab two dumbbells with a supinated grip and then it'll instantly give you a better connection. Or if you have a nice set of lopsided triceps, you can set that bench up even higher, pin your shoulder up against it and do them unilaterally. And that pad of the bench is going to strip them momentum completely out of it. Or simply ditch dumbbells all together and strictly do cables because you can easily find a great connection by adjusting the position of your body or that elbow. Keep it nice and high or just tuck it into your side and do an asshorter range of motion. And the verdict is it's underrated unless you do them like everybody else. And another popular submission was the French press. Also known as the how many times is going to hit myself in the back of the head with a dumbbell within five minutes. And I actually think these as is whether you use a dumbbell, easy bar, seated or standing are underrated exercise. You just have to know going in, you're going to get better results with a shorter range of motion and focus on a higher rep range because if you try to use heavy weight with these, you're asking for a bad time. It's like if your wife asks you, she looks fat in a certain pair of jeans and you respond, no, your fat looks great in those. But if you're like me and you got one show with this a little less in pain. So it's easier to get in that position and ends up dominating the movement. Then you're better off doing what I showed in a previous video, which is pin it up that elbow against the bench on a nice steep incline and doing your French press is that way. And another submission that stood out to me was somebody who said anything involving the bozu ball, which is an acronym for both sides up and don't act like you knew that. And it takes everything in me now to immediately carve overrated in this damn thing because I too hate scrolling through Instagram and seeing somebody try to sell me in the fact that a single leg squat on here, while you just simultaneously doing dumbbell curls, will change your life. But there are two applications that make this an incredibly valuable piece of equipment. The first one applies to anybody who has trouble with those anterior doubts, whether it's flies or pressing movements on chest day, with this half moon piece of shit allows you to do is pin socials together, pull those shoulders back and keep in touch in the bozu ball the entire time. That'll make sure the chest is dominating the movement. But it also supports those arms as you come down, so it's a little bit easier. And it gets you in the habit of opening up that chest before you drive it up. And also allows you to set up a mechanical drop, which is normally a pain in the ass on chest. But with this, it's easy. Start with the in-clim movement. As you start to fail, you push those hips up, you go more horizontal. When you fail with that, you tilt those hips back a little bit more, so you go into more of a decline movement and force out a few more reps. And you hit that chest from every single angle in one exercise. And the second application is using it for abs, because for me, laying on it almost like a decline bench and crunching into it and forcing my lower back against that ball gives you the most painful contraction, no other ab exercise comparison. And it's also great for anybody with lower back issues. Anybody who feels like they could just fire a disc across the room at any moment, that little bit of support makes a huge difference. So the verdict is, it's incredibly underrated unless you're going to do stupid shit on it. And lastly, the single most submitted exercise, the traditional flat bench press. Now, for me, it's inevitable. Every time I do these, I get a few reps in, I get tight into one of my packs. And it feels like it's going to fruit roll up right into my armpit and ruin my life. So this one's an easy overrated, but I know some people get great results with these. And that's awesome. I'm sure there's a trophy out there for you somewhere. Just keep searching Craig's List and you'll find it. But to me, you better options using dumbbells, a slight incline and a Smith machine, really anything else. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30 day program, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days. It's 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. If you haven't watched these videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Want Huge Forearms？ I Gained 1 Inch Using THIS Science-Backed Method! [LMGS04Kn3_w].txt ===

Over the last year, I batted an inch to my forearms, and it actually was fairly easy. Once I fully understood the anatomy of the forearm. As you can see, the forearm is made up of 20 individual muscles, each with their own specific function. Everything from risk flexion, extension, radial deviation, owner deviation, pronation, supination, stabilization, and even flexion of the elbow. So we're going to go over the absolute best way to train each one of these muscles, because it matters. Also, at the end of this video, I'll give you one of the exact workouts I've been doing. For years, I neglected the finger extensors and flexors, because I assume isometric holds would get the job done. I was wrong. Over time, I developed tenis elbow in my right arm, and golfers elbow in my left, meaning that I couldn't pick up shit in the yard with my right hand, and I couldn't do stupidity curls with my left. It sucked. So, if you're dealing with either of those, this will absolutely help. On top of my purge fee increasing grip strength, yadayada. So, let's start this out by taking a relatively small shit in the cereal. If anybody that believes that the farmer's carry is the end all be all for forearm training. The farmer's carry or any sort of static hold have a very distinct benefit. The increased neural adaptations faster than dynamic contractions, your typical eccentric concentric, so there are a great way to increase grip strength. Especially when the hold you're doing, close your resembles the exercise you want to increase grip endurance on. For example, say you wanted to increase grip strength for your deadlifts. Then the best way is get a straight bar, put moderate to heavy weight on there. Use your exact grip you're going to use for deadlifts and hold that. But, isometrics have limitations. Yes, they induce faster neural adaptations and can create a small amount of hypertrophy. However, if we want to continue increasing grip strength, we need to increase the cross-sectional area of the muscles and valves, specifically contractile proteins in the finger flexor muscles. And the way we do that is with good old extension flexion, dynamic movements, which will induce more hypertrophy. And that's why we're doing this whole thing, right? That's the purpose. We want jacked forums. On top of that, forums are the muscle that show the greatest correlation between size and strength. So, yeah. If isometrics were all we needed, then we all want to have jacked forums and high school thanks to Heather Brooke. Well, means keep doing your isometric holds, but you're going to want to pair them with the dynamic movements. I'm going to show you today starting out with the anterior side of the forum, the flexor compartment. That's fucking weird. Now, most of the time, you're going to see the anterior compartment broke down into three separate layers, which is nice because you understand depth, but it's still pretty confusing. There is a lot going on here. Instead, everything gets a lot simpler when you just pair them by their action. Let's start out by going over the muscles that are responsible for your grip. The flexor digital arm superfistialis is responsible for digits two through five, and they assist in closing your hand. The flexor digital arm profundus is responsible for actually closing your grip. And we probably should add the flexor polis as long as to this, because it does flexure thumb, but it's just, it's an awful muscle to train. You've got to go on Amazon by a little rubber donut, and that's the best way to train it. It's ridiculous. One of those finger flexors inserts into the middle flanges, while the other inserts into the distal flanges, meaning that the best way to train those muscles is by doing risk curls, and allowing the weight to roll all the way into your fingers to get the greatest possible stretch. You could make the case that using a hand gripper like this could be an even better exercise, because it's easier to overload. There's an isometric component to it, but I personally prioritize high-purch feet first, and then grip strength second. So, yeah, if you're somebody who is an arm wrestler or you beat a clamp for a living, you're probably going to like this more. Be personally, like put that muscle at length under load, and every time I use this, I just squeeze it until I can't touch anymore, and I get frustrated. Speaking of finger flexors, I'm sure at some point you're lifting career, you've used fat grips, and probably incorrectly. More often than not, I see kids at the gym attach into a barbell, or dumbbell like this, and doing regular curls, because it is the secret to bigger overall arms, which you can't really blame them. If you look at their website, they have this nice illustration that shows a before and after. It's hard not to believe it. Based on the research, these will actually decrease by some activation when you use them on curls, which is fine, because that's not even what they're supposed to be used for. These are for wrist flexion and extension. I think the marketing person just got a little over-exellus and excited for their an idiot. The true beauty of this is it increases the width of your grip. Therefore, starting the finger flexors out at a longer length. So, if you're somebody who doesn't like to let the bar roll into your fingers when you're doing wrist curls, this is a great alternative. Same thing. Probably not the most effective thing for your bicep curls though. I know. Sorry. It looked so freaking cool, you know. Now that you have a couple of effective ways to train the finger flexors, let's talk about a group that's a little bit more fun to train, because you can actually see them, the primary wrist flexors in the superficial layer. Here's something that's interesting that most people just don't factor in, and that's that these flexor muscles originate on the medial epicondal of the humerus. You don't have to know what that is, just know that it's over here. So, the natural line of action of these muscles isn't at the center of the wrist down the form. It's better to think about them contracting at an angle, because actually what's involved is flexion, pronation, and a slight bit of owner deviation. That's where most people will feel a general awkwardness with wrist curls because they are. You're essentially cutting the range of motion in half. So, the best thing you could do is find exercises that fall that natural line of action and lucky for you. I have no life and I found them all. One of my favorite ways is putting two individual handles on the cable stack. It allows you to lean forward to get a nice deep stretch, but even more important than that, you can pronate and get that slight owner deviation as you come down. And this is kind of where you can develop your own method of training, because in this exercise you can absolutely let it roll into your fingers and use it as a finger flexor exercise, or you can simply just keep it into your wrist and flex it that way, or because the finger flexors are generally a lot weaker of a muscle, you can use it as a mechanical drop. You start with your finger flexors and then once those fail, grip it and rip it with your wrist and so what do I do? I rip it. One of my other favorite exercises is one of the dumb reasons I bought this little tights bench that primates. Kind of why. The thing I like about it is it gives you the perfect angle to do wrist curls, which don't buy the bench just for that most benches. We'll do this, I guess the real benefit for me is it doesn't sound like this one. What I found is that if you lean into your working side, it's going to perfectly line up those fibers and then from there just don't fight that owner deviation. You want that. And if you want to, you can do the same mechanical drop here. Let it roll into your fingers, flex it up, once that starts to fail, just go straight into wrist flexion. Which brings us to the last group on the anterior side, the pronators, which I know there's so many different muscles to hit, no wonder my forms are so small before it wasn't doing half this shit. The best way I found to train your pronators is using a looped strap like this. And you really don't need the loop. You just need any sort of strap like a attachment because we're going to pronate and let it roll under our knuckles. Now this isn't ideal because we have to actually hold an isometric contraction with our biceps, as we were against that rotational force. But this is all you have, it works pretty damn good. And just a slight note, I get a little bit better connection when I bring that elbow, slight down in front of me, and then do it. There's always the classic dumbbell variation, but the strength curve just is an ideal. I actually just found this guy in Instagram who makes a pretty legit forearm machine. Again, you don't need it, but if you're a hermit like me, they like to train his garage, not a bad investment. The arm wrestling community also has a great set of tools for training your forms. Eventually you'll wind up finding something like this, which after spending about an hour trying to stick, you're going to realize that it's put your wrist in a more natural position to flex, pronate and add-up. So yeah, about these two. Well, that just about covers the anterior side. Now let's go over the posterior side, which shouldn't take that long. There's only 12 more muscles. It's actually not as bad as you think. We just have to group those bastards together. Let's start out with a group of finger extensors. I've heard people say stick your hand to bag of rice and spread your fingers apart, but there's no real way to progress that. And on top of that, it's only a matter of time before you have that awkward conversation with your wife. What do you think I'm doing? A fist in a bag of rice? Now again, you might be tempted to use vagrants for this, but that's actually a really bad idea. Because like we talked about, it's nice and metric contraction, but in this case, your extensor muscles are short in the entire time. So it makes even less sense. Grippenderence? Yes. I purchase these strength. No. The best I found, unfortunately, are these. And I would prefer not to have to buy these little things that look like they came out of a quarter machine, just to train my finger extensors, but these allow you to progress through different levels. And it's critical you don't neglect these, because I believe that lateral and medial epicondolitis is caused by not dynamically training those finger extensors and flexor muscles. This should be a big aha for you. Golfers elbow, medial epicondolitis, and tennis elbow, lateral epicondolitis, are just categorized as inflammation in their corresponding tendons. Once you realize that a lot of these anterior muscles share a common tendon, same goes for the posterior side, you understand you can't neglect any of these stupid muscles, no matter how small, because you run the risk of overused injuries, IE inflammation. You have to train every single one of these little bastards. I'll leave me. Both my issues were relatively bad. I had to ease and to train those smaller muscles. So I started out by just not wearing straps, straight back day whatsoever, which sucked at first. Then I added in heavier e-centrics, because it helps you retrain any sort of protective movement patterns you might be doing. And then once I was good with that, full range of motion extension and flexion. And now I am an adult with fully functional forums. All right, back to the list of muscles that we have yet to train. Now we can skip over the anchonious, because it's a relatively weak stabilizer at best, and they often use it for tendon transfers, and it's going to get hit with other stuff. So screw it. For the supernator, I just grab the same strap attached when I use for pronation. And supernate. And again, you could use a dumbbell for this, but I don't love it. Now when it comes to training the three primary, risk-to-extenters, you're going to have to make a decision on what you value the most, because all three of them cross over that elbow joint. So it makes sense to keep your arm as straight as possible while you do that. But also two of the three muscles aid in radial deviation, while the other one, on our deviation. So it might make sense to use a single handle that way you can actually abduct or add to your risk and follow the natural line of action of those muscles, even though that elbow is bent in your slightly shortening it, it could be beneficial to preference thing. I say screw it, and you do what you feel the most. Because honestly, one of my favorite exercises is just throwing on two handles and pulling those things apart by a mechanically incorrect. Painful? Yes. Finally, let's finish up by talking about the biggest of all form muscles that has no effect on the wrist whatsoever, and actually is a flexor of the elbow, the brachial radialis. The only thing you need to know to understand this muscle is the originates on the lateral part of the humerus, ramps around inserts, distalene in the lateral part of the radius. That's why you're going to hear a lot of people say just do hammer curls, because your brachial radialis is supposed to be your strongest elbow flexor, and as long as your wrist is in a neutral position, it perfectly lines up the insert from the origin, but I don't know about you. My brachial radialis didn't grow shit from hammer curls. Turns out, when you look at some of the research, there's a lot of intersubject variability in terms of what is their strongest elbow flexor. For some people, it is the brachial radialis. For others, it's the biceps brachial. All that means for you is that if you have decent biceps and a hook brachial radialis, then you're going to have to pronate to limit the activation of those biceps. My two favorite variations are this reverse grips, Smith, drag curl, which I know, sounds like a horrible idea, but it will give you the most pain in your brachialis and brachial radialis than you've ever felt. It feels so good, it feels dangerous. I just lean slightly back and then unlock the Smith as I drag it up, let it relax. And you wouldn't think it would work that good, but it did does. The other one is using those same loop straps, but you can use a long rope. It really doesn't matter. But start by pointing those thumbs in and rotate as you come up, also very painful. And it might make sense to do a hammer curl across your body, get less bicep activation. But I find that I feel you need better connection if I do a drag style pinwheel curl. So coming up and pulling out at the same time, that to me gets a better connection with that brachial radialis. Just looks dumb. Here is the exact workout that I will put in the small lap that you can download and do for free, just they'll be a link in the description. Don't worry, this time it's free, don't freak out. I would just like you to do it and grow. Good luck. Hey look, I got it. And it's glorious.

=== FILE: Want To Build MORE MUSCLE？ Do This After EVERY WORKOUT! [nIDcLewgt14].txt ===

Alright, today this video is just as much for you as it is for me because this is something I used to do in the past and kind of just fallen off. So let's call it what it is. This is an intervention. And since I've read some of the comments on the previous videos, it's pretty clear that most of you that have a history of substance abuse or some sort of excessive fornicating. So why not add another issue to your long list of character flaws? Let's get after it. So for a period of time when I was younger, I did DC training or dog crap training, which I didn't love. What I mean by that is I thought it sucked ass, which is unfortunate because it's a fun way to train. I've seen a lot of people get results from it, but my body just did not respond to it. But there is one principle that I thought is incredible that I took away from it and that's extreme stretching. And before you say what I click on this, I don't want to watch a video on stretching. I'm going to go back to masturbating, pause that tug and hear me out because if you do these correctly, not only can improve your posture and crease your flexibility, but it's also going to lead to more growth. And these are called extreme stretches for a reason. These are brutal. You're going to dread these more than any sick exercise that I can come up with. And this is where the intervention comes in because I'm sure you're just like me. I don't want to waste any time. I'm going to walk in the gym, destroy that muscle, and then amount. I want a small talk. I don't want to make any new friends and no. I don't want to sort of fight with you. Stop asking. But I promise if you start adding these in, you're going to see a jump in your results. And I'll show you three of my favorite at the end, but use whatever justification or analogy you need to to get yourself to start doing these like a flexible muscle is a big one. Or think of it as a way to put more stress on that muscle after you're done working out. Or my justification to start doing it again, which is basically I value my muscle connection over everything. You guys know that. That's why any moment, I'll bust out some weird random partial rep exercise because I connect with it more. But that only works because I can take that muscle through a full range of motion without any issues. There's no pain, there's no impingement. I'm not restricted by some weird muscle imbalance because if I was, that wouldn't be a partial rep, that just be shitty form. So I'm always constantly working at, or at least ensuring that I can go through a full range of motion and just choosing the part of it, I connect with most. The first one's a hanging stretch for your lads, but there's definitely a right way to do these because I've seen people just hop up and dangled there and just fight the pain until it looks like their shoulders about to explode. This isn't brave heart. Your lads should be engaged the entire time. If you get to the point, you feel like you're just hanging there, you've lost a stretch. Because to me, the best type of extreme stretch is one where that muscle slightly contracted and you're just fighting the stretch at the entire time. For this, I like to use straps because I don't want to think about my grip, but also why not make it a little bit more dangerous. And I usually use a dip belt to grab that dumbbell, but I messed up on a high one. Alright, next up, we got one of my favorite variations of the extreme chest stretch, which is simply just a press with moderately heavy weight. You're going to go down and hold the bottom, but the tweak I make is have my lower body hanging off the bottom of the bench. That way, it can change the angle and find that perfect stretch that's more chest and less anterior to tell. And this is a good time to note that you're not limited by certain stretches. If you have even a machine at your gym that you connect with more is a great stretch, do that instead. Alright, last but not least, my favorite quad stretch, which is absolutely the most painful, and there is no weight involved. This is just a horribly painful stretch at a weird angle, and it's not for everybody's knees. You might not be able to do it, but if you can, I guarantee I'll get some sort of hate mail from this one. Key here is not to focus on how high the bar is. You might want it a little bit higher, lower, just find what works the best for you, and either going to want to weigh it down like this or use a Smith machine to a little bit safer. If you liked that video, I suggest watching these two next, but most importantly, hit subscribe, make sure you hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: We Need To Fix THIS! [svETCaX8Dgo].txt ===

Have you ever wondered what ingredients in these over the top pre-workout formulas actually improve performance and which ones are wildly underdosed? Yeah, me too. And the more I looked into it, it's pretty clear that companies just throw as much crap into a tub as possible and then other companies say, oh, we better throw more crap into our tub, it gives a real human centipede vibe. One shits and the other one eats and then another one shits and eat. This question will help highlight the problem with every single one of those supplements. How much protein should you take in during the day? Your answer should be it depends on your body weight. And the research backing the effectiveness of each one of these ingredients is all based on body weight. So that means one or two scoops have to cover a 120 pound high school kid all the way up to a 240-ish husky meat. It doesn't work. On top of the fact that I think some of these companies are just sneaky bastards with their proprietary blends or hoping that you won't know the difference between a citroline and a citroline malate which we'll get into later. So let's break this down by category and start off by talking about stimulants. And I know everybody can't take a stem-based pre-workout. Myself included sometimes I train later in the day which sucks because out of everything we talk about today, these are responsible for the most significant improvements in performance. They're good. At this point, the FDA is taking some of the more unique stimulants off the market. The ones I would categorize as meth light. So unless you're going to Walgreens for your asthma medication, you're not going to find a federal anymore. Or you're willing to go on eBay and pay a small fortune for an old bottle of Jack 3D. You're not going to find a supplement with DMAA and it anymore. What are you doing? No. Shouldn't. All right, I'll take two scoops. All jokes aside, even though I have a soft spot for some of those hardcore ingredients because I grew up taking them, there's little evidence to back them up. A federal, for example, has been shown to have some benefit when paired with caffeine, but also significantly more adverse effects. Now, effective is caffeine. The research shows that it can improve muscular endurance by 6% to 7% and strength anywhere from 2 to 7%. And if that doesn't sound significant to you, that's because you bench 135. So if you increase your strength by 5%, that's only a little over 6 pounds. If you benched like an adult and you did 315, that's over 15 pounds. That's cool. This is where we get into the biggest issue with every single ingredient we're going to talk about today, which is a general dose versus the research backed guidelines. All the research points to the Ergo Genic Benefits, Fancy Weir of Saying Enhanceous Physical Performance of Caffeine, happen anywhere from 3 to 6 milligrams per kilogram. Or the way that everybody watches this video will understand it, 1.36 to 2.72 milligrams per pound. Here's a study on resistance-trained rods who were habitual caffeine users. And in spite of their high daily intake, acute doses of 3 milligrams per kilogram and 6 milligrams per kilogram all showed significant improvements in strength. That was just a highlight the fact that even a few abused caffeine on a daily basis when you take it pre-work out, it will have a positive effect. But also in that study, the higher dose led to more significant improvement in strength. So there is a dose response effect. I think the easiest way to understand caffeine is the bell curve you experience when you take it, starting out with a low dose, there is no effect. And then you see some improvement. And then there is a drastic change and then oh my god, my heart's going to explode and I ship myself. I was trying to come up with a simple and practical way for everybody to figure out their optimal dose of caffeine. I don't know, you add an eighth of a scoop of whatever pre-work out you're taking. The problem is some of these have proprietary blends. So who the fuck knows how much caffeine we're getting? On top of that, when they do list the dose, can we trust that these companies are actually putting that amount in there? Needless to say, I'm a little suspicious. So I tested a few. All of them passed the FDA requirements for accuracy on their label claims, which is a whole different conversation because they allow a 20% variance. But it did make me realize that if I'm going to incrementally increase my caffeine to find that optimal dose, it should be with a single ingredient caffeine supplement, not one of the other assholes over there. You're going to find that there are several different types of caffeine. Everything from natural to synthetic to ones that are bound to other molecules or patented versions that help slow the release. Which why would I want that? Why would I want to feel this three hours from now? What I've been doing, not a recommendation every few days, increasing the dose. I've been using caffeine and hydros, just means devoid of water, pure, simple effective fast acting. Currently I'm up to 420 milligrams, which isn't actually a lot. When you look at the recommendations based upon my weight, that is a lot. I should note that there are some people with the CYP1A2 genome type that when they ingest caffeine, not only with their performance, not improve, it will actually decline. The simple way to figure out if you're one of those rare unlucky bastards is if every time you drink coffee, you feel worse. If you want to be certain, you can buy one of these tests. One interesting ingredient I found in a lot of these pre-workouts was Theo Broming. Now by itself, it's trash. But when paired with caffeine, could have some benefits because it promotes phasodilation and we know caffeine can increase blood pressure as well as in high doses steal your pump. So it has some potential. But again, there's a downside. The higher doses can lead to negative effects on mood, which I don't need. I already don't like me. So I don't have a definitive statement on this yet. All I know is that the dose that they put in a lot of pre-workouts isn't an effective dose. So yeah, I'll let you know. The next set of ingredients we're going to talk about fall into the pump category. The primary ingredient you're going to find in most formulas is citrally. Back in the day, companies would use Arginine, tell the realized that 40 to 60% was metabolized in the gut. You had to take such a high dose to have any effect whatsoever, but that also pulled in water and electrolytes in your gut, which led you to play battleships for the next hour and a half instead of working out. Those were the days. The neat thing about citrally is it's a direct precursor to Arginine and there's very little degradation caused by the gut or the liver. So it's a great ingredient. But the question is how much are these companies fucking us? Sound for sure. Lucky for us, there's a study that looked at taking two, five, ten or fifteen grams of citrally. And the authors concluded 10 grams is probably appropriate dose because at 15 grams that the synthesis from citrally into Arginine wasn't proportional to those lower doses. So they think there might be a ceiling in terms of our bodies ability to convert. I did that. So many times I can't move. Here's where the butt comes in. Even though there was diminishing returns when you pushed above 10 grams, there's still ended up being more Arginine. On top of that, if you do the reverse math on these participants, they were all 150 pound child size men. So I've been adding 15 grams to my caffeine. And I'm going to continue to go up and tell something bad happens. I think the biggest aha moment I've been having with all of this is you realize there's only a few ingredients that make a difference. And most of them are underdosed. So when you remedy that with a few more ingredients I'll go over in a second, it's so much better than anything you could buy off a shelf. You just have to be really OCD and weird and take the time. But it's worth it. The last important point on citrline because I do think there is some fuckery going on in the industry. If you see sit mal or citrline malade, that is citrline bonded with malic acid. There are some benefits to malic acid. We're not going to get into that now. But if you wanted it in your formula, just put it in separately. I think Derek does this good job even though there's a couple of things that would change in his formula beside the point. The issue is it's either in a 2-1 or 1-1 ratio. The way this woke AF is a 2-1 ratio. And this broken arrow just says citrline malade so it's probably 1-1. That means if it's a 2-1 ratio, if there are 6 grams in there, that's 4 grams of citrline, 2 grams of malic acid. If it's 1-1, it's 3 grams, 3 grams. More of the story flip around your pre-workout. If it says citrline malade, that's the equivalent of your stepdad saying that you did great in tea ball today and then going upstairs and railing your mob. You're not getting that much citrline. The noss nitric oxide synthase pathway isn't the only way to increase nitric oxide. Your body can also take nitrates, convert them into nitrites and further reduce them into nitric oxide. There's a lot of work for a stupid shock. Beats like those beats are naturally high in nitrates. That's why you'll see a shitload of beetroot powder at your local supplement shop. And if you're wondering, yes, I've tried pairing beetroot with sodium bicarbonate and for one, it's the idea is the beetroot powder increases and I'll while the sodium bicarbonate mitigates acid build up. The bulk of the research points to more endurance benefits more than anything and when I took it, the only thing I noticed is I boop. The entire time. Also another problem with beetroot supplements is there's no way to know the amount of nitrates in there because that's dependent on everything from soil to variety of beats to harvesting time to et cetera, et cetera. That's why you see the patent ingredient NL3T pop up and all sorts of supplements nowadays and we should probably take a second to talk about patent ingredients because they kind of suck. Basically what happened, somebody came along and said, if you tried to pair any nitrate with a amino acid or really any other nutrient whatsoever, we're going to sue you. That's why you see patent informs of be-tang, creatine, and arginine nitrate. I just think it's crazy that you could put up a shitty website and then license charge these companies to use your ingredient. The problem is even if there's a company out there with good intentions and want to put the best ingredients in their product, not saying this is one of them because it's not. But if they did, there's so many patent ingredients that it just ends up costing too much. Of course, I tested it. I found a product with be-tain nitrate in there and happened to be actually a beetroot product that didn't taste like all the acids and unfortunately very little. You're going to see more of a benefit from increasing citrally than you will adding this. The good thing is it let me down the path to test be-tain and hydrists, which I'm here for it is neat. I'm currently testing the threshold of higher and higher doses above the five grams that most people put in it. I'll let you know if something bad happens, which more than likely would be in the form of a short where I'm stuck on the shitter of the entire time, but that's all I can do. Another underdosed ingredient and the reason I started down this rabbit hole because my TikTok algorithm went from ladies flashing you and had to stop at the right second to see a nipple of two guy selling liquid pump products with the biggest selling point being glycerol. Let me be clear, I'm team glycerol. I like it, just not the way that most people take it. All the research behind it is really about how you can hyper hydrate pre-exercise or rehydrate post-exercise, but with doses that you can't even buy off the shelf. You'd end up drinking half a bottle of some of these products. Most of the studies that prove its effectiveness range from 0.5 grams per kilogram all the way up to 1 gram per kilogram or even more. I went full highs and burglow on this one, started out with the model stereotype, which is a bad idea because you have to take four times as much to get the same amount of glycerol as a hundred percent glycerol and you have to heat it up to actually get it to mix and if you could get too much it turns into paint and then I moved on to some of the more popular products that are easier to take and worked my way all the way up to a gram per kilogram, which for me is over a hundred grams. Don't try that. The day I took it, it was humid outside and I was a sweaty mess. It looked like I was melting. Everybody was creeped out, it was not a great experience. Pump? It wasn't saying. Don't do that. You can throw off your electrolyte balance. It's too much. The one thing I can recommend though is if you do have one of these products, make sure you're getting at least 25 to 30 milliliters per gram of glycerol. It's meant to hydrate, not just, it'll just take two pumps in your mouth and go work out. That's not. It should be 60 to 90 minutes before you work out. For me personally, the sweet spot has been 50 grams. Again, too much for most people. In terms of the nitrophics and some of these pre-workouts, yes, they are underdosed. They don't hit the actual effect of dose of the ingredient, but I have a tough time with this category. Personally, I've tried everything from high doses of different kinds of co-leaning to whoopersine A, nothing really doesn't. Still a little dead inside. The only real thing that I've found that narrows my focus during my workout and makes me feel anything at all is two milligrams of nicotine gum. Usually I like to end these videos with some sort of practical device you can go do and try and actually implement. This one's kind of tough because in a perfect world, I would create a box of all the things I've tried and deemed to be effective and make them in single ingredient form with the research behind it and show all the doses that are possible based upon your weight, but that's not something I can do right now if ever. So if I were you, the first thing I would do is look at my pre-workout and see how much caffeine is in there. And see if there's room to slowly incrementally increase the dose. Because that out of everything, we'll give you the most bang for your buck. If there's citrillion in there, which there probably is, I would look at the dose. And my weight and see, maybe I can add some more. And if your is OCD in board is made, take the time to buy the single ingredient form of the ingredients in your pre-workout and try them based upon your body weight dose and you'll be surprised, it's way more effective. I think I'm down to five ingredients in my pre-workout. Once a electrolyte packet, so that's a shit load of ingredients, but you get the point. All at a higher than average dose, obviously. And if you didn't know, I've released an upper and lower garage version limited equipment. And if you have a band squat rack, dumbbells, you can do it at home. Otherwise, I have a full gym version. You can hurt yourself in public. As always, only 20 bucks, so get after it.

=== FILE: We need to talk.. [phkpPiMBrOQ].txt ===

Today is the day. I'm gonna tell you about that one time I almost died from masturbating. And if you're wondering what the hell this has to do with working out building muscle any of that? Just wait. Let me take you back. I was roughly nine years old when I figured out the mechanics of my penis before that point it was just a pissing joystick. So one weekend my parents flew me out to the beautiful land of Albuquerque to visit my 35 year old single ant who was addicted to painkillers and gambling. I mean the picture of her apartment a little bit so you know what we're dealing with. Have you ever seen that Z gallery store in them all? Where everything shiny and I'm not sure it looks like that store threw up everywhere and then she sprinkled a bunch of us magazines. Like in her bathroom was a tub like I've never seen before. For one it was clean. I grew up in a house where all the walls were painted yellow by marble reds and when you got into the shower even if you stood still there was so much grime and film that you would just rotate in place. Not only that it was fucking massive. I took one look at that tub and I knew today was the day. I was going to finally jerk off underwater. So then I proceeded to do what I thought was the adult thing to do and set the mood. Fancy it up a little bit and hopefully ease that cloud of shame that would surely follow what I was about to do to myself by pouring in some bath salts putting in some bubble baths. sprinkling in those weird little beads even at that age. I was no idiot. I knew I couldn't leave that bathroom smelling worse than I came in so I started out by washing my armpits, my ass, my feet. But I should have taken the fact that the bubbles had now turned into black clouds and the water had turned milky. Maybe that's a sign that I should turn back. But at this point in my life I was feeling pretty damn invincible. It was only a week prior that I realized I could stand on the top step, gracefully shouldn't in my hand and throw it over the fence so I didn't have to get out of the pool. I was on top of the world. And after 10 minutes of being crunched over, profusely sweating, I fucking did it. And it was underwhelming. So I just pushed it to the side and finished washing my hair and forgot about it. It wasn't until three days later. I came home from school with a horrible pain in my right side until I thought, maybe that idea, not my best. Next thing I know, I woke up in the hospital so high that I thought having a testicle, the size of a softball was a good thing. And I'm not exaggerating. It was so big that I had to wear a fucking sling around my neck to go around and cut my ball so when I stood up, it didn't rip off. At one point I was so out of it, the nurse was walking me around and I saw another guy and I said, hey, where's your thing? He gave me a weird, so I turned to the nurse and said, oh my god, was he not one of the chosen ones? Like I inherited a fucking superpower. Thinking back, I feel so fucking bad for that nurse. She had to walk me around all day because for some reason being upright, walking around, getting my blood moving, helped kill that bacteria that somehow infiltrated up my dick hole. And I made her keep a schedule. We had to do the rounds every night so I can go room to room to show off my new power. Sit your chair up, bath, bath, sit your bed up. It's time for your five o'clock viewing. You're not going to want to miss it. It's even more glorious today. And that's the whole story. Eventually the drugs were off, the medication worked and I went back to being a powerless nine year old. There really is no moral to the story other than maybe like a PSA, make sure you watch your kids round water. What does that have to do with billing muscle and working out? Absolutely nothing, but the new programs out, so get after it.

=== FILE: What ICE BATHS Do To Your MUSCLES! [IYni6AfrkAY].txt ===

All right, today we're going over why ice baths are an amazingly stupid beneficial waste of your life, probably slowing muscle growth, but also couldn't be making your life better. Let's get after it. Sheter was full. Now when the goal of your training is centered around hypertrophy or muscle growth and ice baths, probably not the most effective thing to do. In fact, they're pretty damn detrimental. There's actually an interesting study on this and I wanted to hate it and dismiss it because honestly, I didn't want it to be true, but I couldn't. What they did is had participants work out and then submerge one leg into room temperature water. The other one, they put into ice water and they had them drink a protein, carbohydrate, concoction. They measured their blood as well as did muscle fiber biopsies before and after on each leg and what they found was the one that was submerging ice water, had lower rates of muscle protein synthesis. Which makes you think, who signs up for this shit? I just hope they didn't a humane way. I like those studies they do on mice. Instead, I hope they did the right thing and just found a couple of crackheads off the street. And I think this is something we all just innately knew. The same reason you don't get in the habit of snorting anti-inflammatories after every time you train because you're inhibiting your body's ability to do its job. Now, does this mean you should shit can, cold plunges completely? Before you make that decision, you need to know that there's some serious benefits as well. You've heard the saying, brown fat is bad fat, which is true, especially when it's around your internal organs, but that's a lot more rare than you think and it's only found in extreme cases of obesity. It's seen more often in babies, grizzly bears and believe it or not, people with less body fat because it's loaded with mitochondria and it's responsible for dissipating heat as energy when we're cold or just simply put orming us up. But there's actually another kind of fat that's even more prevalent. It's the reason that the women I used to text in my 20s at two am to come over and do horrible things to me couldn't recognize my house in the light of day. Something I'm not proud of, I've changed them now pro-chubbies, but the reason I like creatures they had to navigate by the light of the moon is because they had an excessive amount of what's called white fat. And technically it's not white. It's actually this disgusting yellow hue. And the brown fat is what burns the white fat. The neat thing is even with your body's initial exposure to an ice bath, it'll cause some of the white fat in your body to take on properties of the brown fat, increasing thermogenesis and decreasing your body fat. Now I'm not going to bore you too much with the rest of the benefits, but just so you know it's definitely been shown to increase the rate of recovery when implemented between training bouts that are done in the same day. It's also been shown to have positive effects on depression because of its release of Nora adrenaline as well as other hormones and it can help you manage stress better because it helps you lower cortisol levels. And lastly if you have any sort of autoimmune disease, I would do some more research and seriously consider cold water therapy because of the anti-inflammatory effects. But honestly that's not why I do it. And not the reason I think you should do it as well. I think the biggest benefit is training your body to be comfortable with the uncomfortable. Now that I know I'll definitely stop doing it post work out and something I'll start my day with a few times a week, but forcing yourself into an uncomfortable situation, having to manage the stress will make you a better lifter and it's going to help you build because the reason that you quit on 99% of the sets you do is it because your body gave out. It's because your mind did. If you haven't checked out any of the programs I'll leak them below again in the 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. It's fucking cold. If you want to know the scientific way to train your legs, I watched this video. This one's another good one, but as always get after get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Why 99.9% of People Fail To Keep Making GAINS! [gXObda9Fpjw].txt ===

Alright, today I want to go over why 99.9% of people failed to consistently make gains. Let's get after it. It's a serious number. It's like I almost pulled it out of my. So if we had to illustrate your fitness journey and the progress you're making in the gym, it should look something like this. You're consistently making progress. And depending on your priority, that could either be strength gains, building muscle, getting leaner, and yeah, there's going to be plattoes. There's times when you're going to get like today's a goal in your training and half-asset. There's other times when your game game dies and your lose motivation or you meet the love of your life and she makes you fat. Or can you even look like this where you purposely take some time off, take a couple steps back, let your body rest. I know for instance, Matt Frazier after the CrossFit Games would take a month and become a big fat mass just because he thought it was too easy to train for when he was already in shape. But that's not how most people's journey looks. More often than not, it looks something like this. They'll start to make progress and then they'll end up skipping a few days of the gym and back track. And then they'll get re-inspired, even get further than they were before, going vacation, take a month off the gym. This right here, that's when you call in a dominoes, you don't have to say anything. They just say, oh, hey Kevin, you want the regular ends right there. They died. Heart failure. Or even worse, they peaked in high school, sharp decline, dad bought for life. And before you say, well, that's it right there. You've said the fix. People try to out crunch the shit diet. They're not consistent enough in the gym and they don't push themselves hard enough. But if you were that easy, everybody would have fixed it already. And they wouldn't be able to still hide it unsettling about M&M's in their belly button. Those are the symptoms. They're not the cause. To me, there's three main internal obstacles that keep people from being consistent. But once you take care of those, you'll never have to worry about it again. You'll always make progress. Number one uncertainty. More people fall from the gym and fill up on their kids' telegrams because they're not sure what they're doing is actually getting them results. But to me, this is the easiest one to fix. All you have to do is get some clarity in the things that could be holding you back and make sure they don't. One of those could be training. Then internal thought that always pops up is this dilatating, actually getting me results and truthfully it all works. The bros split, ppl, full body workouts. They're all going to work. The only caveat is if you push yourself hard enough. And that's why if you're doing my programs, you know, I try to kill you. And not because I'm trying to give you a mild case of wrapped on my analysis, which I've had before, but not from training in the gym. It's because I'm an asshole. I tried to do a half iron man without even training for it. I deserved it. It's because if you can check training off that list and know that you're pushing yourself hard enough in there. And that's not holding you back. It's one less thing to worry about. Some of your doubt could be coming from your diet. There's so many things you could be doing wrong. That's why I always say, at least make sure the majority of your calories is coming from protein. For me personally, it's at least 40%. That way, even if you screw up and you become a big fat mass, at least you're a muscular fat mass. The other point of uncertainty shows up a lot in my DMs. It has to do with genetics. A lot of people for some reason think they're doomed. And they have some weird Benjamin muscularity disease. And the more they train, the more they end up looking like a 12 year old. Truthfully, yeah, there's some people that have more than affinity to put on muscle than others. But the end of the day, everybody can grow. Now, there are some things that could be holding you back. That's why I always say, get your blood work done. See where your hormones are. See where your thyroid's doing. And then from there, you can see if you're holding yourself back. But obviously not from the Benjamin buttons. Make sure you rack your monsters. It's an absurd amount. So you can see why I think uncertainties and easy one to fix. Just push yourself hard enough, get enough protein in. Know that your genetics truly don't hold you back. And as long as you're internally not screwed up, you're going to make progress. But these next two, not as easy to fix. And they're highly related. So I'll put them together in that patience. And your ability to delay gratification. It's suck. And I can honestly say this is something I still struggle with. Because every time we go to the gap for kids and try to buy an extra small shirt, and they say, sorry sir, we don't have that in your size. But we could order it online. Have it sent to you. First thing I say is fuck you. There's no way I have the patience or I'm able to delay gratification. Even though I'm going to end up drying my balls off with this shirt, because I forget to take a towel with me and the bathroom to take a shower. I can't wait. But I think those two really are what separates most people from their goals. Because working out will test your patience. You're in the gym, you got a nice pump going, you look yourself. You're like, well, I look great. You wake up the next morning and think, holy hell, did I get smaller? And your ability to delay gratification and play the long game, especially with your diet is what's going to allow you to see the results. Because believe me, I'd love nothing more than my diet to just be captain crunched hookers. But I know what I would look like. So if you're not familiar with the story of how rocky was made, I think it's a beautiful and the illustrates patience and delaying gratification. Now, so the investors to the loan was dirt poured the time. You wrote rocky and he took it all these studios. Nobody would make it. Finally one said, okay, we'll give you a hundred thousand dollars, but you can't be in the movie. And he said, that's a deal breaker. I'm out. And they came back to him and said, okay, we'll give you 200,000. He said, am I in the movie? They said, nope. So don't get him. Still out. I have to star in this movie. It's about me. It's my movie. They said, no way. Finally came back. We'll give you a $300,000. Remember at the time, he was so poor that he couldn't feed himself. He actually had to sell his dog at the liquor store for 25 bucks, just to afford food. And they said, we'll give you 300,000. He said, if I'm not the star, I'm not doing it. Finally, he came back and said, okay, we'll give you a $35,000. There's a couple of points in the movie because we want you to take the risk with us. And yeah, asshole, you can star in the movie. That's the power of delaying gratification and being patient. So I know, eventually, he bought his dog back for 15 grand and a part in Rocky. It would be nice if there's something that could say to you that would help you fall through and those two things or some sort of hack I could give you. But truthfully, there's nothing. The only thing I do is keep this saying in the forefront of my mind that's keep your commitments to your commitments. Other than that, I could really only help you with training. I'll link that below. But at the end of the day, no one's coming for you.

=== FILE: Why EVERYONE Should LIFT WEIGHTS [bjp3yHf0ppc].txt ===

I'm a firm believer that everybody should lift weights. Not just do something active every day, like take a walk or find some physical activity you like. No, everyone needs to lift some damn weight because it'll change your life. Here's the problem. For years, every time somebody was struggling to get their dumpster fire of a body back on track would come up and ask me, you know, what should I do? I'd always give an answer along the lines of, well, there's a lot of different versions and variations of fitness out there. Just try them all. See what you gravitate towards and do that every day. Knowing full well that that's not the right answer and it's not gonna help them change your life because all those other forms of exercise, they fall short. You see, lifting physical weight gives the ability of face adversity and succeed on a daily basis. You get to test what you think is possible and ultimately come to the realization that you're always capable of more. Yeah. Yeah. If any idea how rare those opportunities are for somebody that doesn't lift, they're few and far between. Maybe in high school, they study really hard one night. Got to A on a test. Then five years later, with some liquid curses, they asked to eight and a half for a number and they got it. Then 10 years down the road, they worked really hard. Got a raise at their job. That's it. Three times. Yeah. And even more important than that, it teaches you how to fail. If there's one invaluable skill that I didn't have before that lifting really helped me cultivate and develop, it's letting go of that fear of failure and actually welcoming it. But what you come to realize is that the gym is just a beautiful little encapsulation of life and just like life, the more you want to face crushing defeats, the more you're going to grow. But make no mistake about it. Failure sucks. It is the sludger and slightly heavier friend of doubt. And if you let it, it'll keep you from reaching your goals. But if you learn to live with it and live with it, it's the ultimate teacher. And that's why never understood when people question pushing sets to failure because how is can you ensure you're not half-assing those sets? And even more than that, I think it's critical to face failure on a daily basis because it disarms it. My favorite quote is an undisciplined life isn't in the same life. And the only way to live to effectively and not just picture it up and put it down, but actually use those weights to mold and scope your body as it transforms is to live a disgustingly structured life. And this is the part you're going to face the most scrutiny and people will turn on you. They're going to say things like, it's not sustainable in live life like that or it's not healthy to be that obsessed with one thing. The moment that happens, I want you to take a step back and look at their life. Not just the way they look, the physical appearance, because I guarantee they look like a fucking potato, you know, everything. They're finances, their relationships, just their overall happiness and ask yourself, what I want their life. Now look back in history, people have achieved amazing things. That was one thing in common. They lived incredibly structured and obsessive lives. Because you could stumble upon an average life, but you've got to eliminate a lot of bullshit and have a very detailed plan to have a great one. Lifting forces at skill on you. And I know that people that watch this channel are a different breed. So if you haven't, somebody come up and ask you how to unfuck their life, don't worry, you will. Just do me a favor. Let's start telling them the truth. They need to lift some damn weights. And before they give you an excuse, like, you know, I don't like working out of the gym, stop them right there and say, I don't care if you don't like it. In fact, if you do it right, you're not going to. Programs linked below, get after it.

=== FILE: Why Follow Along Ab Workouts Are A WASTE OF TIME! [CjVm2c9Ke3Y].txt ===

I guarantee you've done one of those fall-long ab workouts or found one of your mom's old Suzanne Summers VHS tapes and did crunches for a half an hour and let me guess. Nothing happened. That's because those suck and there's a better way. Let me explain. Now, those videos fall short for a couple reasons. One of which we innately know. It's because abs are made in the kitchen and more specifically in your case, they're made when you don't go to the bar, get drunk, strike out, end of an in and out burger with a food baby, end up tear your eye and tugging yourself to sleep. The bigger issue I have with them is that they make you think you should be doing 75 different exercises to get a good ab workout, everything from cistering to one that if your mom walked in, she'd think you're trying to suck your own dick. But the truth is, you should treat them like every other body part and find exercises you connect with and push yourself on them. One of my favorite ways to train abs is to give myself limitations. Like, if I only had two sets in the entire week to dedicate to them, how grueling could I make those sets? And I'm sure just hearing that your gut reaction was that's ridiculous. But we already know that you getting a six pack, it's gonna be more based on the fact that you stop deep-throwing cookies than whatever you're doing here. Anyin reality, all we're trying to do in here is make those abs more pronounced and ask yourself. If you're looking at somebody who's in shape and thought, you know what, their abs are a little bit underdeveloped. And if you have, you're just a jealous asshole. A great one is grabbing some straps and finding a pull-up bar and doing hanging knee raises to some ridiculously high number, like 50 or 100 reps and don't worry, you're not gonna get there all the month shot. So you have to hang there until you do. Or you grab the black balls and do rope crunches like an adult, which means you put the heaviest possible weight and give for 20 reps. And then you start dropping until your abs cramp up. Or grab an exercise ball and do pipes. And then once those failed, you need to chest and pick some unfathable number, like 100 reps. And you have to sit there and hold yourself up. So either you're gonna get there or you fall and smash your face. So can you watch and do a fall-long ab workout? One of those seven-minute abs and get results? Probably, but it's just a less efficient way to train. You already know you can't out crunch a shit guy. If you do need help with the more efficient way to train those abs, I'll leave a link to the programs in the description, especially the PPL1. Again, they're all 30 days and they're only 20 bucks to cheap bastard. Did I ever tell you the story about the time my left testicle got so big, I had to wear a sling. So I didn't fucking rip off. Probably not. No fucking way. And it's sealed. Bung of steel. Bung of steel too. Bung of steel three. Abs of steel too. I'm getting it.

=== FILE: Why I Built MORE MUSCLE From ＂LIGHT WEIGHT＂ [yOuUaYO5G5s].txt ===

Now before you say this guy's full of shit, I progressively overloaded. I think he's the way to go. I'm not here to argue with you. If it works for you, keep doing it. Just for me, never worked that well. So if you're watching this, you feel like your bus to your ass, but you're not getting the results you want, and you're focused on what I would deem the wrong thing, which is how much weight you can lift. It's not going to work for you either. Because I've had so many comments, let me go in a little bit more detail because it's more than just lightning in the weight. And if you are somebody who progresses you overloaded, you have a body part that's lacking. I guarantee if you do what I'm about to tell you, it's going to grow. And by the end of this video, if you still disagree, just leave your address and your favorite color. I'll have a bag of dicks in out to you by this weekend. Let's first talk about how most people progress to the sets of an exercise, which you're standing down by a curl for example. Then walk to the rack, do an easier set, and then go, okay, I'm going to go up. There you go up. I'm getting a little tougher. Maybe they go up again. Let me go off. That's too heavy. I need to keep that same weight. You drop back down, and that's their exercise. To me, that's all wrong. I think a better way to look at is after that first set instead of just unconsciously thinking, okay, I need to add more weight. Instead, just think of how can I connect this exercise better? Or how do I make sure that this is the best exercise for me to do? By all means, if you have an incredible connection to just regular curls, add more weight and blow up those biceps, you shouldn't have a problem. But it's still thing it's a good idea to always test different angles, tempo, mechanical disadvantages, range of motion. Because you never know what you're going to connect with that day. And for me, connection is everything. That's why I never understand why some people say, why can't you just do regular exercises, why you start reinvent the wheel? Same reason you don't use those waterbed style dumbbells or the plastic ones with the concrete on the inside when you drop it at cracks and half. Because they f***ing suck. There's a better way. Also, this is a long-term play because you can't lift heavy for years. It's only a matter of time before something gives out. And I know about you, but when I squat heavy, I'm done. My central nervous system is just cast. I feel like I spent half the morning gym, my prick in a light socket, and all I want to do is sleep and eat after that. I think when it came down to for me is when I let my ego go, as well as some of those old and grain beliefs that my got from old high school coach that were way too short of shorts, things like you're going to grow the most from compound lifts. I don't think that's the case. I think it just comes down to whatever stimulates that muscle the most. If you can do it with a compound lift, great. But I'm still going to argue that you're going to get more of tweaking the form and tweaking the exercise than just stacking on more weight. Because once you lose the ability to purposely engage the muscle you're trying to work, because you're obviously trying to get that fucking weight off your back, the benefit of adding weight doesn't not weigh the loss of control. Let me give you a check list of all of first at any point during an exercise. If you lose the connection or you start to feel other muscles jump in more than the one you're trying to work, you've gone too heavy. Second, always test. See when you really connect with that day because you only go here to kick your own ass. So whatever works the best, that's what you should do. Finally, collapse time. The person that just hammers out their sets gets more time under tension, more total sets, more exercises. It's going to grow a lot more than the person just sitting there waiting for their rest period because we're going to add a little bit more weight. If you liked this video, who's willing to want a heavy verse of light weight, also another one of my favorites, most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. Thank you.

=== FILE: Why Most People Are Training ABS WRONG! (BULLETPROOF CORE) Science Explained! [mKUFh_DvDRo].txt ===

Everyone wants their abs as peeled as possible. And we all know they're made in the kitchen. But we can target those superficial layers so that even wore a little husky, they still show through. On top of that, up until recently, I would have taken a literal, on an isometric exercise like this one. But after entering my back, picking up my handicap dog, I completely changed the way I trained all my core muscles. I ended up going through all the major muscles of the core, everything from the QL to the so-as to the transversus of dominance. And I figured out the optimal progression from stupid exercises that you only really do when you're hurt to true ass kickers that allow us to strengthen the muscles that we often neglect. So today, not only are we going over how to get those aesthetically pleasing abs, but we're gonna also go over how to strengthen those core muscles so you never injure yourself again. Unless you break your neck, trying to blow yourself, but that, at least isn't worthy endeavor. Now, some people will argue that all your core really needs are compound exercises that require abdominal bracing while you're loading the spine. And this is something I personally bought into for a long time. But the problem is that only really covers the sagital plane. And most of the time, when you injure yourself to the point it feels like your spine's poking out like a turtle head, it's usually because you're reaching down twisting in the transverse plane, or you're lifting something up and slightly off in the frontal plane. On top of the fact that a lot of these muscles can be strengthened a lot faster just by programming exercises that actually target them. Also, if bracing was all you really needed, then all of the two AM violent talkable shifts you've taken over your life, but it made your back unbreakable by now. It has not. Maybe your old ring is, but not your. When it comes to training your rectus abdominis, the six pack, nothing beats dynamic, flexion, and extension movements, which have been proven safe for anyone without a pre-existing disc injury. Old, charnation, rupture, smushed. I'd also argue that even if you have any of those, and you wanna grow your rectus abdominis, your goal should be to build up to a point you can do movements of flexion with limited extension. Almost think of it like flexion, and then a controlled return from flexion. And I'm sure even here, Nat makes your butt whole pucker. But the important thing to understand is that, even though the discarnation is what ruined your life, long-term low back pain, and chronically re-injuring it is more related to decreases in cross-sectional area of one or both stabilizing muscles like the multifidus and loss of neuromuscular control. It's the reason that you could be doing fine, and then all of a sudden one day you sneeze and almost die. I never know what to do with my hands. So by regaining the CSA, neuromuscular control and strengthening those muscles, the herniation will still be there, but you'll be able to regain function and do things that you need to think possible. There are people that have gone from full herniation, can't move, hate their life to deadlifting again. Not saying that should be your goal, but it should give you some hope that way you don't just one day walk into traffic. Now the question is, can you target your upper versus your lower abs? Even though the rectus abdominis is just one long muscle with segmented muscle balance. The answer is probably, because they've seen this in a high level tennis players where they end up with more regional hip hurts feeding the distal end of their non-dominant side, which sounds weird, but when they serve, they stretch back, contract into it, it makes sense, and yes, f**k you, I'm left handed. So it makes sense to program an upper and lower abs, exercise. The rectus abdominis actually has a very limited range of motion. Most people don't realize this and opt for full setups, which actually target more external bleaks than anything else. So you missed. If we want to target the upper abs more, we need to keep the pelvis stationary and tilt the thorax more. We want to hit the lower abs, thorax stationary pelvis tilts. It looks like a real creep. That means an exercise like the cable crunch is a great option for targeting those upper abs, but not the way that most people do it. Like I said before, the rectus abdominis has a very limited range of motion. So when you see people crunch all the way down to the point they're staring at their own starfish, that means either brought in help from hip flexion, which now we're targeting lower abs as well, or their oblique. So what's actually happening is you're going from a dynamic contraction into an isometric hole. And again, isometrics aren't bad, but in terms of hypertrophy, dynamic contractions are always better. So instead of spending three quarters of the movement, just bracing short and range of motion and focus on slight flexion and extension. My favorite progression is a modified reverse setup, because as much as I love cable crunches, sometimes the stacks just suck, and you can do the entire thing for 30 reps. Which again, hypertrophy will happen at 30 reps, but why not find an exercise that kicks your ass so much you can barely get 10. For me, that's this one. The key here is to limit any pelvic movement, keeping those hips flexed at 90, driving the contraction and the flexion to happen right at those upper abs. Which makes it a lot safer for anybody that has a pre-existing lumbar injury, because I've seen people. Oh no. When it comes to lower abs, it really just depends on how screwed up you are, because if you're Mr. Glass, then you're going to want to stick to a seemingly boring and stupid exercise like toe touches. Tits! It allows you to maintain a connection with your back and the floor, so nothing bad happened. And, even if you're not injured, you do enough of them, it doesn't feel great. And, since our goal when targeting those lower abs is that dry-humping pelvis movement, the most optimal exercise is a back-supported hangancing leg raise. And the key here is to focus on exaggerating that posterior pelvic tilts. I'd also add control to negative, because now we're getting a more penetration movement for some people, so you might want to get your mom to sign your permission somewhat. Now let's get into some of the more neglected core muscles. One of those being the Iliossoa's group, which is made up of the soas and Iliakis. And problems with these can present themselves in several ways. Interior pelvic tilt is often linked to these muscles being chronically shortened. Or if you have trouble getting into a deep squat, these are the two hip lectures that have the largest hip flexion moment arm past 90 degrees. So if you feel like you put that bar in your back and you can't get down all the way unless you put two plates on there, this could be what? There's no real progression here. There's just one exercise that rules them all. It's as soas sit up where you position yourself on the edge of the bench throw your foot under heavy as dumbbell grab the opposite knee and slowly stretch further and further back. The deepest muscle that almost knock me out is the quadratus laborum, the QL. As I went to pick up Chuck, I was slightly tilted and it was awful. It's one that I'll never neglect again because it's actually very simple and easy to target. You can either start your workouts with an exercise like these butt walks blocking forward and backwards or the more advanced version on the hyper extension, where you split your stance and that lead leg is the one on your working side. Two quick notes. First, make sure all the movement isn't coming from your upper back. We're not training oblique, so I like to think about it as lengthening at the hip. The second thing is I want you to progress slowly. Try the U focus on getting more depth in a controlled manner with no weight, then try to overload this movement. Eventually you can work up to holding some weight, but we're not there yet. Speaking of obliques, I know a lot of people don't like to train them because they don't want to thicker weights. And the truth is, yeah, that's, that's going to happen. Even isometric holds, which happens showing to induce an insignificant amount of hip hurtsfe in the external obliques. Absolutely induce hip hurtsfe in a significant way in the internal oblique and transverses abdominis. So, too bad? My two cents. If you neglect or avoid those lateral abdominal muscles, it'll eventually lead to injury. They call them the core muscles for a reason, because they all depend on one another to function properly. So if one sucks, your life sucks. And honestly, I just don't give a shit. I'm going to get it as thick and strong as possible. A good beginner exercise is throwing something between your legs, squeezing the shit out of it, engaging your core. Raising those abdominals, lifting those shoulders slightly off the ground, and then taking turns reaching a little bit higher with each hand, creating a slight twist each time. The advanced progression for this one is really any twisting movement you want to pull out of your ass, because this bodybuilder is we never work in the transverse plane, so anything you do is going to be hard. My go-to is a little weird, but it'll make sense after you try it. You're going to grab the cable and cut the movement half. This will force you to control it, but also allow you to progressively overload and get stronger fast. As you twist, you're going to feel those lateral abdominal wall muscles working, but just as important, you're going to feel that multipitous on the opposite side engaged, and it will feel weird, awkward, violating, but good. Because it's a muscle that you probably have never trained. Here's the complete workout, sets, reps, there is no rest time, but abs are a little bit easier. If you can only get two reps, you probably shouldn't have gone yet. I should mention on the days I'm not training abs, I'll start the workout with two isometric exercises. The first one being banded burd dogs, just get enough tension on that band, or you have to contract everything from your transversal subdominus to your tank. The other one is my DIY Unsteady Bridge, which I just throw my heels in a TRX, and engage my core for 30 seconds at a time a few times. Both have been linked to decreasing low back pain. I don't currently have low back pain, but I just don't want it ever again. Never. And as always, all the programs are linked below. They're all only 20 bucks, so get after it, get grown.

=== FILE: Why You STILL Don't Have 6 PACK ABS [OndujW91jjI].txt ===

I think we're at that point in a relationship that we need to have the talk. At the birds in the bees, the last thing I need is for you to figure out to use that thing. We got enough people in my life that are popping out kids right now. Apparently when you tell people to stay home, you have to teach them how to use it. They'll poke around until they figure it out. I'm talking about a completely different conversation. I'm going to call it the muffin talk. So I'm sitting down thinking today, how do I package up the insights I've had about my own behavior in a way that you can then take and use to help further your journey? Because I love doing this. I say dirty things on camera, share a little knowledge, but at the end of the day, I know the level which I'm able to do this at is directly related to how many people I can help because here's the truth. We're in this together. And we all share the same struggles. I'd love to tell you that being on camera every week, and knowing a bunch of wonderful people with very judge-y eyes, you're going to see me. It's going to help me make better decisions or that don't just taste as good anymore, but that's not the truth. And in fact, in some weird sick way, it actually tastes better. But anybody who's spent years working on transform their body knows that this process ever flows. Sometimes it's easy. You can face every obstacle and it doesn't face you. You get people in your life die, your spouse can leave you. Something can walk up and offer you free cake and you just slap out of their hands, say, not today. But other times, you're looking for a reason to jump off your plan. Anything goes wrong in your day and you're out. If you fart wrong, then you start to get in your own head and think, how do I get it? Hold. That wasn't as loud and as vibrant as when I was young. I'm going to spend the rest of my night eating myself into a coma. So what's the difference? Why is it that sometimes so easy? It's like breathing. You look back and think, God, why was I such a chubby mess? This is simple. And other times it seems insurmountable. You're sitting there thinking, just take my left foot now because I know eventually, I'm going to get the diabetes. The aha moment for me and the thing that's made the biggest difference recently is when I made it bigger than just myself. Specifically about this channel when I think, okay, a lot of people will watch this. Just want to get big. But there's a huge group of people that don't watch this channel that just want to be ripped. So why not take care of both? Just be as big as ripped as possible. So I got the Husky part figured out. I can get big where a medium Husky sure all the time. Now work on getting leaner. It's not about myself anymore. When I'm doing it for other people, it's easy. And you can absolutely use this thought process in your life, whether it's your kids, your spouse, or maybe your single and you're looking for the love of your life and that's your motivation or the love of your life just left you and you want revenge. Perfectly acceptable. What you can't do is use yourself as motivation and say, I'm just doing this for me because I want to feel good because that same person that you is going to be the one whispering you later at night saying, hey, I'm hungry. Let's go to Taco Bell. Then here's the most amazing part. Once you're figured out your reason, the major decision, it's pretty much done. Then all you have to do is prove it to yourself over 24 hours. Yeah, true habit takes 60 days to ingrain, but in my experience, if you can figure out a routine over those 24 hours, you actually enjoy and you take it day by day, your golden. For instance, I'm sure you've had someone in your life that had a horrible bad habit that could never kick it, like smoking until one day they just stopped and they never turned back. Whether it was their kid that came up to him and said, Dad, I don't want you to die and they thought, I got to quit today's my last day. Or the opposite, as their kids were growing up, they thought, holy shit, they're little pricks. And when I get older, if I break a hip, I'm going to write into a home. So I got to clean up my act. And I know I've said this before, but for anybody who hasn't been able to get back on the right track, the best advice I can give is build your plan with limitations, whether they're actual or self-imposed, it doesn't matter. It'll work. And I actually don't know if I've shared this before. So I'll leave a link in the description to a TED talk that makes you realize that our drive and creativity is directly related to how limited we are. And that concludes our muffin talk. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you watch these two next, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Why You're NOT Building Muscle AND Losing Fat CONSISTENTLY [MP-uKqkRfK8].txt ===

Today, I want to break you through that plateau because when it comes to consistently building muscle or dropping body fat, it really comes down to four things and they work in conjunction. You get them right, you're golden, you mess up even one, you're screwing yourself. And as fun as that sounds, it's overrated. Let's get after it. So when I sit down with somebody who's trying to get that Instagram more of the body and just get all of the double taps and they just don't feel like they're getting the results they deserve, first thing I try to extract is how consistent they actually are because you can have a phenomenal diet and incredible training program. But if you're at home dryhump and the couch taking a bag of Doritos to the face, don't expect to change. May sound simple, but if you want to continually make progress, you've got to be consistent on your diet, training and everything in between. The inability to follow consistent diet and training program, usually stems from two things. For the beginner, in consistency comes from uncertainty. If you knew for a fact by following your plan, it'd just be a matter of time before you achieved the exact look you wanted, you would always hit the gym when you're supposed to. You never miss a meal, but that's not the way things work. The reality is you have to let your frustration go and disconnect because this is a game of trial and error. Once you find what works for you, you're going to make minor adjustments, really squeeze out every last little bit of results. My advice is to pretend like you're going to plan for somebody else and notice how easy it is to give them sound advice. Stop making excuses, train hard, stop eating like an asshole, and once you have a clear plan for them, take your own fucking advice. It'll work. For the person who's seen results in the past, somewhere along the way, your priorities got messed up and you said it was more important to do dirty things to bag of chips, then it was a consistently-severance. And it's funny how that always seems to coincide with someone being a happy, loving relationship. So, doing me a favor, and I, when you're sitting next to your husband or wife, want you to turn to him and say, honey, I love you. But you're fucked with me and give them no explanation whatsoever. It's understandable because it's complex and amazing, instruments are, we're pretty basic in our behaviors. You found your sex partner, so there's no need to peacock anymore. Basically, you just tuck it between your legs until she lets you use it again. And what I would say to that is how quickly you forget how good you used to feel, and how worth it is to make yourself a priority because remember, you didn't always have to roll your huskies out of bed. You used to be able to just sit up. I promise, if you start putting yourself first, even your relationship will get better because of it. The next thing I try to pull from people is, how's our diet? Because for me, that's what it's all about. Your diet is the captain of your chubby ass ship. And if you want to consistently get results, lock it down that diet is the key. Now before you say, I don't know what to eat or where to start, you remember that shitty volcano you made for a fifth grade science project? That's you. Your goal is to become the volcano that Timmy's dad made, who just so happens to make miniature fucking volcanoes for living. This is an experimental process. We need to build out a plan you think is going to work and do it consistently. After three to four days, check in on your progress and adjust. Now the key, though, is, makes you build a plan you can actually stick to. And the reason I don't say, hey, try x-dye, you're going to give results is because everybody's so different with training. I've never had some of you not grow from doing high reps, high volume and just destroying themselves. But with diet, there's certain diets that people will just not respond to because there's so many other things to consider. You're dealing with trying to maintain some of these blood sugar levels. You got their homeowner's response to the actual diet. And he actually have to give them a diet that are going to not screw up. If you want me to go over what I'm currently doing, I'll do another video because it's a bit out there. The next thing I want to understand is how hard some of these actually pushing themselves in the gym. And we touched upon this a little bit in the last video, which I'll link at the top and at the end of this video because there's a huge difference between just walking into the gym to check the box and going in there and intentionally trying to hurt yourself in a good way. A clear way to state this is when the last time you're training affected your day-to-day life. And I'm not just talking about legs either. Although one time after I train legs, it was in the grocery store walking and they just both gave out. And I'm not just talking about you can take a knee and pretend like your time or shoes. I'm talking about both them at the same time. Went straight back, fell in the ground, hit my head, a lady runs up. I sure are your okay to you need help. Very proudly. I did this to myself. I'm talking about for every single muscle group. So if you're trying to ask you to go play darts and you happen to train triceps that day, I'm going to pass because I don't want to put everybody else's life in danger. And I've heard a lot of people use to saying train harder than the last time. And I think that's good, but we can add some scarcity to it. And just say train, like it's your fucking last time. The last thing I try to uncover, sometimes the most important is how much they're bolstering themselves. And this is a easy one to figure out. Just ask them qualifying questions. Like what was your diet yesterday? And what do you think your body fat percentage is? And inevitably with men, it's always like, you know, I've been kind of getting off track last couple of weeks. I'm probably about 10 to 11%. And let's write before we set down. You went to Costco and stole every single one of their fucking muffins. I hate to break it to you. You're not 10%. The good news is though, it's easy to call it your own bullshit because you can't argue with facts where your screw yourself is not knowing exactly where you are. Now I know if you avoid these four things, you'll be able to consistently get results and stop assaulting your couch. Here's a link to that like video I talked about as well as none of my favorites. Make sure you subscribe and hit the notification bell. As always, let me know it video one next and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Why Your Arms Aren't Growing (GUARANTEED FIX!) [J4JAZjRMH48].txt ===

Oh no, my arms won't grow. So recently, my arms have been getting incredibly sore to the point where even if I want to look like less of a douchebag, I can't because I can't straighten my arms, which is a big deal if you've been training for a long time. You know, it's tough to get that debilitating soreness like you got when you first started. So today I'm going to show you three sets. You can do that are guaranteed to get those arms to grow, but let me warn you. There's levels to this. It starts at I'm too young to die. Goes all the way to nightmare. So ease into it or your arms will fall off. The best part about making a program is that I get a group of people I get to experiment on. The only thing I could relate it to is when your kid you went to Chuck E. Cheese, you grab that hammer and you beat the hell of those alligators. I'm living my dream. But as you get a little older and wiser, you realize if you just line up all your friends and simultaneously smash those plasticators, you went all the tickets. Is weird as it might sound. That's exactly what giants that are for arms. And I knew I was on the right track when I put the first one of those in the program and people would make in these long paragraph posts to one word answers like, ow, or they would talk in code and they would just have a bicep flexing fire, shiddemoji. But I quickly realized there's ways to make giant sets which are already disgustingly hard, even worse, but it's all about the way you set them up. The way that most people set up their giant sets, the I'm too young to die is they'll have a mixture of bicep and tricep exercises. Either two super sets back to back or two compound sets, bicep bicep, tricep, tricep, tricep, tricep. And if you're not used to train with this much volume, you're going to get results. Either the point you're going to be barting with your wife, okay, I'll buy you whatever you want. If for the next two days, you wipe my ass. What's the normal level on doom? Is it something perverted? Like hurt me. hurt me, please, or whatever. The next evolution of that is narrowing your focus down to just one. Because even though you got to hit two bicep exercises in that first example, you're not able to hit every facet of them. But when you dedicate all four exercises, you can destroy that brachialis, your long head, your short head, and one more exercise for good measure. But they're in lies of problem. Because that first set through, you're going to be doing great. Feeling good about yourself, probably using a significant amount of weight. But by that fourth set, you're not going to even need weight. You're going to try to cut some farts in your palms just to see if it makes your hands lighter. Which brings us to nightmare level? And this not only fixes the issue running to with those focused giant sets, but also is more difficult. And we'll cut your workout time and half. So I promise you give this a really good click-bady title like how to get bigger arms and half the timer. Stop cupping your farts and do this instead. I'll figure that out later. But what you're going to do is set up two focused giant sets. One for biceps, one for triceps. And normally you'd be resting after that first giant set. You're not going to. You're going to go right into that tricep giant set, back and forth. And you'll have more pain in your biceps and triceps than you ever had in your entire life. And if you ever asked yourself, can I really get a good arm workout in in 15 minutes? No. I'm going to tap out way before then. So if you realize you need that kind of abuse in your life, I'll leave the link to the full gym program and the garage home below. If you haven't seen these two videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. Out.

=== FILE: Why Your Biceps AREN'T GROWING (This Will Help!) [ImYG0AZgSfs].txt ===

Alright, today we're in my set. Now, if you feel like you get a plateau, you're not getting the results you want, could be that you're just training too heavy. It could also be that you just rest too long between sets, you're creeping on somebody in Instagram, or could be you doing the same workout, Dan and day out, and now while that does work, primary one into is after a while you start going through the motions and you end up half-hassing your workout. That's why every time I go to gym, I do something completely different every time. A few exercises that might be the same, but the way I perform them is completely different. So, today we're going to set up shop on the cables, go through some different stuff, maybe even throw a little forearms at the end. So, if you're ready, let's get out. First thing I'm going to do is steal some sweet old ladies' bench. All we're starting out with single arm cable preacher curls. Now, how does this compare to the dumbbell version? It really doesn't. This is a more effective way of doing it. You just be going to be that guy who's going to drag the bench all the way over here, and be obnoxious about it. Because you know the damn thing, he's going to squeak the whole way. Although there's always somebody that comments on the arm video saying, there's no way you can grow from just cables alone, which to me is absurd. It's like they think their body's going to grab that handle, it's attached to a cable and say, nope, not growing from that. Even though because of that constant tension, it's easier to create a mind muscle connection, which to me is just a better way to train arms overall, but some people are idiots. Truly, your body only knows one thing. How much something sucks? And these suck more. So, I'm starting out with a regular single hand on attachment on here, but the one thing I like to do to make sure I keep that shoulder out of it is like to open up that chest, lean back against it. That way, it's all my bicep working and I can't rock back and forth with it. Now, because of how much I exaggerated opening up that chest and shoulder in the last exercise, I was able to put more stress on that short head. Now, we're to shift that stress over the long head and the break-yoss by switching over to a rope attachment. Now, because we're using the rope, you could put very low thawing in these, do a hammer curl, get the job done. But because of an intense hole, an intense, I get to really tell a supporting muscle to f off. I will. And in this case, is that short head. So, what we can do is actually turn into the movement. And it really recreates that same feel you get when you actually have a close grip easy bar, and you're just wrapping it out, and you're really pinching off that short head and hitting that long hand, the break-yoss. We're doing that same thing here, lean into the bench, and it really just isolates and hits it that much more. All right, next up we're going to classic one of my favorites for pushing an unbearable amount of blood in this bicep, which is lying back in the bench, and using an easy bar attachment. Now, just sure you know, you can do these on the CD cable row. You can also do these landly ground, but that one's a little bit sketchy to me, because although I've been in the gym for years, and I've never seen something get tee bagged, I don't want to be the first. A couple of things in here, first, you want to tuck those elbows in and keep them on top of your stomach. That way, it turns your body into a giant arm blaster, and then from there, it's just tucking that chin in and driving that lower back into the pad, because if you don't do that, there's too much of a stress and puts that bicep in a compromised position, because you're stretching too far forward when you go all the way down. So, you tuck a little bit forward, it turns around your motion a little bit, keeps the little bit safer, and then you just rep it out. Alright, let's finish up by hitting those forearms. Now, my experience to respond best to a relentless attack. So, I'm going to set up a superset, or I'm going to jump back and forth between exercises that hit the extensor and flex your muscles. So, as always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video on next, and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Why Your Chest Isn't Growing (NOT WHY YOU THINK!) [0uln6lIO2dY].txt ===

All right, today we're going over exactly why your chest isn't growing and I got some bad news. I fucked up. And this is really disappointing because I've had a horrible chest my entire life. I've been for the first time. I've been seeing some serious results. I was excited to share with you exactly how I've been able to do it. Honestly, I had no idea how I was gonna film this video. Until one night, I was minding my own business, driving around at 2am and then I sought. A person with the most developed chest, I had ever seen. Luckily, they've agreed to help me out for 20 bucks. A quick recap for anybody who isn't familiar with how the chest muscle works. We're gonna put that red. Did that? Did you? It was in my ass. The part of your chest that originates on the Calvacur head will cause your arm to raise based upon the orientation of those fibers. The part that originates on the sternal cost on the abdominals will actually force your arm back down. This is where people make a huge mistake. They learn how those fibers run and they think okay I'll do a decline movement, some in-cline and then I'll be good. But the problem is I guarantee you've done that and you've seen little to no results. The answer is a little more complex. Can I take my clothes off now? Cut? No. Why would you even? That's horrible. How would you say that? What about these? All out. The first thing you're gonna do is for the next four weeks. Every time you train chest, you're only gonna do exercises, you're able to do you know, and you're not allowed to do that. Why is that? Think about it this way. If you've ever done Ben Overdum Bell Rose, I'm sure you walked away and you were fairly torn up. Maybe even shit out your spine. But when you put that up against a one arm row, it's not even a fair comparison. The amount you can force that lat to stretch and exaggerate the contraction is just not something you can get with bilateral work. The same exact thing applies to your chest training. When you're doing a traditional cable fly, it becomes immediately apparent that you can only stretch as far as those bound up post to your muscles will let you. And you can only contract your midline. Sure, you can cross those hands, but I'm too OCD for that. And if you're gonna bounce between which hands on top and when someone's below, you might as well stay home, put on your headband and watch a Suzanne Summer's VHS workout because you look fucking ridiculous. When you're focusing on one side at a time, not only can you make sure that shoulder isn't tilting forward, allowing that anterior delta dominate the moment, but you can also exaggerate the stretch by turning away from the machine as you go into the negative. Now, obviously this is great for any sort of cable fly or even machine fly, but it's also really useful for presses because allows you to take time and figure out what path gives you a better contraction. For me, setting up a steep incline and drive my elbow in as I contract up, allows me to connect with and really engage those fibers that are closest to my sternum, even better than I can with a regular coffin press. The next thing you gotta do is stop thinking about chest movements being so linear. Most people think I gotta hit lower chest, I'm gonna press down. I gotta hit upper, I gotta aim up. But as you've clearly seen from the lady at the night we hadn't here earlier, that all those fibers and circle those big ol' bags of sand and connect back at the humorous. Start thinking about the orientation of those fibers as potential different paths or angles you can contract on, which when you choose, will determine which fibers are most stressed. One of my favorite ways to start chest days by pre-existing those inner fibers. And you could do this with a band or really lightweight on cables. You're gonna just face away, flex across your body to hit the upper, most fibers that are attached to that sternum and then you drive that contraction all the way down your sternum, flexing the rest of those fibers that make up your cleavage. Lastly, if you're having trouble connecting with your chest, meaning that at least one of the exercises you do, you fill it all on your doubts. Then I would start to work out by hitting one exercise for your posterior doubts. That will, at the very least, pull those shoulders back and put them in the best possible position that you're capable of being in. Unless you're one of those 18 year old butt babies whose shoulders are so far rolled forward because they flex or lats all day. If that's you, you're lost cause. If you haven't checked out this video, I've watched that next. If you haven't bought one of the programs, I'll link them below again. They're all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. How many of those do you have in there? As always, good after you get grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Why Your Delts Aren't Getting BIG & CAPPED! [cxotn_MpXkY].txt ===

All right, today we're blown up those delts, round enough those shoulders, and attacking that lateral head because why not? Let's just get to the point where we look stupid. I want to be able to be invited to somebody's wedding and show up in full sweats and say, honestly, sorry, nothing at the store fit me. And I would have had it custom made earlier, but turns out I'm an asshole, so take it or leave it. So when it comes to side laterals, it's a good idea, everyone's well, just give yourself a bit of a cup check because you can get out of hand really quick. I know every time I walk up to the rack, it takes me one set, just to kind of find that happy place of that's not interior dealt, that's not my trap, and I can figure out what's the best way I connect on that particular day because it changes all the time. But that's not what today's about. If you want me to, I'll film a video that goes over all the different variations you can do for lateral raises. Just to see what you connect with the most, but today I want to give you a self-correct that shitty form that you didn't know you have. Because without fail, every time we got a new client in to train shoulders, I would say, okay, first, let me see your lateral raise, and I would just sit back and wait for the shit show. I honestly think it's because everybody's thought the process is the same. I don't want that side belt to do all the work by itself because that would be too easy. I want to look like I put a couple quarters on those old electric horses ahead and find grocery stores and then did side laterals. Just finally, jump up and down to really get that entire body involved. And even when I gave him lighter weight, they still found a way, look like they were trying to mildly sexually assault themselves in the mirror, instead of doing what I asked side laterals. Because I think we all learned to do our side laterals the same way. Watch some giant human throw up some heavy weight, which absolutely works, but if you're f***ing it up with 15s, that's probably not the way to go. And that's where the training will come in. And I know I sound like a jerk when I say that, but it's not directed at you. This is more of self-talk that you just happen to be listening to because I can't be trusted. This eliminates the part of the moment where people typically screw it up myself included, which is when you bring it down to your leg, you're bringing it in front of you, pull those traps into it, pull that anterior delts into it, as you're coming up, you lean back too far. So all you have to think about is start of the bottom, flex that lateral head, back down rest, repeat. You know what I'm going to bring up, a keyboard exercise? I don't have to think twice about it. I just assume everybody has access, but it's a crazy world we're living in. I know that I can be talking to somebody who just has a handle with skiing one hand, an exercise band, the other, and that's all they got. If that's the case, I got nothing but love for you. Keep with a good fight. This can at least give you some ideas on how to use that band, and you can do it. If you're not going to have a good fight, then you can do it. If you're not going to have a good fight, then you can do it. If you're not going to have a good fight, then you can do it. If you're not going to have a good fight, then you can give you some ideas on how to use that band better. Because if you're willing to be that jerk that rolls a squeaky bench over the cable machine, you can really figure out what you connect with the most. Everything from your hand placement as far as the neutral grip, without prontated grip, but also the path you take. So coming up from a regular side lateral, or start with more of a front raise, and then wrap around, and then pull into that side delt, and on top of that, a slow, four-count negative and positive, or a static hold, is a totally different kind of disgusting pain on a cable machine. Might as well over the gray nerd inside theğl weave Let's finish off with a great exercise you can do with a land mine. But honestly, you don't need one. If you're anything like me you're an extensive training with the link between logs and kid. So, you can figure this shit out. All you're going to do is space the land mine tilt slightly for because that bar is going to drift slightly in front of you. It's going to put the elbow at a perfect position just to blow up that side doubt. And if you want to take the titles of the biggest asshole at the gym, just grab two bars and just hit them both at the same time. If you liked this video, you should watch this one on shoulders next. If you didn't catch the last one, I was in rare form. You'd probably gonna like that one too. But most importantly, subscribe. Hit the notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. Z.

=== FILE: Why Your FAT LOSS Diet Is Going To FAIL!! [uBsNdURnvz4].txt ===

All right, today we're going to go over three red flags to look out for what you're dieting. You do any of these, and that meal plan you're on, probably not going to work. I really just want to say stop eating like an **** all but it's a little more nuanced than that. Let's get after it. All right, red flag number one, when somebody hands me their diet and say, what do you think? And it's a venn diagram dumpster fire of a meal plan. I just hand it back and say, good luck with that. When it comes to dieting, complex these not your friend. You should have keep it simple, stupid, plastering or refrigerator because you got to remember that 99% of people don't feel unguided because they don't work. It's because they get two days in on that third day they wake up in a cold sweat covered in crumbs and they're like ****. If that's you, I recommend dummy it down and make it as easy and simple to follow as possible. The diet's not the problem. It's yourself control. You need to build that mental muscle and just follow a structured plan. And I'm just as guilty of this. It seems like about every six months I wake up and go holy, fat mess. And then I realize I got to reel it back in. Now when this happens, I take a very extreme approach because I know my only issue is I can't sustain from trying to clog my arteries with cereal. So what I do is I make it as simple as possible. I figure out a meal I really like. It has a exact macro percentages. I'm trying to hit for the entire day and I eat that for every single meal. It gives me a very clear, the ate it, good job. You didn't, you fucked up. And this is not something you do forever. You just build back the ability to follow a structured plan and then you make a little bit more diverse, a little bit healthier. Reneflect number two. Never fails when somebody says you understand, I eat incredibly healthy. I'm just not getting the results I want. And say okay, first we need to make a distinction. Are you eating healthy or do you have a specific goal? There's a big difference. Usually what happens is they try to blur the line between the two. I get a whole their diet and I'm like, holy. How does those diabetes taste? The amount of fruit I see on people's diet is insane. It always comes with a justification of, yeah, I'm eating it because it's healthy. You can't prioritize micro nutrients and expect your macro is not to just go to shit. You're going to decide early what you want to focus on to eat, to get healthy or to hit a specific goal. Always direct people, aim towards the goal. You can always supplement. There's an entire industry built upon it to give you what you're lacking. Reneflect number three when people start justifying things on their diet. And they say, you know, I can't get rid of that pre-workout meal. I need to have carbs in there. Otherwise, my work out sucks. If that's the case, I hope you carve up before you have sex with your wife because otherwise she should have a luck. Just be honest, you love carbs and I do too. I'm no way saying that they're bad. I'm just saying that's a wrong mindset to have when it comes to dieting. You shouldn't be thinking about the things you can't live without. You should just say to yourself, I'm willing to do whatever it takes to get the look I want. And it comes in other forms too, which I'm sure you've done as well where you just destroy legs and you're like, I feel I feel beat up. I mean, I feel weak. I think I need to, I think I need to help pizza. Now, I'm sure we've been better off sleeping in an extra hour that night, but the asshole and his all justified it. If you like this video, watch this one next. Also, this is just another one of my favorites, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Why Your Glutes Aren't Growing (NOT WHY YOU THINK!) [qny2tekrvdE].txt ===

All right, today we're going over exactly how to grow your glutes. If you ask any woman of the gym who's made obvious glute gains, how they've made so much progress, you'll either forever be identified as a creep or she'll give you some incredible insight that will help you bring up any lagging body part. How many times a week do you train glutes? Does picking up dollar bills with my butt cheeks count? Absolutely. Then every day. And that's not a typical from what you'll hear from a regular woman who doesn't spend their days, hungry, hungry, hip-wing dollar bills with their ass cheeks. They're going to tell you that they train glutes anywhere from three times a week to every damn day. And I know that sounds crazy, but it absolutely works. Because what you'll find is these women have built in D-Lode days throughout the week. They hit their more exhaustive movements, like sumo deadless, barbell hip thrust, and even quarter reps at the bottom of the leg press on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And the rest of the week, they do banded in isolation work. That'll not only activate those glutes, but also help you develop a better mind muscle connection. And this is what people don't understand. Your gluteus maximus is by far the most powerful muscle in the human body, but it doesn't mean you should treat it as such. You have to earn the right. Because there's so many supporting muscles that can jump in, I'm pretty much every single glute exercise you do. In reality, you should only be lifting weight. They're largely engaged and flex your glutes as you can track up. Not just dry hump it up. The lesson here is that even though your ass is powerful enough to crack nuts. With great power, comes great responsibility. First thing I would do is start every glute training session off by hitting your glute mean. It's what makes up your upper ass. And if it's inactive or weak, you're going to run into some serious problems. Have you ever seen somebody's knees collapse when they squat? Well, that's why. To do one of the best exercises, you can just grab a step or stack a couple plates. Keeping that opposite leg straight and shifting all that weight into your working side. It'll be shocked at how much this one hurts. Another major change I'd make is to fix your form. I guarantee when you do some rows, you stay straight up and down. A good way to kind of fix this or even just a mental cue to have in your head is by having a band wrapped around your hips. You don't actually have to do it, but it'll instantly correct your form because when you think about something pulling you back and you have to drive forward, that's how you should do a sumo. Those bruises, which you bruise is from. 10-inch rag-a-ball. It's probably the best advice I can give you. It's just to find one of those women at your gym who've made real progress and fall along with exactly what they do. Follow along. Don't follow. They make whistles for people like that. And I know everybody wants me to make merch, but the saying's like, you can't outcrunch a shit diet or stop deep-throating churros and believe me. I'm working on it. I just want to work. If you thought I was joking, nope, you can get your replica asked print t-shirt below. Let's help get this girl through college. That might be a little aggressive. Let's at least aim to get her a couple of monostat ones and a bottle of sperm-assign on loop. If you haven't had a chance, watch this video next. If you want to grow, programs are linked below and as always, get after it and get grown.

=== FILE: Why Your Lats AREN'T Growing (GROW A BIG WIDE BACK!) [8E0WFFmxLxc].txt ===

Alright, today we're getting big ridiculous looking lats and if here's aren't growing but in this video you'll know exactly why because we're going very specific detail about certain parts of some of the most common exercises where people's form usually breaks down they lose the connection they end up hitting biceps more anything else so if you're ready Let's get after it. Let me first start by saying these insights are specifically for somebody that just wants to put out muscle it's going to fly in the face of that DVD that came with your perfect pull up, but I don't think that's a bad thing. You probably should never take advice from anything on an infomercial unless you try to live and die like a rock star In that case, Billy Maze is your man and I've talked to Nasi about keeping that element of fixed position so I'm not going to reiterate that here you guys know where I stand there What I do when I cover today is the exact form you should have we're going to fully stretch position when you're at peak contraction or fully contracted and the position or angle of your body Let's first start up by talking about how your form should be in a fully stretched position because I rarely see anybody do this and it makes all the difference and the biggest takeaway is never disengaged at lap and you know when it happens when you start to stretch and you feel it go from your lap to your shoulder to your arm and you're fully straight with that arm doesn't sound like such a bad thing you have to re-engage that lap to pull it down But 99% of people can't do that. They can't drive the force from their hand to their bicep back to their lap You usually just stop right in their bicep and it's a bicep movement and on top of that you're losing your ability really stressed that lap because that point right before your lap disengages You're going to actually push against and driving into that lap so you can get that nice deep stretch If you let it fully extend you lose it so you're going to stop a little bit short keep it engaged really stretch those lats and then pull it back down But it comes to full contraction the lap pull down This is where it appears me that everybody has some sort of weird fetish about getting that bar to touch their nipples by any means necessary Because your lats are only pull that bar down so far and they're going to stop The only way to get it all the way down is by rolling those shoulders and pulling those biceps into it And you obviously don't want that if you do you have horrible decision making skills So you only want to contract down as far as those lats will let you know further You're not going to test that chest or definitely not going to touch those nipples So save that for later The next question is okay, where should that handle be because I'm sure you've seen people where they have that handle way out in front We're like a full face pull we can answer that by going for last thing which is position or angle of your body because it's really an efficient To train those lats on a fixed path. I don't care what angle your body's at if you're pulling straight down You're working against your body's natural biomechanics and on top of that if you factor in that I want you to keep the elbow in a lock position the entire time it just can't happen So what you have to do is get some movement of all to get the most of your lap pull down So during the negative portion movement you're lean forward and force that stretch And during the positive you're going to lean back and handside contraction and just as important You're following the natural arc your lats the elbows and a fixed position and you don't have to guess where your hands are going to be They're just going to naturally fall with their supposed to fall Just me or do I sound like I've ever reverted back to my four-year-old self and a minute and go get us all day I think I have some sort of strep throat But everything and She could die and I mean now when it comes to pull-ups a lot of the same things apply and I know some people just in a achievement to get 20 pull-ups or Military training so they have to go all the way up all the way down But just know that top of the movement There's no way your lats can pull you that high it has to be shoulder has to be bicep So if that's important to you that's a totally different style of training for me I'm my whole training is about taking the inefficiency out of certain movements and isolating down to whatever muscle you're trying to work And so obviously not pulling yourself all the way up with your biceps and shoulders So one of the stretch on these it's still argue that it's better not to disengage those lats because these are even harder to reengage than pull downs You could screw up so bad that you actually even get your traps involved and you're still going to get that movement involved But to what severity has to put on the grip you take because with really wide grip you're still going to follow the natural arc your lats But you're only able to bring those elbows in so far so the top of the movement you're still fairly straight up and down Now when you bring those elbows all the way in for a closed grip or a reverse grip Now you can really start to follow the natural arc your lats So you're going to feel like you're pulling those handles around your body Well, so like you're touching your stomach to the ceiling They just follows the natural arc a little bit better both great movements Close grip is going to feel like you can really Contract a little bit easier have better connection to it wide grip if you can do it It's actually harder could be better for you. It's just more advanced way of doing it Just so you know when I work with somebody on this we start with that closed grip. It's a little bit easier It's more natural and then we start working wider and wider until we get to the point where it's that wide grip I'll go slightly tucked in and they're right back to second edit I wasn't going to go over barbell pullovers and one arm rows But I think you need to go home and drain my face not with a netty pot because Whatever human invented the fact that you pour hot water in your nose and the snout comes out of your mouth is pretty sick Probably the same one that likes to touch the barbell to their nips It's not okay. So if you want me to make that video leave a comment below Here's two of my other favorite back days if you haven't seen either of these You don't want to watch these next and most importantly make sure subscribe hit that notification bell You can get after get growing

=== FILE: Why Your Legs AREN'T GROWING (Truth Hurts!) [i9V4hmh0Re8].txt ===

Alright, today's an important day. When you go from a wire legs on a grownup, at the end, I'm gonna take exactly how to fix it. Now, to make sure on the same page, though, it's not your genetics. It's not even the equipment you have access to. It's not even your training split. It comes down to one thing. You're not pushing yourself, aren't you? Now, before you defensive and say that's not the case, I love leg day. And that's a red flag right there. Let's take one you meet a woman and realize, wow, you got a lot of male friends. No one, absolutely no one should love leg day. And if you're gonna come back and say, you know what? I'm a little bit off, you know what I understand. I like the pain, save it. I was raised by alcoholic wolves, even I don't enjoy it. There's usually a subtle progression of pain during each set. When I start out, I got my game face on, I'm ready for war. But about halfway through, I got this uneasiness that takes over my face and I started to get this grimace where I look like I could have potentially shut myself. And by the end of it, I'm praying to sweet little baby Jesus. And let me make sure we're clear on exactly what it looks like to push yourself hard enough because it's not doing sets of 10. Anytime I catch myself half-hassing a workout, it's because I'm mistaking heaviness for hard work. And that's not the case. I know when I'm doing something heavy, it's easier. So it's a 10, I have no problem doing that. Said a 30, it's gonna fill my life up. How do I come up with another day and say, I just want bigger legs. I thought it's a weird way to start a conversation. But okay, what are you doing? And he said, well, I'm pushing myself hard enough. I'm doing everything else I do for every other body part. I just did three sets of 10 on leg extension, which we can argue the effectiveness of that and I love them. Most people hate them. Whatever. But when over there and saw him doing another set and he's gripping his heart, he's came with his hands. The way it's actually jumping over his legs, he's pulling down some heart, he's just throwing it up. Of course, he's not gonna get results with that. That's not what's hard. Stupid. The way to get him to realize that that's not an effective way to train legs is the same way I would take my new clients to their first leg day. I sit him down in a leg extension, very lightweight and I say, I'll go slow as you can, just flex it up. But you can't hold on, hold on to yourself. I don't care, but just don't hold on. And he's flexing it real slow and he just keep looking at me, looking for me to save them. And again, this my favorite saying, no one's coming for you. I would just let them slowly flex it up. And there's no number. We're not trying to hit a number. I'm just waiting for them to quit kind of see where they're at mentally because that's what it's gonna take. I can tell right there if you're gonna have big legs or not. Okay, great. You told me I suck now, tell me how to fix it. Because I like motivation content as much as an expert. But if this was my issue and I'm watching this and I just said train harder, it's like, give me a tell me exactly what to do. So I will. We should not gonna need this weight because it's about to get real ugly. So here's what you're gonna do. During your next leg day, warm however you have to do walking lunches. You're gonna train your partner, take turns kicking each other nuts, doesn't matter. But you have to start with this exercise. So through this marble on your back and know weight whatsoever, you're gonna do a hundred reps. You can't rack the weight. You can rest at any time you need to at the top, but you can't rack the weight. On the second set, you gotta go up. At least a little bit. One time I shared my buddy and you can see this set was just destroying him. And we're like okay, well, we know you gotta go up this next set. And we finally came to the conclusion that we'll just throw a couple clips on there because he's trashed already. And then we're gonna do one more set after that. So three sets totally gotta go up at least a little bit each time. So what's the point? Well, think about this way. That's probably the most intense thing you've done in last month, maybe year for some people ever. And that's just how your leg day starts. It shouldn't give you the understanding that leg day's not just something you can do. It's something you survive. You can get it. So here's what I want you to do. If you do it, find me an Instagram tag me. I'll throw it in my story. The first couple of people that do, I'll make a shirt for you based upon my CD messed up personality. And I'll send that to you. And if you haven't trouble coming up with a leg day, it's gonna either make you vitally throw up or shit yourself. I'll link you to my favorites in the end of the video. So as always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video on next. And get after get growing. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Why Your Shoulders AREN'T GROWING (Truth Hurts!) [-7zwBgmJ3hw].txt ===

Alright, today we're going over exactly why your shoulders aren't growing in true hurts. Let's see if you fall into one of these categories. No matter how hard you train, you can't cap those shoulders. Or you feel like your mom never told you when you were born, you were missing one of the heads of your delts. Or after every time you train them, you wake up the next morning in your shoulders. Not sore, traps, really sore. And for the person that's gonna say soreness doesn't equal growth, you can go eat a bag of dinner. So what does that happen? It's actually because you're screwing yourself. Here's what I mean. Your scapula can move in six different ways, but for this problem, we'll need to focus on two of them. Plus you're really messed up. And that's elevation and depression. To elevate your scaps, to elevate your scapula and your upper trap fibers need to shorten to make that happen. And it's a very important and useful thing until it gets out of hand, especially when you're doing side laterals. How do you know? You can use it looking the mirror and tell, unless you have to develop that much muscle yet, in that case, here's a good test. When you're doing a side ladder, when you get to the top, if you feel a little tick on your ear, that's your fucking shoulder. You're doing it wrong. So the second greater and I saw, we'll say, that's an easy fix. I'll just depress the shit out of him if I can't help it. I'll throw a band on my shoulder and force those dicks down. But that would be a mistake because you can end up putting pressure in your break of plexus, which isn't important to set a nerves if you ever want to beat a clamp your wife again. Not only that, you won't be able to actually complete the movement because that humoral head's gonna get jammed up. So if your shoulder's jumped up and your traps engage every time you do ladder raises, an important question to ask yourself if what muscles are involved in depression. That's your pectoralis minor. You're serrated, say, interior and the lower fibers of your traps. Did you catch that? The same muscle that's screwing you over because it's so dominant and over-developed is also the one that's underdeveloped and not doing its job. That's the muscular version of you taking your flacid prick, pulling it between your legs like a thong and shoving it up your ass. And yeah, there's other muscles involved in elevation and depression but if I had to single out just one, it definitely be the traps because once the last time you actively targeted those lower traps and hit them at least once a week and if you say you do, you're full of shit. Why is this so important? Because it's not just the ladder raise, it affects the majority of movements you're gonna do even on a front raise. We were goal is upper rotation, the scapula with the help of your upper traps, the serrated centering those lower traps. If you are a shrug only kind of person and that's all you do, then those dominant upper fibers are gonna take over and every time you go to do a front raise, your shoulder's gonna try to bang bust your ear. Even when you're hitting rear delts and something like a machine-murder fly, a lot can actually go wrong. But more often than not, I see people go to their happy place, bring those shoulders there, you're and screw up the exercise that way. Next time you're at the gym, try this. Lay on an incline bench and do wise. And they're just like they sound, you look like a giant hooked on phonics, why. And if you end up drenched in sweat and screen crying after four reps, it's something you need to work on. Just focus on two things, keeping those thumbs up and as you contract up, try to actively supinate those palms. And if you still feel those upper fibers jump in, just do a mutilaterally that way you can take the off hand, palpate your trap and feel if it starts to engage if it does, just manipulate that scape and continue the movement once this gets easier, add weight. And as you get better at it, you can work up to plate raises or wise on the TORX but ease into that because you're definitely gonna screw them up at first. And I'm sure this is not what you expect you when you clicked on the video, but it's the truth. When you can start better controlling your scapula, then you can actually start hitting those delts and not just fuck up those traps every time. And if you need help training your shoulders, I'll leave links to the programs below again. They're all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. And if you're cheap, here's another video for shoulders, but most importantly subscribe, hit the notification bell. Get after a good grown. Talk to you soon.

=== FILE: Why is No One Talking About THIS! [fiqRv0BCKEk].txt ===

This is by far the most important video I've ever made because 80% of people will experience substantial back pain at Some point in their life of that 12% of those people end up clinically disabled meaning they get one of those adorable little handicapped stickers and this sick ride And even if that's not you you're one of the lucky ones very few people understand how to properly align their spine and brace Before they live and on top of that if you have shoulder and hit mobility issues You're never gonna fix them and tell you fix your spinal mechanics first The first thing I want to say light on is the spine itself now We've all seen models like this before, but I think very few lifters truly appreciate how wonky the spine actually is your spine is Curved all the hell the Lumbar and cervical portions of your spine have a natural inward curve known as lardosis And your thoracic spine has a kyphosis or outward curve your spine is the strongest Nable to bear an incredible amount of compression when it's in this neutral position when all the vertebrae are perfectly aligned and displacing even distribution of force through the disc below them that almost act like individual joints That was a tough one That was a tough. What you run into issues is when the curves your spine become either too exaggerated or not existed a pretty common fault You'll see in the gym is when people lose the lardosis of their lumbar spine the old brown eye wink You're better than that that should be in aha moment because I'm sure at some point in your life You've had a coach or a training partner give you the verbal cue to flatten your back during a deadlift or keep your head up during a squat I am guilty of this as well those are dumb things to say you shouldn't tell someone to flatten your back You fucking pieces because inevitably they're gonna take that verbal cue and then proceed to flatten out their lumbar spine Which we know needs that inward curve to be in a neutral position So in fact if you see somebody with a flat back They're actually more susceptible to injury and then when you tell somebody fucking head up or I'll murder your fucking family No one takes that cue and then tilts her head back just enough to realign their spine in a neutral position They tilt her head back as far as they fucking can and then create a localized extension fault in their cervical spine I might have to amend that by saying it's a lot harder to tell on chubby If you're somebody that self identifies as medium husky to husky then you're not to be able to get visual confirmation that your spine is in a neutral position because it might be neutral And that might just be a shit little back that so the most important thing you could do to make sure your spine never turtles out of your ass Is to have a set of kinesthetic cues that you run through in a step-by-step process to make sure spine is in a neutral position That's what you're learning today magic screw box and we're gonna need two of these the one we use for lifting Which is called a braced neutral spine and then when we use for everyday life Which you could just call perfect posture that is a little bit easier to get into there's less steps But it's just as important because people underestimate how much they put their back at risk with everyday activity like tying their shoes Or picking up something random to impress a woman. Oops. I dropped my monster condom that I use for my magnum-dong I can't emphasize this enough if you spend 23 hours outside the gym with improper spinal mechanics and bad posture It has more of a negative effect than anything you could do in the gym I mean unless you train like a complete asshole and before somebody says I don't know if I believe that because I've been told that there's no sense thing is bad posture your next posture is your best posture That's complete bullshit because There are goodwill hunting formulas you can use to figure out the spinal compression force the force of the muscle itself and Most importantly the shearing force between two specific vertebraing to me That's fascinating you could take a formula like that. Wasteland tires Sunday and figure out that a 300 pound dead lift With a neutral spine is a hell of a lot safer than having the curvature of a spine just slightly off and picking up an object that only weighs 20 pounds That's a foot in front of you. Yes, the compressive force of the deadlift is gonna be higher But that's what your spine does that's it's job the real danger and risk for injury comes when one of your vertebrae becomes out of alignment It creates what's called a shear force where one of the vertebrae slides on top of the other That's where you get your bulging disk your rupture disk your pets head starts falling off And that's your enforced can happen the moment you lose that neutral spine position Hopefully I've scared you enough that you maintain proper spinal mechanics even if you're just picking up your giant condom that you use for your Magnum Dawn So let's walk you to process of creating a brace neutral spine the best way I found is the supple leopard method In this process you remain identical regardless of the lift you'll simply just adjust the width of your stance the angle of your hips Whatever you have to do to get in position to execute that lift But the way you align your spine and brace for the lift should never change Step one wind your feet and I hesitate to say rotate because you don't actually want your feet to move You want them to lock in place just fill the pressure and torque of external rotation because it's gonna put pressure on the outside of your knee and help align your hips Step two, contract your glutes. That's gonna help align your pelvis and a neutral position Where is America when you need her the reason I'm gonna have it heard do this is because the last video she was in got flagged because Fuck me right step three time to brace your abdominals now the way I like to teach is to take four fingers And jam them in your oblique the only way you're gonna get that pain to stop and for those fingers to exit is if you brace your abdominals in a way That doesn't just fire those superficial muscles but contracts those deep muscles involved in stabilizing your spine like your Transversus abdominis I think I just subconsciously made myself want to have abdominals Fuck domino and that's just bracing for proper alignment when you brace to do a lift the intensities Gonna change based upon the lift you do a standing dumbbell curl will need a lot less intense contraction than a heavy ass deadlift So very the intensity accordingly don't just give yourself a hurting by flexing your glutes and bracing your abs You've now align your lumbar spine the little green bastard So now we have to work on your thoracic spine because when you brace your abdominals You actually compress your entire trunk and everything goes forward and down So to fix that you're gonna open up your shoulders and external rotation but bring your hands out to the side thumbs up to the ceiling and then drop your hands right to your side It's that simple from there All we have to do is align the cervical part of your spine so they do that. I want you to pretend There's a string attached to the ball spot on the back of your head when that string is pulled your head Goes slightly back and your chin drops into a neutral position next obvious question is how in the hell am I supposed to brace and breathe at the same time While I left time glad you asked that question because I'm gonna fucking answer it the first thing you gotta understand is that no matter what when you breathe You have less compressive force in your abdomen Which is gonna put you more risk for injury, but you also can't just hold your breath the entire set that impedes blood flow of the heart Increases blood pressure and you probably get done with that set and realize that you have what seems to be a shiny new testicle the key is to take short compressive breaths from your diaphragm not like this whoever designed this program is an idiot Because this person is breathing with their chest and when you do that you ultimately tilt back and forth and create a localized fault in your thoracic spine I'm probably gonna spend the rest of my week finding out where the person lives who designed this so I can go shit on their lawn So focus on short diaphragmatic breaths or put simply breathing through your stomach that allow you to maintain that abdominal brace and then line up your breathing Base upon your need and I would love to tell you it's as simple as breathing in during the eccentric breathing out during the concentric But it is way more nuanced than that because think about just doing negatives on Nordic hamstring curls by definition The concentric part of that moment is when I take my hands and push myself back up, but I don't even give a shit about that part So that means I'm inhaling during the negative which runs a risk of creating laxity in my lumbar spine because when you inhale There's a nightly less compressive forces than when you exhale so in that scenario I should breathe out during the negative what the fuck? And before you say just exhale in the hardest part that doesn't work either because think about a 10 second negative on a squat with an explosive positive That positive is easy compared to that negative That negative sucks all the dicks and yeah negative is our rarity and you can get by with the phrase and during the negative out during the positive But I think a better way to think about it and a question you can ask yourself before any lift that will never let you down is During what part of the lift is it most important? I utilize the more compressive forces of the exhale to help stabilize my spine Now when it comes to fixing your day to day posture that the forces of gravity and the stresses of life itself slowly erode with each passing second Actually a lot easier and this works whether you're standing or seated But I'll highlight the seated version because most people's issues are derived from sitting on their ass all day and losing the natural Lurdoces in their lumbar spine all you need to do is go into the extremes and start to back it off So for your lumbar spine you got to archer back and then gently start to contract your abs and tell you for the muscles in your low back Start to relax Then your lumbar set from there. It's the opposite for your thoracic spine You go into flexion and then you start to externally rotate those shoulders until you fill those mid back muscles start to relax Then tug your bald spot to correct your cervical spine and it might seem like a lot to maintain that posture throughout the day But it's not when you realize that this is a neutral posture and this is a neutral posture and this is well What I'm saying is you don't have to sit straight up like a jerk off the entire day You can change the angle of your body because it doesn't matter what your hips are doing now If you're somebody that habitually winks to everybody that walks by during your squat I want you to do this exercise before we leg and back day It's a variation of a plate good morning and there's a very specific way I want you to do these So lock your feet in put pressure on the outside of your knees flex your glutes brace your abs Extremely rotate your shoulders pull the ball spot in the back of your head and as you do these I want you to focus on keeping the plate as close to as possible the entire time because not only I would work into increase the endurance and strengthen those spinal muscles But we're also working to stabilize those shoulders and increase mobility in the hips because if you have mobile hips Stable shoulders and the neutral spine no one will ever laugh at your equations But hold again if you don't already know the new backed by science program is live It's by far the most efficient way to train. I'll also include an 30 minute version for those of you that have a life and good luck

=== FILE: You Aren’t Special… [WAuPlk_2naI].txt ===

If you're dealing with the pain that holds you back, 95% of the time, it's correctable. Yeah, there are some cases where it's not. If you're walking around with somebody else's ligament in your knee because your suck at skiing, or you grow up with an abusive dad that made you do triathlons from the age of 10s, you have no art, particular cartilage left in your knee, but outside of those known injuries, that pain that makes your butt whole pucker every time you do a quarter squat is 100% correctable. And it's usually caused by one of these three things. An issue with mobility, biomechanical slash muscular and balanced, or a load tolerance issue. And what's frustrating is I'm sure at some point you saw a doctor and they told you you have... I'm not feeling like a surgeon. For sure, because you're a feeling pain right below your knee cap or on the lateral side, and then they give you a high five and pull you to piss off. The problem with that is it's just a bullshit blanket term that encompasses a bunch of symptoms and doesn't provide any value. It's like a retirement home. You're not sending your grandpa there to retire, you're sending him there because you're tired of wiping his ass. All of those symptoms, if you trace him back to the source, are correctable problems. Here's a good test to see if whether or not you're actually screwed. If you feel pain on some exercises, but not others, or if you're pain-only develops as the loading creases, or your pain materializes as you get further into the workout, that's good news. So no matter what your dad told you when he walked out to start a new and better family, you're not a lost cause. Your knee is a very simple joint. It f***s off in this direction, and this direction, and that's it. But to do that, there needs to be a cordus between all the forces that stabilize the joint and allow it to do its thing. And what's interesting is sensors that synergy between the muscles, tendons, and ligaments, more often than not, you could pin point exactly where your pain's coming from, and most importantly, why? If you feel pain laterally on the outside of your knee, that's due to your illiotibial band and your quad, actually pulling your knee cap up and out of position. And when you actually see what happens on a structural level, it makes sense why your knee sounds like a bowl of rice crispies after you put a cup of sugar in there because what kind of psychopath eats it plain? If you feel pain on the inside lower portion of your knee cap, we can trace that back to your medial patella or ligament, and that's a little bit harder to correct because it's a god damn ligament. It can be caused by hip or ankle mobility issues with frozen entire axis of the joint off. Your VMOs do tie it where your calf isn't loading properly. I know it's crazy that we as humans even work. None of this makes sense. I always think how did I not die after every time I take it shit. If you completely relax your leg, your knee will tell you what the hell is wrong with it just simply by moving it around. The good old turning cough, like you did for pop Warner, but instead of an adult woman, if you're lucky, pal painting that cheese collecting crevice next to your balls, we're going to do a turniquet. Although my knee looks like Chibocca's asshole, so it might be hard to tell. Well, this is definitely going to help me illustrate the point a little bit better, but for the next three weeks I'm going to walk around looking like I got drunk and went to go shave my balls and missed. You're going to straighten your leg and completely relax your quad. Now gently press your knee cap in every direction. Your knee is supposed to comfortably and easily move around from side to side because that's its can job. If it doesn't, you need to start looking in that direction as well as the opposite direction to see what's overly tight and undiractive. If you're feeling tenderness in the inferior portion of it, either right below that knee cap or downward the patella attaches to your shin, you're dealing with knee tendonitis. I know it's a lot to figure out and correct on your own, but don't worry, I'm going to take your little Chibocca hand and walk you through step by step how to completely fix your knee pain. And I'm serious, this encompasses everything. Ten to nine is mechanical dysfunction. You name it. We're going to clean all that shit up. The way you do after a long night of drinking in Mexican food. It's a physical therapy's version of sitting on the edge of your tub, blowing it out, and turning your shower on. Step one, we have to test to figure out what the hell's going on. Because most people make the mistake of trying to blindly correct the problem and end up making it worse. So first, I want you to do an air squat. Now you should just say watch yourself in the mirror, but that doesn't make sense unless you live in a fucking fun house. So take your phone, film yourself in the front, both sides in the rear, and make sure not wearing shoes because those are probably the reason your knees are screwed up in the first place. You were that asshole that squatted in Nike shocks. I want you to pay close attention to your knees, ankles, and feet. One thing I see a lot is as you get past a few reps. One of those feet will start to turn out. That's bad. One quick note, we don't care if you're butt winks. We're not trying to fix your dump or right now. We want you to squat all the way down hamstrings and calves because everybody should. If you can't, that sucks. Next, we're going to do a single leg squat on both sides for reps. Start by squatting down as low as you can comfortably go with the goal of sharing the load across the entire quad. Pay close attention to your knee. If you notice it drifts towards your midline or shakes violently, that sucks. But we'll fix it. Next, let's look specifically at hip and ankle mobility issues, because that's usually the root cause to all your problems in life. So first, with one foot on the ground, I want you to take your knee and try to bring it all the way to your chest. You should be able to actually reach your chest. If you can't, next, I'm going to test your ability to internally and externally rotate your hip. It's a little counterintuitive because the test external rotation, you're going to land your back, put your knee at 90 degrees and then you're going to bring your foot towards your midline to test internal rotation into the exact opposite. A healthy range for external rotation is 40 to 60 degrees for internal rotation 30 to 45. If you're nowhere near any other, you don't have to look any further. This is the reason your life sucks. I guarantee if you're going your wife's purse right now, you're going to find another man's dick. Next, we're going to test your ankles with two tests. One of which I'm sure you've done before. Start by facing the wall. We're going to test both sides individually. So whatever side you choose first, set that foot up five inches away from the wall. And don't act like you don't know what five inches is. You know exactly how long that is. You don't need to tape measure. Just if you're not sure, take that little prickier's, stretch it out, times that by pie and then you're about a third of the way there. While keeping your heel glued to the floor, you're going to drive your knee forward and if you can't touch the wall, then you're ankle suck. Next, I got a very simple test that isn't the most scientific, but I'll immediately know if your squat's going to be garbage. Whether your shoes are often feet flat on the ground on what you'd lift your toes up as highs they can go. If your toes barely lift off the ground, that tells me your tippy-alice anterior isn't strong enough to dorsy flex those hobbit feet ears and your knees are going to suffer because of it. Lastly, I want you to take note of when your knee pain occurs. Does it happen on some exercises but not others? Or does it happen after a period of time during your workout? If that's the case, that's good news. It has to do with load intolerance and we're going to fix that at the very end. Which brings us to step number two. Now you should know exactly what's causing your knee pain. So you can choose which one of the correct movements I'm about to show you applies to you and use it to unfuck your life. And the difference between this mobility work and a previous video I made is now we're actually hunting for issues. Once we find it, we're going to correct it and keep doing that until your knee pain is resolved. That means you can walk away from this with one thing to work on for the next week or two in your problem solved or you could have seven because you're so screwed up and your knee capsule is so inflexible that you can't take a proper shit on a squatty potty. You don't know me? I don't know. Let me make a quick disclaimer because I know some kids can try to do all of these at once, hurt himself and then this beautiful chubby mom is going to sue me. So makes you only work the areas that need work. For example, if you have exceptional external rotation and poor internal then you want to fix that internal issue first. Because if you try to exaggerate your ability, externally rotate your hip, you could potentially decrease your ability to internally rotate even more and you could make that hip more prone to injury. But with that being said, this first one is one that everybody could and should do because we're just putting a little traction on the hip to release any impingement and alleviate pain. Remember that test we had to do where you laid back and tried to get your knee to your chest but you couldn't. This one's for that. To do this one, you're going to need a foam roller and a resistance band. You're going to wrap that band around your ankle and then scoop back until there's tension on the band. You're going to place that foam roller underneath your Achilles and then lay back and the idea is to completely relax and let that tension relax your hip all the way down your ankle joint. What's neat about this one is you'll probably feel tension release and stages. For example, if your hip is your biggest limiting factor, you'll probably feel distraction in your knee, then you're ankle and when everything else says screw it, I'm done, your hips slowly releases. It's going to be a minute hold for two rounds on each side. If you found out you have limited internal rotation based upon the test we did, less than 30 degrees, line your back, bend your knees and take the foot on the side you want to work first and step it out six inches. From there, take the opposite leg, put it over top and apply force and try to drive that media-less towards the floor. Either hold it for 30 to 60 seconds and do a few rounds or you pee an effort and treat it like reps where you're going to actually contract and try to externally rotate your hip but the opposite leg is going to win and force it into a deeper stretch. Side note, if you're feeling pinching when you're doing these, that either means you're about to tear one of your meat curtains or that hip joint is still impenzed and you need to give it some room to work. So simply add traction with the band from the side problem solved. If your external rotation is less than 40 degrees, then for me the best ways to mimic where the problem presents itself, screws around a little bit and see where the issues most prevalent and then kick your own ass. The way I do that is by lunging forward and then driving that knee out. Then I twist away from it, twist towards it and then completely change the angle of my knee and I like to do it like reps. So I'll dive into it for a few seconds, dive back out, keep doing until it relaxes, then go into another variation and keep doing that until it's completely cleaned up. And again, if you want to get even more to this one, just use a band and apply traction from the side. Now if you failed the angle test and you're unable to stress that little children of yours out to touch the wall by a pretty significant margin, then we're going to need to take a little bit more of an aggressive approach than we have in the past. So what we're going to do is clear out any restriction in your ankle joint, just in case it's causing misalignment in your knee. Go grab yourself a ball, a tennis ball might even work, and position in the gap in front of your ankle bone. Your goal is to apply pressure to that ankle bone and drive it back, releasing any built up garbage that you got from walking around like an asshole and then flex your toes away and then towards your shin to work around the ball. And then do the exact same thing on the opposite side by pressing down with your hand and you should instantly feel some relief in those ankles. Now there's one more thing we're going to clean up. It's causing your knee to do all sorts of weird shit and you're going to hate me for it because it's your calves. I don't know about you, but every time I get a massage and the lady starts stripping my calves, it takes everything in me not to punch her bean. All you need to do is throw some smaller weight on the bar. Some tens or 25s, cross your legs lift your butt up and then roll back and forth until that calf is released or what's more likely you quit because it hurt too bad. Make sure you don't directly roll out your Achilles because that'll potentially make it inflamed and your ankle problem will get even worse. Next, this corrects those biomechanical and muscular imbalances that end up leading to knee pain. An easy way to think about it is a biomechanical imbalance is just a precursor to actually developing a muscular imbalance. It's like that small bumper cocaine that you did that eventually led you to having sex with your wife, sister, and selling your kidney on the black market and ultimately turning your butt hole into an ATM machine. And the way you fix these issues is actually the exact same. The only difference is that if the dysfunction in your knee is caused by an imbalance between your muscles, it's just going to take a little bit longer to correct. Good news is it usually ends up only being a few muscles end up suffering in terms of development so it's easy to isolate and correct them. Your adductors, your abductors and all those stupid muscles involved in dorsy flexion. Which is counterintuitive because you think it'd be the muscles closest to the knee that are causing problems, but just like we had to look deeper into your hips and ankles to fix mobility issues then causing knee pain, we could look past those immediate muscles to see what's throwing everything off. Because the truth is once those are fixed it's going to automatically fix the imbalance between your VMO and your lateralist because now they're positioned to bear the load and generate force equally. First take off your stupid shoes again. This allows you to focus on keeping an even distribution of weight across your feet and I'm willing to bet if you passed all those other tests and you still have knee pain, this is your problem. Because your medialis and lateralist can only cause micro dysfunction due to the fact that they're only pulling and opposing directions based upon viral orientation. If you got tightness and our weakness in your ad or abductors, that can cause your knee to be fucking sideways. That's the way to fix both these issues is two various disciplines. The first one you're going to wrap a band around your knee, then you're doing the exact opposite and these are exercises. So your obvious is you're going to do a shit little reps and a shit load of sets and you're probably not going to get to the point where you actually need to add weight because at that point your problem is going to be fixed, but instead of that I rather you slow down the movement to make it more difficult. When it comes to those dorsy flexor muscles, your tibialis anterior, your extensor, deodorom logis and another ridiculous sounding one, I want you to do two things. First, every day I want you to get into a deep squat and one foot at a time I want you to contract those muscles, not just shift your weight from side to side but the actual contraction itself causes you to shift. And you'll be surprised how quickly this helps because these are the exact muscles you need to fire to get that knee into a proper alignment during a squat and it's currently not because listen to your knee. The second thing is the next time you train your anterior tibes which if you don't you need to start. I want you to try to get those other muscles involved of which I forgot their f***ing name by turning your toes in and out for a few sets. Because they're a critical component to getting that knee to properly track out over your toe as you squat. Next, this work on increasing your load tolerance. And most people recommend doing regular or single leg wall squats because most people are stupid. A Spanish squat is a significantly better option because you're in complete control of how much pressure you take off your knees and it's also training you on proper positioning because the main tango good form you have to engage your abduck, your glutes, your anterior tibes. Pretty much all the muscles he's sucking can try to that have given you crunchy knees. And we're going to start with the isometric version. So wrap that band around the back your knees, walk back until there's enough tension to maintain good form which is your back's nice and straight and you're not hinging at the hips. You're going to drop that in a 45 degrees, hold it for 60 seconds for three rounds. Now isometric hold, you're only going to help you decrease pain and begin to reduce cortical inhibition which is when your body experiences pain it decreases your ability to generate force in that area to protect itself. The key to actually increasing load tolerance is to find a moment you can do pain free and then slowing down to allow the muscles and tendons to do their job and not just using like a freaking spring. Good news is you don't have to water your little chubby self across the gym. You can stay in place and start doing Spanish squats for reps. Again, makes you don't hinge at the hips, your back is nice and straight and you do a 4-count negative and a 4-count positive. That becomes easy you can obviously add weight or or you can start doing work on a decline board. The reason this is probably the best way to increase load tolerance is because that's inherently what it does. As the inclining increases you end up putting less strain on your ankle joint and a greater stress on your entire hotel for moral joint which is great for all you people that are really messed up and also have ankle and hip problems you can focus in on just your knee just like everything else there's a stir-stepping method where if you can comfortably do 10 degrees, bump it to 15. After a certain point it's not going to make sense to increase the angle anymore. That's when you start adding weight. Anya, if you're down on your lock, wiping your ass with coffee filters you can recreate the same decline angle by stacking a few 5's on top of each other. It's not as good but it'll get the job done. No shame. I've been there. Mr. Coffee cuts are the deepest. And again, through the entire process of increasing your load tolerance make sure you check in with yourself and see if you're ready to move to the next step. If you can do an isometric hold then you do it for reps. If you can do it for reps you either add weight or move to a decline board where you increase the angle to the point where you can't anymore and then you add weight. By that point your knees will be solid. A couple quick notes to help you out. At the end of all that you could rid yourself completely of knee pain but still not be able to squat all the way down to where your hamstrings touch your calves. That's because there's still tightness in the knee capsule itself but it's an easy fix. Simply sit on the floor, roll up a towel, put it behind your knee and then shift back and forth to create distraction in the stiff knee joints. Second, if you're fairly sure your IT band is the root of all your problems because you have pain on the lateral part of your knee, don't directly roll out your IT band. They can stand 8,000 pounds per square inch which is right above concrete so if anything you'll just piss them off. Go up to your glute max, meet and TFL, they all insert directly into it and they're going to be hard as a rock. Get a foam roller for your TFL and then use a ball across your leg and roll your glute meet and max. Or pay a small Asian woman to walk on you. Lastly, knees leaves. I think they're great but only after you made progress and reducing your knee pain they'll give you that kinesthetic feedback and remind you to check in on your knees and see how they're tracking. But they're not a crutch. Programs are linked below. If you don't buy all of them then more than likely your dad's going to stop and bite you into his new family's house for Thanksgiving.

=== FILE: You NEED to See THIS! [M-ZbkzHekyk].txt ===

Turns out you've been training glutes wrong the entire time, but that's okay because America here is gonna show us how. She named really America. Yes. Now my assumption was before I did all the testing that sumo dead lives will get the highest glute activatious. Because every time I did them my glutes run fire I was sore for days. But it turns out I was wrong. Kind of. If we look at a model of your actual glute muscle look at their origin and insertion you're gonna see as you externally rotate your hips. God there's some pieces. How do I reach these kids? Perfect. When you externally rotate your hip, I.e. walk your feet wider. You're actually shortening your glute max before the lift even starts. It's not a bad thing, but it's not optimal. To figure out how to properly work glute max we need to look at fiber orientation and function. Because if you look at the orientation of the fibers you can see the natural path, the length and the muscle is staying perfectly in the sasional plane to Reckly out in front of you. And since its primary function is to extend the hip, a.k.a. dry hump then it's fairly clear what we need to do to make a Every glute exercise even better. Walking lunges for example are a great glute max exercise because you're staying that sasional plane. It's directly out in front of you. And as long as you're not lazy, piece of shit and step your feet together to the entire time, you're going to get full hip extension. But we can make it even better by exaggerating the movement by leaning forward with each rep at the very bottom, which is going to lengthen that muscle even more. And this obviously applies to similar moments like step ups where as you lean forward you're increasing the range of motion that glute has to work through. Another great example of an exercise that takes full advantage of fiber orientation are glute focused hyper extensions because your glutes are actually what are pulling you through the sasional plane. Now does that mean these are the absolute best glute exercises? No, they're great, but the goal of high perturbation should always be to isolate down to the muscles much as you'm impossible. With these, there's too many secondary muscles that can easily jump in and become the prime mover. If you simply just misjudged the length of your stride, two short quads, two long hamstrings. These fall under, let's make sure we ruin our weekend because we're unable to walk category that you throw in at the end of your workout. If you're somebody that has one sorry ass of an ass and it looks like two ziplock bags of Thanksgiving gravy has been stable to your back. And when you fart, it doesn't even make noise. It just, you should be doing movements that allow you to more effectively isolate your glutes like an assisted reverse lunge. And you may think assisted means easier. It does not. That's your grandma how great her fucking life is and how much she loves assistance. The reason the assisted version is better in terms of isolation is because you're taking some of the emphasis off that knee joint and shifting it towards your hip. And you actually shift your weight as you're doing it to get more tension on the hip itself. But you're also increasing that range of motion by leaning forward as well. Another great example of this is the TRX version because again, you're in that sasional plane, but you can really exaggerate the stretch because you can force yourself back during the negative and pull yourself up with your glute. Now does that mean that all your training should be centered around bodyweight exercises that you can really control and isolate? No. Stop asking dumb questions. Even though they've cut a few dead asses open and found that your glute max fibers are anywhere from 52 to 68 percent type one fibers. Making the case that they would respond better to higher rev training. But there's a couple of problems with those studies. For one, we know that fiber types can transition. A competitive runner is going to have a completely different ass than a competitive power lifter. Second being, if you look at the case studies where they actually cut open these cadavers, they're kind of ridiculous. The one that determined your glute max was 52 percent type one fibers was done on six males, all of which being an average weight of 170 pounds. I'm sure there were adorable little men with ass cheeks like two little legs, but that's not us. And the other study that determined that 68 percent glute max fibers were type one. I'll just read you the title. Selective type two fiber muscular atrophy and patience with osteoarthritis of the hip. Why the fuck would that matter to me? Just from an anecdotal standpoint, look at this ass. It's a nine times power lifting state record holder and it didn't come from throwing on a glute band and walking side to side. It came from lifting heavy ass weight. Lifting heavy weight should be a part of your program. The best way to do that is with the hip thrust. It's phenomenal overloading those glutes, but even more important than that, it's incredible for isolating them as well. When I use the EMG device to test hip thrust, I found it's less about trying to tweak the form to make it even more out. Because they're just a nightly that good. As long as you don't turn your toes out, which is going to bring in your biceps from more. Roll walk your feet out too far, which brings your semi-tender noses and member noses and the two other hamstring muscles. Whatever the fuck you're called. Next up, let's talk about the red headed stepchild of all glute muscles. The glute meat. Do you have ginger by this? Okay, I have to use this stupid model to explain this because the swim pursuit doesn't have a glute meat on it. Your glute meat has anterior lateral and posterior fibers. Your anterior fibers help internally rotate the hip. Post your externally rotate, but when they all work in conjunction, they do one hell of a job at abducting the hip. So if we look at what happens when you're sitting in this position doing abduction, you're actually shortening the anterior fibers of your glute meat. And then at the same time, linking those posterior fibers. And reality, you're only working half the fucking muscle. You don't know where to get all those fibers working conjunction with each other on a machine like this. It's actually leaning back and forcing your hips up. And I know you hated doing this thing before. Now you got to force your hips up and have your little chode sticking out. It's only a matter of time for somebody walks by and flex it. Which brings it back to the original exercise. Sumo deadlifts. Now they're not phenomenal for the glute max, but they are phenomenal for the glute meat. As long as you're doing with the hip hinge focus. If you're doing more straight up and down like this, you end up getting more quad activation. Specifically VMO, it's still mostly glute meat, but it's a lot of quad for my liking. When you hinge your hip, you have a little limit of activation that comes from your quad and make it just a completely strict glute meat exercise. Better than any dumb abduction machine. And yes, this will all be implemented in the new program, which is live. Hence the reason I had a giant glue ass in the thumbnail. Also, she left her chalk, so that'll also be for sale. It smells like Christmas.

=== FILE: You Were Wrong… Back By SCIENCE! [T7xAOmk2xHU].txt ===

So they were using this EMG device to test and figure out what's the absolute best way to train legs. And I have some questions. Like does the width of your stance really matter in terms of quad activation? Is there a way to target one hamstring muscle over the other's base to point how you position your feet? What about calves? Does toe position even matter? As well as any other dumb question, I might have along the way. But first, I have to shave my leg hair into a sweater. We're starting off at the leg extension because there's been so many case studies centered around this one piece of equipment and so much has been learned. And all of it makes you realize how much every little dumb thing matters. One study showed that when you trained exclusively with heavier weight, something you could do four to six reps max, the wreck fem was the only muscle to show significant growth. It's the one that if you contracted it while you're walking around the mall all day, you might be able to trick some people into thinking you got a big ol'. Keep in mind just how heavy the deck. You'd have to put on the entire stack and then tack on a bunch of other crap and still you probably end up getting more than six reps. One, two, three, four, three, four, three. Still too light. You know what I need? I need a dead. Perfect. In that very same study, the other participants that just trained in the 15 to 20 rep max range only saw visible growth in their fastest lateralists. And this study used an MRI to track the growth of each individual muscle. So we know it's accurate. It's not like the way used to measure cup sizes in middle school. B plus. So that alone tells us the way you use potentially has a huge effect on the muscles you actually end up targeting. Another study found that partial reps on the leggy stench and done it long muscle lengths. So the initial part of the movement, you'll have more hypertrophy than partial reps at the end range or even full range of motion. Now that last study, we might have to take it with a grain of salt because it was done with 20 untrained women. It's not because they're women. Women are smarter, better, blah, blah, blah. It's that they were untrained. If I took my aunt to the gym and had to do leggy stenchins after she smoked two parliament lights in the parking lot, she would flex everything from her feet to her face because she has no spatial or body awareness. Still, it gives us an incredible insight. I just wish it was done on a trained population because untrained people respond to everything. But it does make a solid case for time under tension and finding a way to train it long muscle lengths, whether that's other leg exercises or even other body parts to have a similar path, like trace of extensions. And it made me realize one of the things I wanted to test with this guy today and it could be a flaw with all the studies I talked about, the old grip it and grip it. I hope you'll walk around. I'll go around. Calm down, lady. It's how to sit. See, I've always been curious how much of the tension gets dispersed when you really grip onto those handles and pull yourself down. How much the load leaves your legs and jumps into your arms, chest for your face turns out, it was significant. Even after completing all the reps where I held on, taking a very short rest and then going right in the ones where I use no hands, I got more activation out of every single quad muscle. And this was a moderate amount of weight. I'd probably gonna got 20, maybe 30 reps if I snorted enough pre-work out, but it was heavy enough to almost lift me off the path. Which brings me into my next out. At a certain point, you're gonna have to hold on otherwise it's gonna lift your ass up. But what if? I'll be honest with you, I did that one more for me. I didn't expect anybody to take a toe-stripe it into the gym, but that was a massive difference. I say screw it. What are they gonna do? Kick out of the gym. There's plenty more to choose from. I'm sure you're gonna find another one that also celebrates pizza Fridays. Next, let's talk about stance. Because we all know the wider your feet go, the more you pull in those ad archer muscles, because they have to keep your knees from screwing off, as well as your glutes, but I'm curious, does the stance you do? Yeah, that's a different way of doing that. I'm sure you're gonna have to do that. If as well as your glutes, but I'm curious, does the stance you take have a different effect on those individual quad muscles? The answer is, yeah. Kind of. Sorting of by looking at just the latter Alice, the sweepier quads, there's little to no difference. Which sucks. You'd hope there'd be something because I did everything from nice and wide to stupid low to ridiculously high. Nothing. On the other hand, there was a huge difference in terms of activation with the rectus from Morris, also kind of sucks, because who really cares about the rect fem. What is interesting is this is less about foot placement and more about putting pressure through the toes. The more pressure you have on those toes, the more rect fem activation you get. It is helpful though, because previously when I train people and they had horrible ankle mobility and they'd shift all their weight on their toes in a leg press, I usually just make them walk their feet up or go sit outside and think about what they've done, but now we at least know they're getting rect fem activation through the roof. So that's good, but there is good news, because there was differences with the media loss. The lower my feet were, the more activation I got to that VMO. To the point when my feet were all the way to bottom, pressure only on my toes, that activated the most. I've had several people reach out and say somebody copied your EMG series. I'm not the first to do it, I won't be the last. At the end of the day, I think it's only a good thing. But I will say his reasoning was awesome. He reached down and said, just so you know, I bought it over a year ago, so technically, I thought of it first. That's so good. I'm not even mad. I just wish I knew that worked years ago, because I would've stood up at the last wedding. I went to instead. Can't marry that man, because I masturbated to you first. Also, because we have different goals. I'm using this as a tool to see where and how I can isolate the muscle even more and make my training more efficient, because eventually I'm going to build a program based upon all the things I've learned and make it for people that only have 30 to 40 minutes in the gym, and only fill those workouts with the most hyper-targeted exercises. That way, people can get their workouts in and then get back to their dumb wife and kids. Next up, let's test to see if the positioning of your feet actually affects which hamstring muscle you're targeting. Now, I lost the gastron. We're going to test this by putting a sensor on the two superficial hamstring muscles. The third one is actually tucked underneath this bastard, but it has the same exact action. So if change in the position of our feet does make a difference, that tells us everything we need to know. This semitanninosis turns your foot in, and the biceps mamoras turns your entire leg out. So it's not like, expect there to be a pretty dramatic difference. I want a ball falling out. Even just standing here, I can already tell. Watch, this is just me turning my foot after the hamstrings already flexed. It's actually even more exaggerated than I thought. You can see when I literally rotate my feet that the biceps mamoras is the predominant driver of this exercise, but the moment I immediately rotate those feet turn them in, it jumps into the semitanninosis. That's one of the most significant differences I've found considering it's the same muscle group, and all we're doing is turning our feet in a different direction. And that's crazy to think too, because most of the time when I see somebody do this exercise, their feet are cocky, they're going in different directions. They're just trying to get the weight up, but more important than that, especially with hamstrings, is how you get the weight up. It's because I'm curious. I want to see if that's still true when I'm doing a hip hinge movement. Turns out it was all that outer hamstring muscle, you're biceps mamoras. I don't know what the hell the other one was doing. I haven't tried to force it in there by turning my toes in. Nope, but this is good news though, because now we know we can actually aim. It's like when used to piss in the snow as a kid. Still to this day, my piss curse of is better than my written curse of. Just to make sure we're clear, pretend like this is the back of your left leg without all the fat on it. If you want to target that biceps mamoras, the outer most hamstring muscle, then it's safe to assume doing movements like stiff legs or stiffs on the hyper and turning that foot slightly out, is going to get the most activation. We're sticking to your leg curl exercises, like lying or seated and putting your feet into an external rotation. Personally, I really exaggerate those feet and turn them out, but I can't recommend that because it's probably not the safest thing for your knees, but I don't give it shit. And if you want to target what I'm going to call those inner hamstring muscles, the ones that are closest to your junk, then you're going to want to do exercises like dumbbell leg curls. Because those inherently target it because you have to turn those feet in to actually hold the dumbbell or any other leg curl exercise, just make sure you immediately rotate your feet. A random aside, I've only won this shirt once to a bachelor party, and I remember being disgusting, but I have no idea how I got so much glitter in my armpit. Maybe I do. And before I even started testing calves, I stumbled across a case study that went into way more depth than I could possibly do. They took ultrasound measurements, had them trained for four months, and found that yeah, the way you position your feet affects which head of your gastroch, grows more. There's still so many things I want to test. I quickly threw some plates under my feet to see if that's a crunch for people with ankle mobility issues, and it's not. I got more activation out of every single quad muscle across the body. If you want to grow more, all the programs are linked below, only 20 bucks, get after it.

=== FILE: You Won't Believe THIS! [tNWuuZfW4IM].txt ===

Did you know that if you eat white rice while it's still hot? It tastes like Walmart rice. It will significantly increase your blood sugar more than when it's cool. They really should put a disclaimer on that. Warning, could lead to you becoming a diabetes. It's due to something called retrogradeation. As the rice cools complex bonds reform, which in turn are slower to digest. Turns out, Uncle Ben's a real piece of... Here's an interesting fact. If you're ever taken a sniff of smelling salts and thought, I feel that one of my balls. That's probably because the same chemical you used to get ready for a lift is the same one that used on guys that Chris Hanson catches with condoms and a six pack of nadi ice. It's called a version therapy and it's used in a clinical setting with the worst of the worst kind of people. They get them aroused with whatever screwed up thing they're into and at the same time they either elects cute them make them smell rotting meat or you guessed it. A moan. So good luck the next time you try to go pull a PR because the entire time they're going to be thinking, did I just break my deusious smell this? Do I have to? Yeah. Also, did you know that caffeine is so cuck? I just assume that it caused your body to produce more adrenaline and that's what won't you up. But the actual reason it makes you feel like you never need to sleep again is it closer resembles a chemical in your brain called adenosine, which is responsible for calming and promoting sleep. That's like a goddamn candy bar. So the end of finding for the same receptor caffeine ultimately wins and adenosine sits in the corner of your brain, and in theory I just watching that receptor get worked for another five to six hours and tell caffeine is finished. It's actually a good up story type. In reality the entire time adenosine continues to build up in quantity. But the way I like to picture it is it increasingly gets more self-conscious and wonders, how did this become my life? That's why at that five to seven hour mark you feel like you hit a wall because all that adenosine finally has a chance to buy with those sloppy receptors. Hopefully that helps you drink a little less caffeine. Although some of you are pretty messed up. Speaking of plums, did you know your gym clothes could be affecting your fertility these look ridiculous? Now before you freak out and start smushing the keyboard and do that thing, one of your balls get sucked up inside of you and you have to push it down to pop it out. I'm not talking about compression. That myth came about because the reason your balls hang outside your bodies because sperm dies at body temperature. So it was thought that if you smash them up against your body and some running shorts, you're going to decrease sperm count. But that's not the case. But there was a study where they took cotton and polyester underwear and put it on dogs and noticed there was a drop in sperm adegeneres. The process of creating fertile sperm. And they actually think it's because the electrostatic potential of the polyester itself. So not only do those tight polyester underwear, make it so you have to explain to a woman. No, no, no, don't worry. My joke always looks like it melted when I wear these. They could not seem in humans yet. Potentially be affecting the amount of viable sperm you produce. I bet you started working out for the same reason I did. You saw some guy in a fitness magazine with giant arms and you realized that's the secret to getting me everything I wanted life. Cars, money. Woman in a tub full of fruit loops. But no matter how hard you worked, your results were dismal. But everyone in these damn magazines were making incredible transformations. Hey Tommy, excited about your first day of school. That's because one man changed marketing in the fitness industry forever. Bill fucking Phillips. He was the first person to take somebody who is an amazing shape and pay them to get fat. Then he reversed the before and afters. Try this out for yourself because you'll be amazed. Once you cut out the before and after pictures and switch them around the way they actually are in reality, you'll go from desperately wanting that product to hating that company. If you already knew this, then the really is no aha moment. I just didn't want some young kid who's just getting into working out to get a hold of one of these magazines. I think that's why I'm not growing because I'm not butt-chugging muscle tech. Do you have any idea how astounding and how finicky little pieces of shit muscle fibers are? If you've been trying to grow your biceps for years, but your progress is order line embarrassing, it might not be your horrible genetics. It's most likely the fact you're not stimulating those fibers completely. There's a little task for you to see if you can figure out what the hell I'm doing wrong. There's an exercise for long-head, short-head and break-y alles. What about these and my completely screwing up and ruining my life? Well for one thing, my face looks like I'm taking a shit with every rep, but that's not it. It has to do with regional muscle hypertrophy. The fibers in your muscle will actually grow at different rates depending on the exercises you do. Some cause more stress and development in the belly of the muscle. Well, others cause more growth towards the distal or proximal ends. Possibly due to different ranges of motion or how a movement affects the muscle and its relationship to gravity or how some movements are more centered around the eccentric portion. Honestly, the scientific community has no idea why this happens. They just know what happens in quadriceps, triceps, and biceps. So if your biceps suck, not only do you have to program exercises based on which muscle it's hitting, like incline curls for the long-head or cable curls for your short-head, but you also have to be present during the exercise itself. And think of my film this towards where the bicep originates, in the belly of it, or down towards the insertion point. I know, it's f***ing confusing. All I want are big biceps, so women will suck my toes. It's actually a simple fix. Once you stop standing there, doing curls like you're trying to stop a questionable fart. All you need to do is incorporate exercises that change where the force is being applied through the lever arm. Either by change in the position of your body or doing something like a drag girl. Your programs are linked below, and if you don't buy them all, you're a horrible person.

=== FILE: You're Eating Protein WRONG! [KCK9s5Aa5kg].txt ===

You've been eating protein wrong this entire time. Meaning that you could have absolutely built more muscle by prioritizing specific meals. And the age plays a huge factor in determining how much protein you should eat. Also, your protein requirements are completely different depending whether you're in a calorie surplus or in a deficit. Ooh, that was a good one. I guess they're doing that more. To help you make better decisions in terms of protein intake, I'm gonna have to give you a better understanding what's going on inside your muscle cells. And one thing's for certain for anyone who's ever studied this, the intrusalular signaling pathways are disgustingly confusing. But don't worry, you don't have to remember this entire process to be able to get some information from it. We just have to zoom in on very specific parts. Think about the first time you saw that poorly illustrated of a giant insect said class and realized that the placement of the clitoris was the exact distance as the middle joystick of your N64 controller. You still had no idea how the damn thing worked, but just getting a lay of the land made you instantly better at flicking beans. Because if you don't at least have a rough understanding of the process, you're gonna start taking it for granted and skipping meals because everything seems like magic. Take this chicken breast, for instance. If I ask most people what's the process of this getting assimilated into your muscles, most people will say, protein is basically just a mean of acid. So when you chew it, it breaks it apart like alphabet cereal and that goes into your stomach and then it goes into your muscles. If that's your answer, you're not completely wrong, but you're also slightly delayed. But when you realize that roughly 50% of the protein you ingest goes to the organs in your abdominal cavity, your liver got pancreas-spline and of the remaining 50% 40% is used in metabolic processes for energy production, your reacynthesis, and to a minor extent, neural transminer production. That means only 10% of this chicken makes it in your muscles to be used for protein synthesis. Now those percentages do vary, depending on whether you're in a positive or negative energy balance, but those exact percentages were taken from a case study where they took 12 men and did a technique called isotope labeling. This allowed them to track protein through the entire process and hopefully that gets you to open your eyes and stop missing meals asshole. Now we've all heard this from some brilliant person in our life that you can only absorb roughly around 25 grams of protein per meal. And I'll explain why that's not the case in a second. But the reason they say that 25 grams is all you can utilize is because 25 grams of high quality protein from steak, chicken, egg whites, way protein, will net you right around three grams of loosing. And loosing is the one amino acid that will dictate whether or not you grow out of those skinny jeans. All the other essential amino acids are needed, but your muscle cells have a looseine threshold that has to be met in order to initiate and maximize protein synthesis. Think about your favorite buccocicine. All of the men are the other essential amino acids, but without the woman, looseine, it's something completely different. And I know those ratios don't make sense knowing what you know now, which is half of those amino acids are lost to your liver. So how could 25 grams of protein get you three grams of loosing? Well, BCA's are largely untouched by your liver. 75 to 80% get through their special. Now in terms of high-perchity, it's important to understand that your body is constantly synthesizing new protein and breaking it down at the same time. So if in a 24-hour period, you've synthesized more protein than you've broken down than congratulations. You've created what's called protein increase in, and now you're building muscle. Now obviously, you're going to need to sustain it for more than 24 hours to see any results, but if you can do it for 24, you can do it indefinitely. Now when you start to look at the research surrounding hypertrophy, you're going to notice a lot of it is centered around M-Tor, which is an enzyme within cells that's responsible for regulating cell growth. The easiest way to think about it in terms of building muscle is that if you activate M-Tor, you are increasing protein synthesis. Also one of the things that I'll make connect the dots in terms of why loosing has a threshold is because one of the things that does is a tachystiscesstrin 2. A cestrin 2 is a cockblocker of M-Tor. So if it is attached to loosing, M-Tor can activate and initiate protein synthesis. And it's important to note that several things activate M-Tor. Mechanical tension, insulin IGF1, which should give you some insight of how powerful a peptide IGF1 is, as well as loosing. Exercise itself is catabolic. And if you don't reach that loosing threshold postwork out, you will stay catabolic. It makes you realize how stupid everything is, because everything with the nutrition label should tell you the amount of loosing in it, because that's the most important thing. And I know what you're thinking, because I had the same dumb idea. If loosing is so important, why don't I just snort that shit all day? You still need all the other essential amino acids. Otherwise the process is completely halted. Think back to the bucocchi reference. If all the other essential amino acids, those guys are out of the picture, then it's just a sad sad woman. So why did I go over all that? Because the general recommendation of 1.6 to 2.2 grams per kilogram or in America, 0.73 to 1 gram per pound is good for the general population, but it's missing a lot of context and probably not good for you. For one thing, it tells us nothing about how we should structure our meals. Should we divide the protein evenly? I'm 230 pounds. So if I wanted to eat 1 gram per pound, that's obviously 230 grams. So should I split that up evenly between five meals, which makes it 46 grams per meal? The answer is no, that was a rhetorical question. In reality, there's three meals we should be prioritized. The first one being right when you wake up, because that's when you're the most catabolic. So if you just wake up and have a few eggs, you're going to remain in a catabolic state until that next meal when the looseine threshold is finally reached. The second one being right after your workout. There is some evidence showing that a protein shake right after your workout is beneficial, but that's for novice trainees. Most of us are way beyond that point, so just wait to get home and have one of your biggest protein meals of the day. Finally, before you go to bed, because your liver constantly needs a amino acid. So if you don't have an adequate supply, it'll rob them from your muscles. I can't be the only one that shits every night before they go to bed. So what that would look like instead is meal one and meal five or 55 grams. And let's say I work out after meal two, so meal three would be 55, and meal two and meal four will be roughly around 33 grams. I know it doesn't seem like a big difference, but it matters. And I look like a f***ing elf. The reason it matters and why those nine grams can make a difference is because as you age, the rate at which you can synthesize protein goes down, but your capacity does not. That's why saying that 25 grams is the max you can utilize is a crock of shit, because it doesn't factor in age and anabolic resistance. Which simply stated is the phenomenon that as you age you require more protein per day, per meal and have a higher losing threshold to reach to be able to initiate and maximize protein synthesis. And I'm sure you've noticed this. When you were younger, you could get away with eating delicious, toast or shuddles, and you would put on muscle. But as an adult, you can eat two pounds of steak, and it doesn't even make your nipples hard. So contrary to popular belief, as you age, you need more protein. But it's important what I said before, you still have the capacity to build just as much muscle. You just need the more protein to make it for the fact that you suck at synthesizing it. Now another case study that takes a shit in paper bag, lights it on fire, and leaves on the doorstep of the idea that you can only synthesize 25 grams of protein per meal, is one where they took two groups of people had them train their entire body and gave one group, 20 grams of protein, the other group 40. The group that had 40 grams had a higher rate of muscle protein synthesis. Now the biggest aha moment from that was that training more body parts allowed you to increase muscle protein synthesis with more protein. But I would bet it's also related to intensity as well. So if you ever done one of my programs and you've almost died, then you probably would benefit from more protein, not that garbage protein bar you always eat. One thing that nobody talks about in terms of this general recommendation is, doesn't hold up in a calorie deficit, versus a surplus. Nope, no it doesn't. When you're in a calorie deficit, you're gonna be building very little if any muscle at all, and that really shouldn't even be your goal. You should be trying to maintain as much muscle mass as possible. When they looked at actual athletes, not just people they treat to come in for pizza Fridays, at planet fitness, they found they retained more muscle with an extremely high protein intake. I understand, that's an extreme amount of protein. If I ate at the top end of what they recommend, I'd be eating 322 grams a day. I can smell the bathroom now. But remember, this isn't just me saying this, this is based on different trials of people in a deficit. So if you're limiting your calories, it would be beneficial to up your protein. But again, if your goal is to grow, then you shouldn't even be in a deficit. You don't need to be an extreme surplus, but 10% if you're an experienced lifter is plenty, 20% if you're novice, because novice lifters can do whatever the hell they want. So let's wrap this up. I answer in the question whether or not there is a limit or a ceiling to muscle protein synthesis. And based upon this study, they're probably as one, but it's definitely higher than we thought. There was two groups. One had 40 grams of protein, the other had 70. The 70 gram group had higher rates of muscle protein synthesis, but just as important, if not, more they had less muscle protein breakdown. So to summarize what we've learned here today, meal frequency is more about what allows you to maximize that losing threshold. So eight meals with 20 grams is probably less effective than four at 40. When you're in a deficit, you're gonna wanna definitely eat more than the recommended amount. But when you're in a surplus, a gram per pound or even less is acceptable, but make sure you don't eat too many calories. 10% over your maintenance is perfectly fine. And I would have those extra calories coming from carbohydrates. Also make sure you prioritize and have the most protein in those three meals where you're either the most catabolic or it's going the longest between meals. So first thing when you wake up, post work out and right before you go to bed. And finally, it sucks to get old. If you guys haven't tried the new app, I'll link it below. There's a 12 week progressive overload, PPL. I'm just updated the back by science program. That's now eight weeks. I've also added the old garage program. And by the end of this week, I'm gonna have a new garage program in there. So good luck.

=== FILE: You're Training Biceps WRONG ｜ Backed By SCIENCE! [bDQlPlGe2M8].txt ===

Today we're using EMG machine to test different bicep exercises. Why is that important? Why should you even care? Well, have you ever done a cross-body hammer curl? Most people do these for the breaky alas. Turns out it's actually a horrible exercise for the breaky out. Harsely, because every time I do, I end up running into my overly developed chest. But also because when I tested it with the EMG machine, I ended up getting more activation of the long head and short head, we're going to go over all the exercises you've been basically wasting your time with and it will blow your f***ing mind. It seemed like everything I thought I knew once I tested it, turned out to be a lot. For example, it's common knowledge that incline curl hits more long head, because you're putting it in a stretch position. The fact that it crossed over shoulder, elbow joint, short head breaky alas only crossed over the elbow joint, it makes sense. That is not what happened. It's the f***ing worst. Turns out it's a battle between your breaky alas and your short head to see which one it can generate the most force. Really? What the f***? My first thought is there's no way this machine's accurate. I can't be the first doucebag to spin as money on a machine like this with a superficial goal of hypertrophy and test this and figure this out, something's wrong. Because otherwise my entire training career has been a f***ing log. Seriously, Google had it trained a long head. When the first results is always an incline dumbbell curl. And I tested it. I tested every single angle you could use on the bench. I tested the cable variation. I even had an overly muscular woman come in and verify my results. And it sucks. And this racked my brain. It doesn't make sense. It should work. You're putting that bicep in a stress position long head. It wasn't until I found this case study that I finally understood. How dumb we all are. It has been done before. And they found the same exact thing. The reason they said the incline dumbbell curl was poor in terms of long head activation is because it stretches it beyond the optimal length, leading to inefficient act in myus and coupling. Now is the science perfect? No. In fact, someone made an adorable cartoon video explaining how imperfect it is. And there's some things I agree with, but some things I definitely don't. One thing I do agree with is an EMG. This device doesn't actually measure muscle activation in measures neuromuscular excitation. But this is without a doubt the best tool we have in regards to measurement. To discard this is to discredit tens of thousands of studies. And assume there's some sort of dysfunction between the signal being said. And the muscle actually contracting. I can't control whether or not you took your flint stone vitamins. Now you're sodium potassium pump is off. And the reason I chose this exact machine is how precise it is. You can actually measure the different levels of excitability throughout the same muscle. Why is that important? Because not all exercises are created equal. And most would generate different levels of torque throughout the muscle. At various points through the range of motion. Therefore, exciting those nerve cells that are throughout your muscle with varying levels of intensity. Here's a good example. I put a sensor towards the distal and proximal end of my short hand towards the bottom and the top. This is the sensor placed at the bottom. This one is the one placed at the top. When I did a supinated bicep curl, I got a greater response and potentially greater contractile force out of the fibers at the lower end of my short head. But when I did concentration curls, I actually created a greater response and would potentially generate a greater contractile force in those fibers at the proximal end. Now does this mean you should go knock on the door of everybody who said that concentration curls are a bad exercise and put your shine a little tea bag on their forehead? Maybe. What it tells me more than anything else is that exercise variability is critical. If you don't know what to do, do a lot of things. Especially when you consider the fact that it's several of these tests on this particular one. I did the supination curl and then went right in the concentration curl. And even with fatigue factored in, I got more activation out of the upper end that proximal end of my short hand. And even though it's not a one-to-one between excitability and activation, you can't tell me that having less excitability is a fucking good thing. Another argument that drove me crazy that I saw a lot of people making is they said that incline curls were actually a great exercise. And despite of the fact that they put your long head at a disadvantage, it's because you're not factoring in passive tension. In layman's terms, it's when you stretch. You know the shit you did in elementary school P class when you cross one leg over the other and you leaned forward and you got a wiff of your own balls. That's the building blocks of an incredible exercise. Now this is what we're going to blow at the o-ring of that theory. Now I am a fan of weighted stretches and the last full gym program I just put out the end of every back and just day. We ended it with a 60 second extreme stretch under load. But they can't be the foundation of your training. If that was a case then you would just sit on the incline bench, grab a heavy ass weight and lower it for 10 minutes straight and then hold that stretch. The goal is active tension. That's what the fuck we're doing. When you think of high cable curls, you think short-hand activation, which is true when your elbows are forward. But the moment you exaggerate that external rotation and put that long head on stretch, but not to the point and actually inhibit activation like it does with the incline curl. You've now based upon EMG data, got the most activation on your long head and have that passive stretch that everybody seems to be in love with. So for me, this exercise, basically, when all the testing I've done is the best exercise for your long head. So go fuck yourself. Now let's go over what I found to be the best exercise for targeting your breaky Alice. And just so we're clear and you understand why I picked this exercise. In my opinion, if your goal is to build muscle then you should be trying to isolate down to whatever muscle you're targeting as much as humanly possible. This machine maybe relies exactly how hard it is to do that. Dammit, I blinked. Previously, I thought it was as simple as just rotating your wrist. You want to hit more short head, you take a supinated grip. Long head's neutral, prone it to his more breaky Alice. But it turns out it's a lot more complicated than that because you also have to factor in internal and external rotation of your shoulder, as well as the position of your body in relation to gravity. So good luck. But you can definitely do it, especially when you're trying to target your breaky Alice. We take a proneated grip and do a concentration curl. It almost completely turns off the activation to your long and short head. And the breaky Alice is the primary driver of the movement. And I always thought that reverse grip straight bar curls were predominantly breaky Alice, not the case. And it makes sense more you think about it because those shoulders are internally rotated and you have a proneated grip, you end up inhibiting that short head. And because you're curling up on a path that is directly in line with your long head, this actually based on all the tests I've done so far ends up being the second best exercise I've found for your long head. So to recap, the best way to really isolate down and target breaky Alice is by pairing the pronation of your wrist with the internal rotation of your shoulder. So exercises like a concentration curl with a pronated grip or that same grip with the cross body cable curl with your arm fixed against the machines. Background looks like I died. In my attempt to try to isolate the short head, I started to realize what finicky little pieces of shit those bicep muscles are because they're all trying to work and you're in this into the same job. So you really have to manipulate your form. For example, the best exercise I found is when I jam my arm up to a bench that was on a steep incline and did dumbbell curls. But I also had to make sure the elbow is slightly in front of me and I put that shoulder in external rotation because the moment I turn back in, I got more long head activation. And it had to be a supinated grip because the moment I started screw with my wrist, weird shit would happen. Also the support and angle of this bench matters because if you try to do it just standing in place, the other bicep muscles jump in and ruin your life. Now, there's still so much we can cover just with biceps alone, but I'm going to leave it up to you guys. If you think this is interesting and it adds value, we'll keep going. If you don't like what amounts to the home schooled version of scientific training, then we'll move on. And don't get mad at me. If you're home schooled, that was your mom's dumb idea. Quick, what's the capital of Arkansas? All the programs are linked below. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. The tricep version of this video will be somewhere over here. And if anybody knows someone that does drywall, that's not a piece of shit, that would be helpful.

=== FILE: You're Training Triceps WRONG ｜ Backed by SCIENCE! [KtYVMWx2iAg].txt ===

This is an EMG device. It's used to test muscle activation. Today we're going to use it to figure out what are the best tricep exercises that are actually backed by data. Science. Now before I started pinning exercises against each other to see which one is the best in terms of hitting each individual head, I thought I probably should start up by testing to see if everything we know about tricep training to be true is actually true. So I grabbed a rope extension through it on the cables and did rope extensions because we all know that those hit more lateral head than anything else. And they don't. The head mostly hits the long hand. Needless to say, I was a little bit upset. Fucking ball sack. I'm a little bit upset. I kind of lost. It's not a fucking fucking. Okay, I punted a beep. It just made me realize that everything I thought I knew in my entire lifting career was a lot. How many more lies are there? So today I'm not only going to figure out what's the best exercises for triceps, but I'm also going to go back through everything I've learned about tricep training and figure out. What's bullshit? Are dips a shit exercise? Is putting your tricep in a stretch position hit more long head or is that? Are the first $10 actually free? Winner for stone business. Let's find out. Hello, welcome to talk to me.com. Now before we get into anything else, I immediately have questions that I need answered when it comes to training with cables. I have to say, trying to figure this shit out is stressful. About halfway through, I had a midlife crisis and shaved off my beard. But I learned a lot. The biggest one being there is a way to make the rope extension emphasize the lateral head more, but it's not how I thought. Your long head is primed to jump in and take over at any point when your arm is by your side or beyond. So anywhere from zero degrees to whatever hell degrees this is. That's because the higher you raise your arm, the more you're putting that long head in the stretch position, priming it to generate force. Now because your long head passes both the shoulder and the elbow joint, you could purposely induce what is called active insufficiency. Which is just a fancy way of saying your long heads in a shortened position so it can't generate as great of a force. So your medial and lateral head have to do more work. So even with my short shitty rope, I was able to prove this by pulling my elbows back as much as I possibly could, putting that long head into shortened position and emphasize the lateral head more than anything else. So let's recap, arms by your side or slightly away from you, your long head tries to jump in and take over. Pull your arms behind you, you work more lateral head. But I was also curious what would happen if I didn't have such a shortened shitty rope. So I went to Home Depot, made an old man risk his life to cut me some rope and then I proceeded to scare my dog with Halloween decorations, then I came home and I tested it and yeah, slightly more. So if you have a longer rope at your gym and you want to hit your lateral head, that's probably what you should use. Or be a dickhead and use the only two ropes your gym has because I'm sure that girl can find something better to do than cable squats. I also found that the range of motion matters. The first two thirds of the movement, there's a fairly even distribution of force throughout all the heads of the tricep. But that last third is more isolated down to that lateral head. Even when my arms out in front of me and I'm using what I consider an excessive amount of weight to do a partial movement, I can't even barely keep my form still lateral head. So the next time I go to the gym and I see a guy training triceps with the entire stack using everything from his calves to his traps to get the weight down, I'm gonna say, hey, I guess they're right. Big dumb idiots while loud and usually smell like shit because they don't wear deodorant can still serve a purpose. And I know you may question my results, but let me just say I did a shit load of testing. And after I tested with every single handle, even the dumb ones, this is what I learned. Straight bar with an overhand grip, no surprise, mostly long head. What was a surprise was my alarm going off to tell me to take the trash out to the street yesterday. Also that if you want one of the best moments for your long head, any other shoulder flexibility, taking a reverse grip of that straight bar is amazing. And after I made a graveyard of cable attachments, I found out that while the first two thirds of a robo extension might be an even distribution of force throughout the heads, not the case with the straight bar. If you isolated down to the first initial part of the contraction that first third or even first quarter of the movement, it's all long head. So again, shout out to all those big dumb idiots of the gym that lift weight to heavy and barely move the weight. Turns out you guys matter. And if you're somebody that likes to use an easy bar attachment, you should take a wide reverse grip because it has the same exact activation pattern. As if you take a pronated close grip, it hits that medial then long, then lateral head. But you're able to generate even more force with that wide reverse grip. Now when it comes to tricep press downs, which I think are kind of dumb. You have to use so much weight, you're feeling your abs more than anything else. There is something interesting there. The wider your hands go, the more it hits your lateral head. We're gonna use that information later. Now time for the good stuff. We're gonna pit exercises against each other to see which ones are actually the best. Not based upon what some douchebag told you, we're gonna look at the numbers. I don't know why I'm up here. That was dumb. I don't know, I kinda like it. And I'm old school. There's no March man is bracket. I'm from the air that when you sort fought with a kid now, the elementary school, the loser had to drop out of school. His parents had to move. So this is a one-in-done. That is shit, street on my face. First up, cable straight bar push downs. Versus the dip variation I'm gonna do on the Smith machine. Between these two, it's a tough call. In terms of limiting long head activation and getting more out of your lateral head, then the dip variation is a clear winner. But it really comes down to what you believe is the most important in terms of growth. If you believe you should fully stretch and relax the muscle each time before you contract, then you should do press downs. And if you think that's dumb and who gives a shit, it's just time under tension, then do the dip variation. Because it is an uglier contraction. That lateral head's also trying to stabilize the entire time, so you don't fall in your face. But it is a more intense one. Even though you're gonna look like an asshole and if somebody asks you if you're using the Smith machine, you have to say, of course I am jerk off. I'm obviously doing dips on it. It's not a great luck. Next up, we have good old fashioned dips, versus close grip pushups. This one's an easy one. You can tell just by looking at the signals themselves, which one's more intense. Close grip pushup looks tough, fairly good contraction. Dips, holy hell. The next sword fight is between a close grip bench with your elbows tucked in. Versus a close grip bench with your elbows flared out. This one to me was surprising. For instance, this isn't a contraction. This is me lowering the weight during a negative, but randomly certain muscles have to jump in and contract, just to stabilize the weight. And this happened with both variations. Random heads would jump in and contract, as I was going into the negative to help stabilize. So it was a tough choice. But because the contract was more intense with the tuck version, and because the signal of the elbows flared version looked like hot garbage, tuck is a clear winner. The next P to P is a dumbbell French press, versus an easy bar French press. Oh, stuck. Both were pretty great, but I'm going to go with the dumbbell version because it lit up your long head more than most every other exercise I've tried. Also because I said screw it and try to go really heavy and it did what you might expect. It definitely got a more intense contraction on the long head, but I don't know what the hell the medial and lateral head were doing. It were basically just sitting there shaking like hell trying to stabilize the weight. So the lesson is, yes, if you go heavier, you're going to get a more intense contraction, but you'll also fuck everything up. And then finally, we have a dumbbell kickback, versus the cable variation. Let's just take a second and thank all the douchebags who said that the long head is the most active during this movement because it's clearly not. On both variations, it's the least. And I know somebody doesn't say, well, it's because you didn't twist your wrist or you didn't do a reverse grip. I try those two. Both suck. At the end of the day, cables get the most intense contraction, so they win. But in reality, we all lose because we thought it was the long head getting the most work out of these. We suck. And if you liked this video, make sure you buy one of the programs linked below because surprisingly, a lot of this shit is in there, like partial reps. It's kind of dumb luck, but good job me.

=== FILE: You're Training WRONG! [6p5ZhtHqiHo].txt ===

This is me. And this is me working out. Which probably doesn't look all that different from the way you look when you work out. I wear mismatch Costco socks, make awkward noises, and I push myself to the point of almost dying with every set. But what if I told you we're doing it wrong? What? Potentially. Instead of ending the set with a concentric contraction and rocking, wait whenever possible, go into the east centric and hold that stretch for an extended period of time. Sounds crazy, but there's some merit to it. The concept is called Intercept stretching. Instead of resting after your set, you go right into a loaded stretch. And I don't know where I first heard about this concept, but I think it's fascinating because we'll do anything to kick our own ass. Drop set, super said, giant set. But I've never thought about using stretching as one of the primary ways to induce hypertrophy. See if you can see my thick wife baking in there. And before anybody freaks out and says, I thought stretching before and during your workout was bad. Decreases force output could cause potential injury. Yeah, stretching before can be detrimental. If it's passive, which by definition is when you're focused on muscle and tendon flexibility and overall joint mobility. Think of it as a relaxed muscle at length. A loaded stretch, which is what we're talking about here is when your simultaneously lengthening and contracting a muscle while under load. If we look at it at the microscopic level, the good old mouse and actin scissors sisters, you're going to see that during a passive stretch, there's very little interaction. So it's easier to overstretch a muscle, cause damage to the fibers and connective tissue. Now, in the other hand, when the muscles contracted while stretching, those miles and heads are still interacting with those actin filaments, generating force and tension, tension. I can barely speak. I don't know how I do this for a living, especially. Now, it's critical you go into the loaded stretch after your last eccentric. There can't be any lag or rest in between. And the reason behind that has to do with... It has to do a tight and stiffness in the crossbridge theory. It gets a little sciencey, but it's important to know. Yeah. Yeah. But before we continue today is a big day. Potentially the biggest day of my life. Beg her than any picture day or the day I married my thick wife. Today's the day I stopped being one of the pores who wiped their ass by using primitive means, and I got myself a bedday. And believe me, this was no easy decision. I spent weeks comparing models looking at different features, but you know what sold me? Chris fucking Valentine's glorious review. And I quote, I almost blew it an o-ring from 2am Chinese food, and for the first time my life I didn't have to hop in the shower and waffle stopped the rest of the shame away. That's... That's beautiful. Technically this is my first ever tech review on this channel. So let's go through some of the features and see what this bad boy can do. Man, does this company know its target market? How do I know this is perfectly designed for the man who takes the explosive shit? Well, the sprayer itself will actually turtle itself back inside that way it doesn't get caked with shit. It's genius. Spent the entire day doing yard work? That's alright. Just click the front button and it'll take the cheese right off your goot. Maybe you want a little bit nostalgia in your life. Trip down memory lane. Well, let's take it back to high school football that nice fresh cut grass and the sprinklers. You can have that for your butt hole. Not bad. Gone are the days of hoarding Costco toilet paper because now you have a fan for your ass. I guess the only thing left to do now is... Not bad. Not bad. Not bad. Who? Things got a bit of a kick. Well, not got a little out of hand. Where was I? Tighten a giant protein within the sarcomer which is the smallest function of Unidivomassified. Replace a roll in the landing the mouse and acting as well as stiffness of the muscle. Think of it like a spring within the sarcomer. The stiffness of the tighten increases as the muscles being stretched. Parade that with the contracted or loaded stretch. Now you've enhanced mechanical tension which we know is the driving force for muscle high Perch. You guys care about this for a weekend to scientific. Comment below. The crossbridge theory explains how during a contraction or way that stretch the mouse and head still in the rack of the act in filaments. Generating force and tension and contributing to time and attention. It's kind of a big deal. And pair that with the fact they've done studies where people take a break and then do a loaded stretch and there is no benefit in terms of hypertrophy. That's why you got to do it right after your last e-centre. Now I'm a giant toddler. So the first thing I did when I heard about this concept was using on everything. After for the back exercise I do dead hangs. After chest presses I try to tear my chest apart. Try steps. You name. The problem is the research just doesn't support training like that. The study that saw a significant improvement in terms of hypertrophy is one where they took a group of men. And how to do planar flexion exercises. Calf raises. Half rested. The other half went right into a 20 second weighted stretch. Once it did the stretch saw a significant improvement. Not in their gastroke. Nothing happened there. In the soleis. Which is awesome because I would love to have some Asian calves. And this is interesting finding because the soleis is mostly a slow twitch or Type 1 fiber must meaning that it produces low power contractions over a long period of time. Air roll bake fatigue resistant. Which makes sense for walking around on a mall day. They're also typically really resistant type perchrophy. So this could be a breakthrough. It's finally get those Midwestern mom calves. Now I've got nothing better to do with my life. So many continued to test this on different body parts across different exercises. But if you wanted to be on the safe side and line up with the research. Do it on muscles that you think are predominantly full of type 1 fibers. Now that's mostly genetic has to do a training style. But for the most part those are posture muscles. So the soleis is good one. But maybe you have really little legs. I don't know you're a door. Can you rent cross country half your life. If you have little quads this might be worth a test. What do you have to lose? They already suck. If you're curious about the exact protocol the first thing you do is pick and exercise that it's safe to do it on. See the calf raises is a great option because once you're done you don't have to flex it back up. You can just let it slide off your knees and rack itself. And this is something you're going to do after every single set. So say you have four sets here. Yeah, it's a pin in the ass. You have to pick it up off the ground and re-rack it. But again, it's worth a shot. And in terms of the amount of time you should hold the stretch. The research says anywhere from 20 to 30 seconds. It doesn't sound like a lot. But just holding this now and I haven't done this set yet. This sucks. I'll be sure to give it up in a couple of months and as always program is a link below 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Fuck. Whatever. Screw this. I'm going to go wash my ass again.

=== FILE: Zero Calorie Foods For Weight Loss (Shut Up Kevin!) [JxZUYueO5cI].txt ===

Alright, today we're going to go over whether or not zero calorie foods actually affect your ability to lose fat. Let's get after it. So, I thought this would be a fun, quick, and insightful video to make because we've all been there before. You're dieting, you're starving, and you're about this close to punch somebody in the neck. Good news is, nowadays there's a lot of low and no calorie options that will help you fill that void. She don't run over somebody with your car. Problem is, there's a lot of good options, a lot of bad ones that leave you bloated, uncomfortable, and some that will literally make you piss out of your ass. So, let's break it down. Let's start with my favorite diet soda. Because I'm sure you've had this experience before where you go with your friends, even though you're on a strict diet, you know you're not going to eat, but you're trying to be a good friend. And to keep your sanity your order of diet coke, and that one friend that everybody actually hates pipes up and says, you know, those are actually worse for you than regular soda. They cause cancer. Now, deep down inside, you know they're wrong, just based upon their fat little chubby face, but you've never done the research, so you can't really verbalize why. So you just go with the reliable, and one cares what you think, Kevin, and I couldn't either. So I dug in. Here's the truth. The fear they want you to feel deep down in your plums actually isn't for asthma payments, what it breaks down into specifically, methanol. Now, the issue with methanol is it metabolizes in a known carcinogen from aldehyde, but our bodies produce a thousand times more from aldehyde than you could ever get from asthma tame. And it can't be stored up in your body. It's used in a ton of different processes. And whatever you don't use, you piss out. Here's a good quote to remember. There's been no reliable studies that link asthma tame to cancer. You know, said that. Those tricky bastards over at cancer.org. Can't be trusted. So the next time Kevin pipes up, relay that to him. And maybe sprinkle in a little bit of it. You know, it has been linked together. I threw those corn syrup and your chubby ass cheeks. IE diabetes. And the verdict would die, so it is. It's perfectly safe and effective way to fight those hunger pains that make you want to kill everybody. Next up on the list, low calorie vegetables. And never fails. You mentioned vegetables and then somebody jumps in the comments and says, all vegetables are good for you. Sure, they are. Go eat a bowl of peas and take an app. There's actually a lot of great low calorie options when it comes to vegetables. But choose wisely because if you have a re-t and raw broccoli, then you've also spent the rest of your night repeatedly checking your own oil. Trying to release some of that painful gas. That's because broccoli is most asparagus, cauliflower, and quite a few other vegetables are cruciferous vegetables, which have raffinocene, which is a sugar that our body doesn't have the enzyme to break down. So you can't just lightly steam those and expect not to have a lot of fat. And expect not to feel like you're dying. You have to steam those vegetables for a significant amount of time to help break down that sugar, or by digestive enzyme that has alpha. Galactosides. And it. But your best bet is probably staying away from those and sticking to the low calorie green vegetables that everybody can handle. Your pickles and cucumbers. Vertic is on low calorie vegetables. Good and effective, but choose wisely because you can replace that hunger pain with actual pain. All right, lastly, let's go over the more explosive zero calorie options. You've got your Walden farms like sludgy, dressings and surups and your magic noodles. The Walden farms is made with xantham gum, which is actually used as a laxative. And the sure talk of your magic noodles is a soluble fiber that's incredibly absorbent. And it can expand 50 times its size as it passes through your digestive tract. So both of them are going to make you pee out of your butt. And as much as I'd like to say the verdict is they're awful for you. Truthfully, they're not going to really affect your dieting because eventually you're going to get tired. It pissing out of your ass and you're going to stop taking them. But in moderation, they're perfectly fine. So what did we learn today? First, no one gives a shit with Kevin. Thanks. Second diet. So it's fine. Just make sure caffeine intake doesn't get out of control. Third, choose your vegetables wisely. Finally, Walden farms makes one hell of a laxative. But it's okay. And if you need help kicking your ass, I'll leave the links to the programs below. Both of them only 20 bucks and they will absolutely kick your ass. And if you need to unfat yourself, I'd watch this video. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Don't do so.

=== FILE: ＂My Arms Aren't GROWING!＂ (THIS WILL FIX THAT) [CS051dubedo].txt ===

All right, today we're going over why your arms aren't grown because when it comes to other body parts, I'm open to being wrong. But when it comes to training arms, this is absolutely the best way. Let's get after it. So I wanted to make this video for a couple of reasons because one, I still have a lot of people that reach out and say, hey, I love your arm videos, but exactly how many seconds should we rest between each set? Should I be kind of my breath? What brand to stopwatch the use? So I'll give you a clear and specific answer to those. And the second thing is, which I'm sure you've had happened to you, whatever reason you walk into the gym and you just destroy yourself and have an incredible workout. Now, usually that's fueled by some sort of tragedy in your life, like you lost your job or you find another man's in the fucking your wife's purse, but for me, I just started that first set of arms and I thought, wait a minute, this is not what they respond best too. I can train other body parts this way and get some growth out of them, but I know my arms, most people I've ever trained in the past, respond to a ridiculously painful pump. What I mean by that is you got to collapse time. Typically when you're done with the set, you drop the weight, rest of the second, maybe swipe some people, text, whatever. I'm arguing that with arms, do the exact opposite. The more you limit your rest, the more growth you're going to get. For instance, if it takes you 30 minutes to train arms, I'm not only expecting to train them in 20 minutes, but get in more volume as well. And this is where the questions come in. If you're doing that many different exercises and basically you're not resting at all, how do you track progress? It really depends on what you consider progress. If that's lifting a certain amount of weight and slowly increasing that over time, then yeah, you're not going to make progress. But for me, that's not an important factor. I rather go off, is the muscle growing and am I walking out of the gym with some sort of a prior pessimistic of the arms. And before I go over exactly how it's structured my workouts to get the most amount of volume in the shortest time possible, I thought you guys would make a good test audience because I shot a rise at last week. And I'm never quite sure if I go too far with my joke, so you'd be the judge. Last year was tough on us all, but this year's going to be different. And it starts by hitting the gym. Turns out it's going to be harder than you thought. Apparently, in today's day and age, it's illegal to go to the gym. I think we need to start using code words. It would your plans later do. You want to go to the gym? I mean, liquor store, casino. I'm going to go burn down a target. That's what here at Rise. We decided we're sending everybody a free sample of our best selling and strongest pre-workout. Just click the link below. We're going to rise subs.com slash free, pitching a couple of bucks for shipping, and we'll send that to you ASAP. Because we know exactly how hard it is to stay motivated and work at it home. Starts off great, but... Or maybe you're thinking, that's not working. Instead, I'll go for a nice run. Oh, you didn't hear? That's also illegal. Now you're not just running to improve your overall health and fitness. Now you're running to avoid being arrested and a $5,000 fine. Why are we doing this? Because we think we have the best pre-workout in the market. We know if you try it, you'll think so too. Just go check out our website and see the hundreds of five-star reviews. Now, keep in mind, we feel to have the really bad ones because those are from the same people that try to eat the salt packets that come inside the supplements. So click the link below. We're going to rise subs.com slash free and get your sample today. So a thought process and structuring on an arm day is you want to take yourself out of the equation because given the chance to rest, you will. That's why giant sets are a great option. And if you think I can't do four consecutive exercise for Biceps, you're just going to blow up and you need to build up to that, then don't. You're not limited to it. It's just a giant set in name. You can actually do two Biceps exercises, two Tri-Saps are alternate back and forth. The idea is you're just pushing a ton of blood and not giving yourself a chance to rest. There's one specific style of set that is starting to do anything but walk away when you're done. And that's Drop-Sets. So much blood and pain that muscle that all you want to do is kick the person next to you in the back of the head. But assuming you're like most people in your triceps or stronger than your Biceps, you can use that to your advantage and screw yourself on purpose. So you can start up by doing a Drop-Set with triceps and that weight you end with will be that starting weight for your ascending set of Biceps and then you're just going back and forth until something horrible happens. If you're thinking this is a little too intense for me. You got anything you start me out with that has some training wheels on it? Absolutely. In that case, I would do unilateral work where you take the rest out in between. So for instance, you're doing a single arm bicep curl, hit that left arm and then go to that right arm and then keep going back and forth for everybody sets you to find. It's three four sets and there's no rest until you're done with the exercise. In all reality, even that's going to probably make you rest less than you normally would. Because usually you'll hit that left arm, right arm, look around, scratch yourself, left arm, right arm, pick your f***. Don't feel like this video. Here's my two favorites. One for biceps, one for triceps, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell. And if you want that rise deal, I'll leave a link in probably the first comment. You can get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-10T06:29:15.738784Z ===
