All right, today we're going to have some great shoulder exercises. And if your goal is to give those big round, bolder shoulders, then you're going to want to add these in. And if you don't, don't complain to me a month from now when you still look like a 12 year old in that tank top, I tried to help. Those of you guys who really know me know that I drove a bus for 30 years in my life. So an exercise like the bus drivers isn't even dear to my heart. But even though it's one of my favorites, I'm still constantly trying to improve it because with that one specifically, when people get tired, they start to drop those arms and try to use those biceps to rotate the weight. And the way we fix that is by locking ourselves into place on an incline, puts those delts in a mechanical disadvantage. But also makes it harder for any other supporting muscle groups to jump in unless you really screwed up. And if we increase the incline of that bench a little bit, we can use that same thought process for front races because we've all seen those people that use way too heavy at dumbbells. And they're just throwing it up. It's people in my favorite. I just sit behind them. Any install, just waiting for them to lose grip. Hopefully they jack the mirror some unexpected person. And you got options. If you want to hit dumbbells unilaterally, you can do that. You can do what I'm doing, which is a straight bar. That way I can decide if I want to hit the anterior dealt more by grabbing nice and close or if I want to try to push it more than that lateral head, my moving those hands wider and wider. And then from there, just figuring out what range of motion destroys that dealt the most. So if you want to know those people that has a hard time connecting with that side, dealt no matter what you do, what angle you take, the moment you start coming up, that trap locks up and says, nope, f*** you. This one's for you. The issue is if you haven't figured it out yet is that you relax position where that arms directly by your side isn't actually relaxed. That shoulder's so rolled forward that that trap isn't in perma flex no matter what you do. It's going to engage. Now obviously you're going to need somebody to go in there and break that up and it's on you to actually work and bring those shoulders back. But in the meantime, you can still hit those delts by working around that trap. And the way we do that is since we know your relaxed position pisses it off, we're going to lean slightly forward. That's going to cause that trap to disengage. And you're going to do what essentially looks like a wide grip upright row that you're pulling into your rear dealt. But as you get halfway up, you sit nice and tall and finish the contraction off into that lateral head. So you used to be a big fan of overhead presses when I was younger but it only takes one experience when you're driving up the weight continues to go up but your shoulder drops here is awful crack. Your pre-init's just a sharp echoing off whatever synthetic material they wrap the pads in the machine in but deep down in your heart, you know, it's not the case. And I'll still do them but in a very different way. I'll put tens on the straight bar and do them as slow and controlled as possible. And this is one of those rare occasions where I'll lock it all the way out. I'm trying to increase flexibility so opening up that chest, those shoulders but also when the arms locked out, that dealt with fully flex. And it is painful and disheartening to know that you got some lightweight on there and you're shaking like an ***hole. Let's finish off I go over one for rear adults because just like side delts those traps can jump in and ruin your life. And hopefully by this point you got back your access to cables but even if not just grab a band and it'll still tear them up. And what I want you to do is lock your elbow completely out so you have to think about it. That's not a factor. And then I want you to try a couple different angles because there's going to be one where it's just that rear delt there's no trap or anything else but it's probably not going to be what you expected. And for those of you who went through the 30-day program I'm proud of you while simultaneously questioning your judgment but if you haven't got a chance check it out. There's a link below. Also if you haven't got to watch these two videos and watch those next but most importantly make you subscribe hit the notification bell and get after it get growing. Dr. You soon.