All right, today we're going to the most unrated dumbbell exercises. And yeah, we're going to take some people off because the true thirds, let's get after it. All right, keyboard warriors get those knuckles warmed up because we're starting off with dumbbell flies. And I will gladly argue on the side of flies on this one because it's a phenomenal exercise. Yeah, if you do them the way I've seen some people show which is a gross exaggeration where you're almost perfectly straight. The entire time, it's a horrible exercise. But what kind of psychopath does flies with their arm perfectly straight? You don't do that in dumbbells. You don't do it when you're on cables. That's not a fly. That's like saying, don't do dead lifts because they're too dangerous. You got the potential to exaggerate the lock out, the momentum will carry backwards and you'll wind up with your head up your head. Also, who decided that danger should be a deterrent? It's dangerous to shave your balls, but it's worth it. You really want to go in a date and have to come up with a fictitious story on the spot to explain away why your junk looks like the map from Jamaji. You see the thing is, I was poor growing up. Oh, my parents couldn't afford to feed me was miracle grow. But if you can look past this or have some sort of weird infatuation with chia pets, I think we're going to make it. But there are things you can do to turn this already good exercise into a great one. First, air in the side of having more of a bend than the elbow than less. I rather feel more like a barrel press to you than a straight arm fly. Because all you're trying to do is let that demo slightly drift away to put more stress on that chest and put more onus on it to stabilize and contract it up. Second, play around with the angles. They go from everything from elbow position to height to the actual angle of the bench. Because everybody's going to have an angle that they connect with the most. Third, take the top out. There's no stress from gravity at that point and most people use it as an excuse to rest. And finally, in probably my favorite tip is utilize these in the middle or towards the end of your workout. Because you do these after you have a ton of blood in that chest, you will feel the most painful disgusting stretch. Oftentimes, I'll sit there and hold it for two seconds at the bottom. Make sure I'm really connected that chest. It's just tearing it up and then flex up from there. The connection is like nothing else. And if you're still worried about entering your shoulder after that heart to heart, let me give you the cold heart truth. Most people don't enjoy their shoulder by doing dumbbell flies or even in the gym. 95% of shoulder injuries either come while you sleep or while you're vigorously masturbating in the shower. That's the truth. All right, let's go over some underrated dumbbell leg exercises because everybody needs a little more leg development. Starting out with the reverse dumbbell lunge. When you think about that, you probably go down the same rabbit hole I do. You think reverse lunge, then you think 80s jazz-versized videos. And then, inevitably, you watch that one video where you rub your instructor far to the camera. But in actuality, these are a great exercise. And obviously, there's a caveat because regular reverse lunges are riddled with floss. So instead, we're going to take the hand on the same side of your working and you grab onto something. That way you can keep constant tension on that gluten hamstring. But also keep that off-lake off the ground the entire time. It's a horrible experience. I think most people make the mistake of comparing these to sumo deadloats, which they're not. You're never going to have heavy enough dumbbells to justify it. So instead, this is about really connecting with those glutes. And the way you do that is manipulating your form. A couple things to know here. First, this dumbbells are your new best friend. It's your counterweight. It's going to allow you really connect with those glutes. Second thing is, most of the moment comes from your hips. Try to keep your quads out of it. So mostly, you're going to hinge at those hips. And then finally, during the negative, you're going to dry back at a 45 degree angle and try to stretch those glutes as much as possible. Oh, last thing, if you do have access to a GM, make sure you go up to the mirror and do them in front of the benches just to make everybody else's life miserable. If you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program that will surely make you vomit, I'll leave a link below. But most importantly, watch these two videos next. If you haven't, and like, subscribe, hit that notification bell. Get after it, get growing. Doctoration.