Just when you thought I couldn't look like any more of an **** can always get worse. Alright, today we're going to the most efficient way to train your traps because if you're just on the end of shoulder day, probably means you suck your training shoulders and you feel a lot of the exercises in your traps anyway, so you figure why not. Or if you're doing two or three exercises on a back day, you're wasting a lot of precious time you could be using a bit of bigger wider back, so I'm going to show you to turn your warm-up sets for back into some ridiculous trap exercises. You ready? Let's get after it. So first things first, we had to go over the anatomy of the muscle because there's a lot of guys that look like those wrestling buddies, we used to power up on the shit out of his kids because they look great from the front, but once they turn to the side, they disappear. And that's because there's sole focus is on developing that upper trap, which is responsible for elevating the scapula, I.e. the guy at the gym that does heavy shrugs and makes loud noises. But they end up neglecting the middle, which is responsible for bringing the scapula closer to the midline or add action and lower, which compresses the scapula. But those true, the ones we can be the most efficient with and hit them without adding any additional exercises. And I can't stress this enough. Don't skip these because down the road, you're going to run into issues with your posture and even more important than that, you're going to look stupid. So let's start with that mid trap because we know that any movement you do where your hands are away from your body and you pull them towards you, you're going to get some engagement. Those scaps can be forced in and even if you wanted to screw it up, you couldn't. But we also know that unless you're a reckless asshole, you're going to do at least one more upset. So instead of just talking that up to a wasted set, we can break the movement down into two separate parts and really make you count. So to start it out, you're going to keep a slight bend of those elbows, pull those shoulders back and flex your traps. And you'll quickly find that this actually becomes a working set because even though it's a very short movement, it's incredibly taxing. And then from there, you finish off the row. Because those traps already engaged, it puts on us on the rest of your back to contract to wait up and that lightweight, you're warming up with is now kicking your ass. And it makes matters even worse as you roll back the contraction in those traps intensifies even more. And if you're good, you're probably only going to burn one warm-up set per exercise, but you're going to find there's a lot of movements on back day. They have the exact same path. So even though that CD cable rows of my favorite way to do this, I'm still going to do it on my warm-up set of line dumbbell rows or table rows or anything similar. But with that being said, if this is something that's underdeveloped on you, don't be afraid to throw into second set because even though we're doing this for traps, the rest of your back is going to hate you as well. So since we know that those lower traps compress any movement where our hands are above our heads and we're pulling straight down is a great candidate for that same style of warm-up set. Like a lap pulled down or a bent-assisted pull-up. Except pull-ups. Unless you're one of those Mick-a-Lobaltre men in your incredibly light and you can do 50 of them. You're going to go to do them 15 to 4. And I still work these in quite a bit, but that's because of my own self-hatred. Instead, I would do your regular set of pull-ups and then do these after or do a couple before and then go right into your set. And for upper traps, I find the best thing is to load up the bar and do nice slow controlled dead lifts. You should already inherently be a part of your back day. If they're not, you probably can't do dead lifts. If that's the case, I would do some direct work by grabbing a dumbbell and doing unilateral shrugs. That way you can only contract up but wrap that trap around your body, get a better contraction. And then you're doing a unilateral use. You can focus on each side and make sure you grow them evenly. Oh my God, shave your hand. And as for the reason I shave my hand, as my hair started to get thinner I thought, that's a fight. I only want to try to win. And the only thing I could relate it to is, when you're a young man, you go to the strip club. It is your goal to get a number. I don't know why it's just every young man's goal. And tell you actually do. You invite her to meet you at the mall and you realize, without the club lights and all the glitter, she's not a catch. Now, not only do you regret all the money you spend on lap dances, but you also regret buying her that fucking whetzless pretzel as well. Also, if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30 day garage program, I'll leave a link to that below. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you need more ideas for different trap exercises, here's a video. Also another one for back, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.