Alright, today we're going over the most efficient way to train your apps because let's face it. Most of us love pizza more. And we know it's all diet. So even in times we fall off the wagon and eat like an A-hole, we still got a train him, otherwise you're going to run into issues with your posture. So let's make it efficient. Let's get after it. So if you're watching this video thinking, what's this? I thought you're going to release the program today. Don't freak out. It's live. It's just not in my nature to make a simple video stating the obvious. I always want people to walk away, learning a little, laughing a little. So that's what this is. This video is for the every man who's favorite past time is going out to overeat with their wife and then head and home and going out like similar wrestlers. Don't act like you've never done that before. I'm sure you've been on a date that you didn't think was going anywhere. So you decided, I'm going to stuff my face and then she invites you over. Oh, and when you get to her house, the first thing she does is take off her clothes. The first thing you think is, oh, that's neat. She likes to take her clothes off too before she takes a shit. And then you realize she wants to have sex with you. All right, as long as you count me barely moving and profusely sweating and cleansing my butt cheeks the entire time to find out dangerous farts of sex. I'm in. Where in the fuck was I going with that point? It's supposed to be an ab video. So the key to be a more efficient way through training is kicking your ass and the shortest amount of time possible. And to do that, we're going to list the help of giant sets because with abs, it's one of those body parts. We can't just shorten the rest period between the same exercise because you go from doing 20 reps to three. But if you're doing a giant set and you change the exercise, you can kind of delay falling off the cliff. So everything we're doing is on the decline bench and we're starting out with crunches. Nice part about these is you control the difficulty. You want to make it harder, you lean back more, create more of an angle. When making it easier, stay nice and tall. But the key is, as you want some extension and flexion with that, don't just sit there, crents forward, locked in place, holding the static contraction. That's like you hold back one of those dangerous farts. See, that's why it all comes around. Once you fail on those, drag your ass back to the top, take your couple deep breaths, and then we're going to lean right back and start working that transverse plane hitting those obliques. If you did those correctly, you should get to the point where you crashed down and you don't have much left. So what we're going to do is crunch forward, barely moving, and then just slightly lift those shoulders off. That was even harder to do. And then we're hopping to the other side, doing leg lifts. Congratulations. We've just created five minute abs because three rotations of that and you're done. You're done. So like I said, the new full gym programs live, the links in the description. So if you're ready to kick your ass, also if you need help with your diet, another one of my favorites, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell. And get after a gig rolling, talk to you soon.