All right, today we're going to the biggest mistakes I see people make when trying to put on muscle. Do one of these, you have less than optimal results. Do a combination of these. You're screwed. Let's get after it. I want to be a little bit more specific today because most people don't focus on the right macro when it comes to growth. They think carbohydrates are the secret. Somehow just if I have an eight cups of rice a day, think they're putting a muscle. No, just jumping. For me, protein is the end all be all. I actually try to limit carbohydrates as much as possible. Don't put them in pre-repost work out because I think the importance of that has been overstated. I think the real foundation comes from hitting your protein numbers consistently every day, whether it's a gram per pound or maybe for you, test, figure it out and then consistently hit it. So I know you can't have too much protein. I was a kid that would hear this information and think, okay, I'm going to set a world record. Try to get a thousand grams in a day and then turn my stomach inside out. Don't do that. We went to a new gym recently and before we started my girlfriend ran into the bathroom, she comes back her eyes with this big, she's completely pale and she goes, oh my god, that is the worst smell. I've ever slept my life. She's a walk back there. There was a girl there and I don't know if she was just too embarrassed to come out or she was in mourning for whatever just happened because when I walk back there, she ran out. Then three minutes later, we see her posing her ass in front of the mirror for Instagram followers. I just thought, man, if those followers could know what just came out of that ass unfollowed. The funny thing is we're working out next to her in her coachwalks up one of those brilliant bodybuilding coaches. Looks that her goes, maybe look pretty good. We need to double your protein. That poor girl, she's dead. There's no way her butt could survive that. Alright, let's go over some of the biggest mistakes I see people make in the gym. For me, unlocking somebody's growth potential has to do with developing that mind muscle connection. When I'm training somebody, I'm constantly tweaking their form, asking her to connect in with it, but really looking at their face and knowing that moment when their muscles is just killing them, one on the right track. I don't care if I show you an exercise or somebody else does online. If you try it, then you don't connect with it and then beginning, it's not for you. Just take three or four exercises, you really connect with it and start there. Eventually, you'll be able to connect with that muscle enough. Really know how to tweak your form in a way that you can do any exercise and instantly have that mind muscle connection. Another issue I see is with training intensity. It's not how much weight you can move. For me, I'm a huge proponent of pushing yourself to failure and beyond. I know everybody's not a huge fan of that. They get to necessarily grow, but every client I've ever used it on got results. And just from a common sense standpoint, you want your body to continue to evolve, grow and adapt, then just push it beyond what it wants to be pushed. And lastly, people aren't specific enough with their training. I have a lot of people reach out and say, hey, I train upper body three times a week, little body twice a week, then just smash all the muscle groups together and hope to get results. And I've done that. You develop a nice, well-rounded, smaller physique. You want to get bigger, you've got to get each muscle, the time and attention it needs to grow. All right, let's finish off with a touchy subject for some people getting blood work done. It would baffling when I get a new client in and they would say, you know, haven't felt like it made progress in the last 10 years. I feel like I'm a normal guy. I'm 45, angry, tired, I scream, cry, every S, P, C, A commercial. I just can't figure it out. Never thought I'd get blood work done. And that's the thing. If you don't know what's going to internally, you could be working to get some insurmountable odds. You can do everything else right. And if your hormones are off, you're going to make no progress whatsoever. It's always baffling to the conversation that people have are natural or not because to me, it's an aspect of way of looking at things. Unless you're a professional athlete, it's just about getting yourself healthy and back in a normal range. And I hate to break it to you. You're probably not making the Olympic curling team. And it's simple. You get your blood work done and you test everything. Every thyroid, testosterone, estrogen, panel, you can get. And if something's low, if I'm a doctor, you get treatment. If it's not low, you're good to go. You're going to make progress. But if it is low and you want to hide behind the fact that, you know, I want to stay natural. I'm going to stay natural. Naturally f***ed up. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment in the video I'm going to do next. Get after a good grown. Talk to you soon.