All right, today we're going to get back into and dive even deeper into the commistics. They see people make when trying to put on muscle. So instead of just laying your head down at night praying to sweet little baby Jesus to put it in, turn your arms. Let's just identify the problems you can stop screwing it up. So it's easy. You ready? Let's get after it. So every time I meet with somebody, we're digging into the reasons why they're not getting the results. They want why they're not putting on muscle. It's usually a couple of different things, but more often than not, there's always some major flaw with their diet. And that comes in a couple of different forms. The first being that there is no structure. The person just goes throughout their day, trusty, healthy, make good decisions, but here we're in this. Think of all the dumb that you've justified in your life. All wait. I'm sure a couple of those things came with a tattoo as well. Don't worry me too. So it's easy to see how several times during the day you can easily justify having some bad food like when you have enough energy, you're feeling weak. Maybe you got a car below with an entire pizza before you work out. Or even worse, you're hiding under the guys that being intuition eater. In that case, just changing the interview to right now because you're. Who the hell puts away weight like the next comes in the form of person as an incredible structure, but horrible consistency. And I can't emphasize with this because anybody really takes this seriously. We'll tell you that that hour you spend in the gym is no more near as hard as this 23 hours outside of the gym. That's where the work is done. So to make it a little bit easier in yourself, all you do is strip away all the variables. So see you have a diet or meal plan. It gives you a bunch of different options. So you have a couple of things to breakfast, lunch, whatever it may be. Strip all that away and make it very clear that you only have one thing for each meal. Right? So say breakfast is a protein shake. That's all you can have lunch. If you can have lean protein source and then 30 grams of carbs, pick your protein source, pick your carbs source and don't change it. The next thing is always be prepared. Now the business owners may not know this, but every place I go consistently, I always hide a little Ziploc bag of protein. So if you're the gym you find one under treadmill, that was me. Or if you're at Safeway and you just grab the last box of golden grams, you find one there. Awesome. And the last one and probably the most frequent offender is the person who's not willing to sacrifice short-term happiness for their long-term goal. And I get it. Don't enjoy life. But if this is you, the only way you're going to make it change is when you decide one day that enough enough. You're sick and tired of being sick and tired and you do it's hard. You cancel Taco Tuesday. You tell your girlfriend a boy friend that we have to start eating healthy for dinner. And if not, I'm going to next you. While let's go a little bit deeper in the training intensity because it's rare you go to the gym. You see somebody pushing themselves so hard that you fear for their well-being. But cranking the tension and any exercise is simple. Just ask yourself this three times. So try to real extensions. How do I make that harder? Well, if I slow that negative, that's going to suck. How do I make that harder? Well, if I super set it with over an extension, that's really going to suck. How do I make that harder? Well, in that second super set, if I do a drop set three times, it's going to take me pretty close to death. Now you're on the right track because I'm trying to do his balance between creativity and being a little bit of a psychopath. That's a key to intensity. That's pretty messed up. Lastly, let's talk about training specifically for growth. Now I made a video while back on pull ups and some people got it. They understood the concept of shortening the range of motion. Finding out what they really connect with, what's going to get more engaged with those lats, can lead to more growth. Some people saw it, hated it. Wasn't a full range of motion. Thought none of those pullups counted. Thought it was complete bullshit. Now this is where you have to decide what's important to you because those goals conflict with each other and you can't have it both ways. If you're trying to belt the number of pullups you can do while maintaining perfect form, then you're trying to get how from how to strong as possible but that also means as liars possible. Now if you just want to grow then you really just have to focus on exercises that you really connect with. So I reach in your pocket, pull it any f*** you have left, leave them on the ground. Those perfect pullup people will pick those out. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.