The most common DMs I get are from creepers. That's a close second. But usually it goes up like this. Name age weight and a heat-away look. And usually that comes down to the simple fact that you just can't be consistent on a diet. So today, when you're with some tips that will help anybody, now they start off with the right track, but make sure a week from now, the user doesn't happen where you start off really strong and then all of a sudden a week later, you're back to inhaling bagelvights. So if you're ready, let's get after it. First things first, you got to assess where you are. If your diet is unrecognizable and you'll see anything you stumble upon, like half your kids lunch, then making a dramatic change isn't the way to go. Over time, you're just going to self-savotage and end up exactly where you start in. A better method is just to tweak one or two things. And if you're really that bad, it's going to make a significant difference. Let me give you an example. One of my buddies reached out, Scott, one of my favorite humans in the world and said, hey, my diet's so bad. I don't even know where to start. What should I do? My first question was, how bad is it? And he's like, you don't really understand. It's bad. I was walking down the street the other day. So half-eaten candy bar. And I f***ing ate it. That's a pretty low place. This way you have to understand. We live in Arizona. It's 110 degrees out. Basically, it'll link with her. She's in a plastic diaper. If you're anywhere near the point, well, you'll eat unattended food or just random in it in my objects, then making a small change, like getting a protein shake between breakfast and lunch, one between lunch and dinner, or even just pulling the carbs up before bed, will make a world of difference. Next thing is, you go to search back in the deck in your favor. That looks like a couple of different things. First, you're going to get all the bad food at your house. Because I don't care who you are, how long you've been doing this for. Everybody loves bad food. I love about you, but peanut butter literally whispers to me. And there's going to be some parents that see this and say, hey, I can't do that. I've got kids, but they'll just tell you this. This might be the perfect time to start lined your kids. Just say, hey, little Timmy, I went to the store, I hate to break it to you. They were out of peanut butter. But you know what, you're going to learn to love those jelly sandwiches. Next thing is, have your food for the day prepared and with you. Never fails that on the day you forget it. Is the day you're stranded without it. And you can literally fill your stuff with her in your way. I also give you a clear gauge of whether you're doing a good job or not. If you eat all your food, good job. If you're in it, but Wendy's, you're a f***ing. And the last thing is, get really comfortable being that guy. Because you're going to go with your friends. You're going to try to get you into eating, drinking, best bet, have a conversation beforehand. Just say, hey, I'm going to be really boring. I'm going to start to be a bad friend. Hope you're cool with that. Because if you're not careful, you don't have the conversation first. You don't get them on board, even your spouse can turn on you. Finally, the most important factor for me to make sure somebody gets continual success on their diet. It's kids on a cheat window or even an entire cheat day. Because I'm going to make sure somebody falls off the program for sure. Give them a diet with no end in sight, no fun, and no chance or relax. Because anybody who's ever done a hard-core diet before knows after a while, you start to lose your mind. Now, you're going to get the same results. No, it's definitely going to be slower. But if you do it correctly, you're going to make progress. And most importantly, it's going to be sustainable. And that in all of this is the most important thing. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after a good grown. Talk to you soon.