Alright, today we're going over the extra sets I've been adding to every single exercise over the past week that's completely ruined me. And here's a crazy part. There's sets of 10. But probably not the way you think. Let's get after it. So if you've seen my videos in the past, you know I'm a high rep guy. I figure if you get in results from 10 reps, why not do 20 or 30? You probably grow more. You might even put a little hair on your junk. And it's all based upon the results I've seen in myself as well as others. But also this underlying theme that's always run my life, which is if you do it's hard, results come easy. And for me, every time I notice my trainers are lack intensity, it's because I'm doing straight sets of 10 or 12 reps. When I crank those reps back to 20 plus, the pain finds me because the mental battle that you have to go through to get yourself to do, say, four sets of 30 and leg press is immense. You're basically signing up to get repeatedly kicked in the dick. Cool story, bro. But where's this that a 10 fitted? It comes right after those high rep sets. So for instance, say you're doing side laterals. You just did three sets of 20. You've got that same weight used for that last of the 20. And you're going to do what I'm going to call it just for simplicity's sake. 10 for 10. So it's a 10 count positive, a 10 count negative for 10 reps. And here's the beautiful part. We as humans are phenomenal. Majority of Elmitsin your body literally comes from a dying star. We're basically walking miracles. But we're also a big dummy. Because your body's going to have a hard time differentiating between 10 reps so you would heavy weight and 10 reps to get this way. And I'd argue it's going to see more results from these 10 reps. There's a couple reasons I believe this. One being is that you're obviously increasing the time and attention. But not so obvious and I'll use a dumbbell in one arm shoulder, pressed Elistrate is that if you're using heavy weight and you have to have an incredibly advanced my muscle connection to make sure the muscle you want to be the prime mover actually is. Because if there's any weakness or any sort of structural issues or your form starts to break down, then muscle that's not supposed to be involved will be. It'll piss on your leg and claim that exercise. You can't even plead with your choice now. Please don't. You're embarrassing us. With this, you're able to focus in unless you want to get to work. And make sure it's actually doing most of the work. So the next question is what exercises can we do this with? Pretty much all of them. A weird exercise like the bus driver? Yep. What about some sort of split squad? Unfortunately yes. Sex and f***. But even deadless. So if you're a little skeptical about this, good. Try it out for yourself. If it doesn't make you a worse person, my meme about that is if you're not hogging the handicap stall because you need to handle some lower yourself down to take a sh***. Then you did it wrong because it works really well. If you liked this video and you haven't seen these two, you know, want to watch these next. But most importantly, make sure you subscribe. Hit that notification bell. Get after you get growing. Talk you soon.