All right, today we're blowing up those triceps. But before we do, a couple months ago I did a promo for rise. If you haven't seen an o-link to it here, but in the process of doing that, it became good friends with Nick, the CEO because he's a normal guy. It's got three kids, he's 31. He just wants to make a no bullshit kick ass supplement company. I got to appreciate that. So I call him up. What's the deal? What happened? Let's just say I shouldn't start the video this way. I agreed intense and selfish desire for something. Usually money, power, and food. Nick and I ended up having a long conversation in a while. I'm not the smartest human on earth. I'm not dumb. Now when you support rise, you also support this channel. And I think the thing you should be most excited about is I said, before I signed this deal and make it official, I want complete control of marketing. I want to be able to create whatever crazy ass ad pops in my head. Just wait. Hey, how much do you think would cost a modified one of those t-shirt guns? Should you big jugs of protein? Do we have the budgets running out of entire strip club? Yeah, hi. I was just checking to see how much jello you haven't stock. Is there any legal liability for snoring pre-workout on camera? Someone reached out after that last video and said, you made that comment about having one giant tricep and one that looks home schooled that hurt. That's me, minor, lopsided is how. What do I do? Your best bet's heading over the cables and doing something like this kickback variation because if you try to do some needle out of work on dumbbells, you could still screw it up and I don't trust you because a lot of times it's not just having one weaker on than the other, you could be taking that tricep through a different range of motion on a totally different path and creating just a completely different contraction on one side compared to the other. That's why these are so nice. You can really narrow down your focus and you need to put more emphasis on that lateral head by pruning that palm down, turning that shoulder in on the way down or focus on that long head by supernating and really trying to open up that shoulder on the way down. Here we catch yourself over in analyzing everything and trying to figure out what's the best possible exercise to program each time. For instance, you want to do a French press because it's got a great stretch, but that range of motion is too shallow or maybe I'll do school crushers because I have a great connection, but can't move as much weight. The best possible advice I can give you. Just do both. The person that works the hardest always wins. Whether you're going to do it with compound sets or in that exact scenario, you can make it one long disgusting set by sitting on the floor back to the bench, bridge those hips up for the school crushers pushing it to failure and without missing a beat, sit your happy ass on the floor and just keep going with a French press. Some of you might have saw the chest very used to these and thought if I make a few tweaks that would be a great way to hit triceps too. That's the case. Congratulations, your advanced. You at least deserve a bumper sticker that says my husband or wife is a gifted asshole. The only tweaks you need to make is bringing those hands as close as you comfortably can in without putting too much pressure on those wrists. And for me, I feel better connection by flaring those elbows out. It's basically the same movement as taking a straight bar and a cable press down, but not as ridiculous because with that, you can do the entire stack, a list of the ground. It's just, it's that, but less stupid. If you haven't checked out RISE yet, I'll leave a link in the description. Also be on the lookout for some of those ridiculous ads. If you need tips on training biceps as well, there's a video for that. Also just another one of my favorites in general. Make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.