All right, today we're hitting legs with the garage style workout that you only need a bar balance and dumbbells to complete so you can easily do this at home. Also, at the end of this video, I got some information about the app. So don't F*** going anywhere. So one of the exercises I plan on doing today is a variation of squats and knowing that. I always like to prime the hamstring, push it ton of blood in there because it feels good. And the only thing I can relate that to is if you've ever blown up your biceps and had this crazy pump and then hit triceps, you're like, oh wow, I don't feel like I'm dying inside. I need to wrap it. My elbows don't sound like they're going to explode at any moment. That's because the antagonist bicep muscle is now jumped in like a boy's got trying to help a senior citizen across the street and assisted your old ass. But this is where we run into a problem because that works best when we can do a hamstring exercise that really mimics the way a bicep movement works. So one that's centered around the contraction of that hamstring, like a seated leg curl, versus something like a stiff leg where you're basically doing a weighted stretch and then contracting back up. And since we're in the garage gym and you're probably at home, that's not going to work. We got to get creative. Lucky for you, my wife drops me off here every day like adult day care and says, I can't come home to help hurt myself. What I found is if you set up like a single leg hip thrust and really focus on instead of just driving your hips up, you focus on contracted hamstring to drive your knee forward. It's going to give you the most painful, disgusting hamstring pump you've ever had. I guarantee you'll be the stored-emorrow walking and you'll fall back so fast that anybody who sees you's going to think is gone. All right, next up we got squats. Now I'm going to start a little light on this because I don't know how this can turn out because we're doing a mechanical drop. Starting out with a high bar squat, really quad dominant walk this feet nice and close. 20 reps and then we're going to roll that bar down. Feet go nice and wide. 20 more reps for the low bar squat. It's going to suck. And just because I know I got a few boy scouts that watch this channel like the ones I mentioned earlier and they getting anxiety when they search squat and outside the rack. Because they think I shouldn't show that even though it's obvious this is just for demonstration purposes. So I don't have to put the camera behind the rack. But just for those people so they don't lose their mind whatever you do don't squat outside of the rack. Do it. It doesn't even look that cool. All right, next up we're going to need some dumbbells because when I bring back a moment we talked about in the past and make it worse. Which was a stiff leg did lift that you let those dumbbells drift out in front, which obviously put more of a stretch in the hamstring, but gave you a better connection too because and ensure that hamstring had to work the entire time. But now we're going to stagger that stance and focus on one leg at a time. You're not only getting the benefit of being able to isolate your focus down in one hamstring, that's obvious, but also you can make the contraction even worse by string that leg during the stretch. And as you come up, you let that knee slightly drift forward, that way you can just stop that glute from jumping in whatsoever in the entire force, the contraction stays in that hamstring. So when all this went down, I didn't have any of this. It was just me and my wife in the backyard with this bench and a couple of dumbbells. And what in suit I can only describe as a mix between workout, domestic violence and moral combat. And I don't say that lightly because if you're trained with a woman, you know, their stamina is not a whole other level. Whether it's just based on their size or so compact that their circuitry systems more efficient or its hormones, whatever the case may be, she destroyed me. This particular exercise I'm about to show you, we did just like this as a finisher and after one set there was so much blood in my legs, I was just laying in the backyard sucking wind next to what appeared to be dinosaur shit. And she was already done with her set just waiting for me to go. You go ahead, I'm just I'm taking it all in. What we're doing is grabbing a dumbbell and going a lot of the over top of that bench with step ups and then making it worse, we have more tension that quad we lean forward. But also drop that back leg to increase the stretch and even worse in that, there's no number just going till you pass out and fall in the yard next to a pile of shit. One more for cast because I know if I didn't people would lose it. Now you wouldn't think this is work as well as it does. But it's because you're playing off those antagonist muscles and pushing the ton of blood into both, pretty soon you feel like you're moving in quicksand and it works phenomenal. So you're going to rock back on your heels, lift those toes up, flex that anterior tibialis, roll onto your calves, flex those calves, your gastroke and roll back and forth and just drive a ton of blood before you basically can't move. So about the out. You'll be happy to know that it's hot garbage. Apparently the people that are hard to develop it are smart enough to build a time machine go back in time and hard their six year old selves to build it because it was crap. But because I told you it's coming out soon and that's obviously not acceptable. I'm going to pull all night or that way by the time this video comes out. They'll be a link in the description to a program where I'll solely drip out five workouts a week for four weeks. A couple of things to note first being it's 1999. And that's simply because after I'm done printing off the previous code on the individual pieces of paper and forcefully to those prior developers, I'm going to take all this money and reinvest it into a ridiculously expensive team so this doesn't happen again. Second thing is in the first couple of the videos called action is to share the app. Obviously there's no apps. If you like the program, share that and oddly enough, over 200 of you creeps found the app and it wasn't even supposed to be live. So that's a whole other level of stalker. I'm just bringing some tear to my eye. And I'll set up a Facebook group so we can have a nice mega-chode community but give me at least 24 hours to approve everybody because it's just me, my wife and Lupita. I explain more about one of the first videos. So as always, get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon.