All right, today we're hitting shoulders and we're going all dumbbells. And it's not because I'm such a great human and I'm concerned with anybody still stuck at home with limited equipment because I'm not. I'm just being able to a lot more dumbbell work recently at a great connection to it. And really, it's helped around out those shoulders. So, if you're going to share that with you. So if you're ready, let's get after it. Now before we start, you really want to make sure that we're. I'm kidding. That's it. So usually when I do side that, I was only tweaks and changes. I make the form have to do the range of motion or how much of bend there is in the elbow. Sometimes the arm is perfectly straight. Sometimes there's a beer band, almost like a wide grip upright row. But recently I've been opening up those shoulders completely, turning those palms forward and doing them a way that I make people that really jacked up shoulders. Do them. So you're probably thinking that asshole finally heard of himself with all the weird exercises he does. Not yet. Maybe eventually. But really what it has to do with is I'm trying to pull that rear del into more of the exercises I do. So finishing off the contraction in that rear del because me and 99% of the gym population has some, but I wanted to look stupid. So really it's about firing that lateral head and as it comes up pulling and finishing off the contraction in that rear del. Now this next one might earn you some dirty looks from the trainer your local gym who has a four year degree, but earns eight bucks a session and still looks like hot garbage. But it works. So, fuck them. And this is a movement I did a lot when I was younger, but kind of just for a while, I forgot about for years until I started to try to pull more movements into those rear delts around those shoulders out and I used to call these around the world because apparently back then I was in to give a thing stupid name. So feel free to call it whatever you want. But all it is is a front raise where you pause at the top and then pull that dumbbell around to the back and squeeze that rear delt. It's a nice light movement. It's nice and slow and you can either go with your hand, pronated down or in a neutral grip, whatever you're more comfortable with. If you feel any impensement, just try to stop that hand a little bit sooner so don't come as high and then pull it around. If you still feel impensement, then your f*** do something else. One thing to note on those, as you're pulling around, make sure you don't keep those arm perfectly straight. If you just slightly bend those elbows, you have an easier time connecting with those rear delts. So that front raise on the initial part of the last movement is the only thing we're doing for anterior delts because I feel like myself and everybody else doesn't have underdevelop front delts. That's not the problem. What is the problem is that lateral head and that posterior head. So what we do is one more exercise for each because I don't know about you but worries me is if I don't hit those enough, they're just going to shrivel up and die. So to make sure those side delts are taken care of, we're going to lean against something overload and do partial reps at the initial part of the contraction and use a significant amount of weight. Then we're going to focus on the top of the contraction. I grab it onto something and create an nice angle with your body and this is lighter weight. And make sure you're not swinging around, you're controlling the movement. The bottom of the movement should be where that dumbbell naturally hangs. Don't let it come to your leg. Let it stop there where it naturally hangs and then slowly contract it up. So the best help I found from people having trouble connecting with those redelts is by laying them flat on the bench. Yeah, shortens the range of motion, but that's not the most helpful part. What it allows me to do is kind of take out all the extra noise over the movement and really focus on giving them verbal cues that allow them to disconnect those traps. Like telling them to elongate their neck during the movement that allow those traps to disengage and then they could focus on squeezing through and finding that range of motion and that path really connect to those redelts. Because I'm sure you've heard and seen some grunting loud, obnoxious human being at the gym doing the entire stack on a redelts line machine. And that should be your first red flag that they're f***ing up. The other thing I want you to watch out for is their shoulder height and their head position. If their shoulders are raised during the movement, those traps are already engaged. If their head is tilted back, same thing. They can't go through the entire movement without engaging those traps. So what I want you to do if you're doing this exercise, this next one, or if you're at the gym doing that actual rear dot fly, what I want you to focus on is retracting that chin into your neck and try to elongate that neck. Even if you want to, you can't screw this up. Here's a link to another one of my shoulder videos. Also another one of my favorites. Make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after it, get growing. Talk to you soon. Tad a great connection. Got a lot of f***er you do it.