All right, it's a big day. We're taking lightweight, blowing up those shoulders. I'm gonna go over some things I've been adding in, recently that's made a big difference. And obviously you can tell by the outfit that it's gonna be a rough day, because I got the, I don't give a Kentucky f***s to have pants on. So let's get after it. Recently, I've been sorting every single shoulder day with some sort of rotation movement. Now, yeah, it has the added benefit of blowing up those rotator costs, but that's not the reason I do it. The primary reason I do it is because I want to push so much blood in those rear delts, blow those things up and take care of those first, because I know if I do, I'm gonna have a phenomenal shoulder day, because I'm sure you all have the experience where you're just killing your delts, right? You're going through your hit and anterior head, lateral head. You get to those rear delts, and then, huh? Nothing. No connection. They don't fire you feeling your trapping. I keep maybe in the little tricep the workout falls apart. So when I'm at the gym, it's simple. It just sit in the Cd cable row, grab that single hand attachment, and they just find that perfect angle works every time. But to do them here, a little bit more complicated because I'm still limited on equipment because most you jerks, but everything off a rogue.com. So all that's left are a few stickers, and a couple of bags of sand. What the hell am I doing stickers? And meanwhile, I've just teamed up and bought some new boobs, so I don't need any more bags of sand. So the way I set this up, it's similar to the way I would have just just trying to warm up those vertebra cows, but I have that bench on a slight incline. And also instead of just laying sideways in the bench, I tilt those shoulders towards the floor a little bit. So that way I know at the very top of the contraction, that arm is parallel to the ground, just make sure that the hardest part of the contraction is the top. And I'm also adjusting my hand position. So instead of coming up with that neutral grip, I supinate that wrist the entire time, and it's amazing to me the difference it makes. So coming up with that neutral grip, you have to have a couple of sets, rotate your cuff warm, but really not much else. When I supinate that hand, I'm able to contract it more and it's just blown out. Good luck. Let me take a quick second and thank you, Roma for sponsoring this video because the last time I talked about Roma, I had a lot of memories out and say thanks. I think it's because in times like these, it's hard to get help for common men's health conditions. When you can't even leave your home, and if you're dealing with a condition like erectile dysfunction, you want treatment ASAP. Now the message is from the wives, not as pleasant. Got a lot more what the heck do you sell my husband, he won't leave me alone. That got me thinking. This isn't just for married men, and before you sit there and say, I'm single, I'm stuck in home, what am I doing? Get there. Got to ask yourself this. How important is it to you have a training partner that never misses a workout? Now we'll say, bit of a print. My friends at Roma in spate years building a digital platform that can connect to you and a doctor, licensed in your state, all from the comfort of your own home. Just grab your phone, computer, and complete a free online visit. And you'll hear back from the US License position within 24 hours. If a doctor decides treatments right for you, Roma's pharmacy can ship your medication to you with free two-day shipping, plus you get free unlimited fallups or your doctor need to have questions or you want to adjust your treatment plan. With that being said, you're gonna have to really work on your proprioception because they're not the most coordinated training partners. Good news is though, you're gonna make a lot of new friends. Oh, hey, how's it going? With Roma, there's no commitments and you can cancel anytime. So if you're struggling with ED, go to getRomond.com slash-rine for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. Again, that's getRomond.com slash-rine for a free online visit and free two-day shipping. Does that make any sense? Do they wanna use a tripod? So a scroll through Instagram and I saw Dan Lin do in various cities and I thought, that looks pretty damn dangerous. I should try those. Because in the past, I never did those big sweeping motions of my arms because I always thought, shoulders gonna get impenge, it's gonna explode, fall off, and miss for deadhead game over. But I will tell you in the last month, I've been doing this consistently, no issues. What has happened though, is the pump is been incredible. Normally, it takes me a full workout to get that front-to-back fullness. Now, three sets of these. But there are tweaks we're gonna make to the exercise. First, it's gonna be a little less dynamic. So slowing down that negative, and second, we're actually gonna start the contraction of those rootouts. So making sure it fires in those rootouts and then we're wrapping it around nice, slow, controlled negative. One thing I've been doing recently, it's bringing back a very some side-laterals that used to do back a day that I love, where you print it those hands the entire time, where you do them seated. And instead of a lateral raise, you're coming up and actually pulling into that lateral head finishing, the contraction of, in that delt. Problem is, though, you can use this shit a little way. Even me, somebody who preaches my muscle connection, lightning up the weight, really focusing on the contraction, it's inevitable. I'm gonna go to heavy on these, because I'll see some douchebag at the gym, pressing a decent amount of weight, but acting the worst. So I feel like it's my obligation to cleanse them of as doucheonists, by borrowing this weight, doing side-laterals with it, and then returning said weight. The set didn't nothing for me. It was just a wasted time, but I know if I do them seated, my ego's gonna jump in, and that's gonna happen. So the way I've been doing this instead, is I'm a nice high-ingline, that way I can't get my entire body involved and throw the weight up. Really have to focus on that contraction, squeezing up the weight you're supposed to. And if you haven't done these side-laterals very since we're your slightly lean forward, this is a great one to try. And I wouldn't be surprised you've gone on the better connection that lateral head, because that slight tilt will take the anterior delt completely out of it. ATTENTI的話,望 anime theme hope's around. Now I'm going to be able to do the first final 2-3 years at a test, it pretty big. You can't believe you're going to do what so great, outcast you're gonna know if you've done up to the same way, I've got a few in the past. Jokes. Know what that is? That right there is an American dream. So as always, like subscribe to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next and get after get growing. Talk to you soon.