So here's the thing. The reason I started drinking caffeine again, part circumstance, part performance. Let me show you. So I've gone years without taking caffeine. And it's hard to argue that on a day-to-day basis, you know, the better overall feeling when you're not artificial increasing your cortisol levels, you're adrenaline levels, but let's make something perfectly clear. It's not the worst thing you can do. It's not like I'm blown, I'm a ho-ho-ho, I certainly think like that. So since making YouTube my full-time gig my days, you can just take her on my rescue dogs, training myself, and then waiting around to night comes for the gym to completely empty out, which is usually right about now. So I usually film for two hours, go home and edit for three hours, because I want to get my videos out to everybody before they wake up and hit the gym. I end up getting about two hours of sleep at night. Now I do this for months, and after falling asleep at a few traffic lights, I was like, f**k this. Back on this demo that train. Choo-choo. Which brings me the more important reason performance. Now I'm sure you've all felt this before, where you don't want to go to the gym. You're talking yourself out of it every second of the day. You finally drag yourself there. You struggle through the entire workout. You're trying to talk yourself out of doing the hard stuff. You get it done. Pack yourself on the back. Check it off your list. And now compare that to a workout where you're just jacked up to be there. You know that when you walk into the gym, you're just gonna kick the shit in yourself. There really is no comparison. The result you're gonna get from that workout, compare to one where you're just kind of checking off a box, isn't even close. And that was the big tipping point for me and never have just an okay workout again. No matter how tired I was, I'll be able to come to the gym and kill it every single time. And it really is not hard to find a great pre workout. Just need enough caffeine to get your attention. Enough made of alanine and other magical pixie-dust ingredients. To get your skin crawling. You can literally fill the hair and ears growing. And you're so wired and jacked ready to work out. You can't wait to get there. So I know you ever get so hyped up. You start talking shit yourself with the gym. Get down with the setting. Like that was rough. And the other you pops in. I think that was f***ing bad. Wait till you see what's next. And growth really is that simple. Make sure nutrition is on point. Make sure you're getting some sleep. Obviously not in a lot in my case. And make sure when you're in the gym, you're hitting the muscles you're trying to target and pushing them to new extremes. Well, looks like I'm in the market for a new pre workout. Guess I'm gonna have to blow a couple brands up a f***er's ass. See which one's the strongest.