The protein companies are lying to you. And if you're not careful, this could be you. What's this? It's probably the scoop of protein you've been drinking. The only problem is only two-thirds of it is actually protein. What's the rest? Carb is fat, anti-clumping, thickening agents, and artificial sweeteners. How much do you think you're going to grow from that? Not at all. If anything, you're going to get a headache and probably your pants. I'll start out at the top. With the governing body that's supposed to protect us from a company selling us of jug of diabetes, but marketing is a high-protein low calorie. You better not drink too much. You're going to look like a milestone, negative cow, the FDA. The problem is the FDA is about as useless as that condom you've had in your wallet for the past five years. It looks like your dog chewed on it for half an hour, but you still keep it to show your next tender date that you're a keeper. In reality, you're hoping she's definitely allergic to latex. It says it right there on their website. We don't know shit about fuck. At the end of the day, it's not a big deal because supplement companies always have our back. They'll always do right by their customers. Except that one time. And there was that other time. And that's not even the biggest issue. Now, there are some companies that started out the way you hope all companies do with the goal of creating the best possible product using the highest quality ingredients. But you probably never heard of them because they've been drowned out by marketing companies disguised as supplement companies. They're pretty damn good. Remember this, Jim, just sprinkle a little on your food and you'll lose your appetite and lose weight. Turns out you're not hungry anymore because it feels like an alien's trying to fist your belly button from the inside. Now when it comes to protein companies, they make claims that aren't necessarily false, but these tricky bastards are good with their words. Have you heard of this one? Beef protein. 350% more concentrated than steak. Fuck you. Problem is when you look at the actual ingredient, hydrolyzed beef protein isolate. Turns out it's collagen. You're basically drinking raspberry flavored cow chode. Not only that, if you look at the PDC AAS, which is a method for evaluating the quality of a protein based upon the completeness of the amino acid profiles, well, as how well humans can adjust it. You're going to see the usual suspects at the top. You got egg whites, way casing, rice, pea blend, all have a high score of 1. Beef protein isolate. Zero. Maybe next year, bud. Here's what I'm sure you paid extra for at some point. Grass fed way. It sounds good, but pretty much all the nutritional benefit is carried through the fat content. The amino acid profile is virtually unchanged. So other than the fact that it's probably less of a dick to the cows, which is a good thing, there really is no nutritional benefit transferred over to your way isolate. Is that fucking George Washington? Look at this bastard. That's fucking ridiculous. Here's the deal. The amino what protein you buy, they're all going to be filled with the same three types of amino acids. You're not essential, conditionally essential, and essential. And the real ballsy bastards just blatantly highlight looseen because it is directly related to protein synthesis or muscle growth. And here's what we get to the biggest salana. Your body has a looseen threshold, meaning there's a specific concentration of looseen that's needed in your blood for protein synthesis to take place. Once you've reached it, there's no benefit in adding more. And it's pretty damn easy to reach with whole food alone. I know, shocking. You would think the only way that George Washington or this fucking gingerbread man was able to build muscle is with protein shakes. But the truth is, you don't need them. End of story. But what supplementment companies have been banking on for years is that most of us never figured it out. After a mom stop packing our lunch and third grade, we continue to leave the house every single day with jacks and our batman lunchbox. So every day we turn to protein shakes to save our ass. So let me walk you through exactly what to look for, that way you can blur your eyes and look past the muscular characters and see what's actually inside your shakes. So the first thing you want to do is make sure you're getting a high quality protein. Now high quality doesn't mean good source or even good for you. It just means it has all nine essential amino acids. And that's pretty easy to do unless you're buying some shit that some kid made in his bathtub. And regardless of whether it's a plan or animal source, they're all going to be processed using these three methods. Now I hate to be the bearer bad news, but all protein powder is processed. So if that's important to you, you're kind of screwed. But the least processed is concentrate. So you'll probably want to go with that. The only problem is it's usually only 60 to 80 percent of protein by weight, the rest, fat and carbs. Now if you find that after every time you drink a shake, you shit your pants, then you're going to step it up to isolates. We're virtually all carbohydrates and fat are taken out, leaving you with 90 percent of protein by weight. And the only step further is hydrocellits. And this one's a bit of a mix bad because they've definitely been shown to aid and recover even more than isolates do. But they taste so damn bitter that most companies screw them up by adding a bunch of sugar and other crap and completely defeating the purpose of why they created them in the first place. If you still find yourself with the supplements, door twiddling your balls because you don't know which protein to get, why not justify your purchase by weight. Like this isopyrion every scoop. There's 31 grams and each scoop has 25 grams of protein. So this entire jug is 80 percent protein. Next up we got muscle combat. Which already sounds like a marketing dick slap, but surprisingly still 71 percent protein by weight. But I guarantee all of them are going to beat the crap you're poisoning your grandma with. It's made up of 18 percent protein. But it does have 26 vitamins and minerals and only 24 grams of sugar. Good luck with that grandma. Now taste is definitely going to factor in, but it's not going to be the top of the list. I'm going to start off by figuring out the source I want and then find one with the least amount of extra calories. And then from there I'll go off a taste and then wrap up by finding one that's got to write it out picture of Donald Duck. And once you figure all this out and you work out still suck, I'd watch this video next or if you haven't checked out one of the programs I'll link them below again. They're all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple and as always, get after get grown. Talk to you soon.