All right, today we're going over the most disgusting and rewarding push work out you've ever done. That's guaranteed to get your results. My name's put a little hair on that lower back. So let's not waste any time. Let's turn that toast to Streetall Body Vures into something great. Let's get after it. So as you can see, I got a lot of new shit. Now I'm not going to run through it today. If you want to make a separate video covering some of the stuff I got, happy to do that. But the reason for that is because the next program is going to be a full gym program. So I equipped this place with stuff that everybody has with their local gym. But I really wanted to highlight the fact that I met the most phenomenal, over couple that made all this possible. They start off doing one of the pieces out of the back of their van. And now they have this giant warehouse in California with every new or use piece of equipment you've ever seen. They even have people coming and set it up for you. It was an amazing experience. Unlike every single one I've had on offer up. No, I don't want to buy ains with us. No, you can't tickle my balls. Can you just tell me that lap pulled down and then spin around in circles for 10 minutes till you get dizzy enough to forget where the fuck I live? All right. So we're starting off with a little bit of cable work because the biggest issue I found with people training their chest is they don't connect with it. They go to press and they feel in their anterior delves, their triceps. They might get a little bit of tingling in those nipples, but that's about it. Now what we're doing specifically is pre-exhausting the muscle, which isn't a bad thing because it's going to keep you from pressing a stupid amount of weight and hurting yourself. I like to call it priming because really what we're doing is developing that connection and then going into the pressing moment. And then what we're going to do that is by doing in three separate angles. Starting with a low cable fly, bringing up half waist, squeezing across your body and then a high cable fly. But the biggest thing is keep the shoulders back and make sure flexing and contracting your chest, not just throwing the weight down like an asshole. So for pressing movement, we're going to set that bench up on a slight incline. And obviously you guessed it, it's not going to be just straight sets because for me, that's kind of insulting. It's like me telling you not to wipe your ass with cheap toilet paper because eventually it's going to fail you, tear and you're going to touch your own butt hole. And you'll never forget that feeling. Sure you just felt it didn't you. So instead we're going to do them as rest-possets, but not only that, we hold two seconds at the bottom and top of each rep. So at this point in the workout, after the pressure, we're going to do the same thing. So for the pressing movement, I love to bring back in a fly because there's so much blood in that chest that you can really fill in intense stretch. So whether you have a machine fly, you can tilt back and turn into more of a decline movement. Give a boast to ball, you can really open up and wrap yourself around or simply just hop on a bench and do dumbbell flies. But make sure you cut that range of motion down. So it's simply that chest and you don't have any wasted movement at the top. And to be sure this doesn't end well, let's turn it into a compound set with some pushups. And I'm going to really arch that back, lean back more of a decline pushup. It's going to be bad. Alright, so the next thing we got to do is make sure we hit every head of that dealt. The anterior dealt, lateral head, that posterior dealt. And we can't skip anterior adults just because you just did a bunch of pressing movements. Unless you're really fucked up in every chest movement, you just did. You felt in your front delts, then by all means skip them. So what we're going to do is grab three separate pairs of dumbbells, line them up and run through them like the coveted and delicious elementary school lunch line. So the first more doing is for anterior delts. It's a seated front raise where you push those dumbbells together the entire time and lean slightly forward. And this one's easily represented by that carton of chocolate milk used to get because if you fucked up opening that, it ruined your life. All you tasted was paper and tears. So same thing with this. If you lean too far forward, jumps in your lower back. If you screw up and tilt that head back, your traps engage. So make sure you really find that perfect form and keep it in those anterior delts. And the next one's that also delicious rectangle shape pizza because for some reason, the fact that was shaped like a rectangle made it taste better. And you took your time and you enjoyed it. We're doing the same thing here. Nice slow controlled side lateral still lish. And the last one looks a little odd, but I wouldn't be surprised if you don't have the best connection to these over anything else you do for your adults. And take whatever grip you connect with the most, whether it's pronated or supinated. And all I'm going to do is take that dumbbell and flex straight back. And yeah, it's a little messed up. Kind of like the way my lunch was because you would say we had apple pie every single day and you show up. It's just these seropi apples and cinnamon. There's no pie crust. I can't tell you how many times you got a detention for saying you bitch, where's my apple pie? So for triceps, I'm going to give you a little bit of freedom, much harder to regret doing because I know you're going to screw it up. But what I found works the best is testing what you connect with the most of that day and then just hammering it. Throwing your favorite attachment, do partial reps at the bottom top, take a step back, pull the weight towards you, push it away, turn your wrist out. Whatever hurts the most is what you're going to do. Do three four sets, push it to complete failure. And then either change the variation you're doing or change the attachment altogether. And it doesn't matter if the weight continually goes down. That's not what it's about. It's about pushing a ton of blood and you can easily get 10, 12 sets in under 15 minutes and it's the most painful pump you'll have all day. I'll be sure to leave the stats and reps in the description and I actually will have this time and a link to the wonderful people I got this stuff from if you want to check them out. Also, if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll leave a link in the description as well. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. It's a bros split that will ruin your life. You know, the notification bells a lot like you clitoris. A lot of you haven't found it yet. Don't think just because you subscribe, you did a good job. That's just the hood. There's a little bean underneath.