All right, today we're going to the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to Raredouts. And for me, this is an important one because over the years, a lot of people share their frustrations and trying to get them to grow. And they all kind of have the same story of, you know, the first couple reps of the workout, we'll get this incredible connection pump. And then about four reps in, mother. The biggest issue that everybody's going to have when trying to hit Raredouts is that the secondary muscles involved in most movements you're going to do are straight up honey badgers. And on top of that, they're stronger than your posterior delts. So given the opportunity, they're going to jump in and kill the entire movement. And that's how after doing that for years, you end up with ridiculously looking physique with no redelts and overdeveloped traps. So the way we combat that is by checking the ego at the door, not being afraid to make partial reps, the foundation of your routine. Because some days have come in and you all do full range of motion if I connect all the way through. But on most days, I don't. So what I'll do is I'll start with a partial rep in the initial part of the contraction and overloaded there. Or if that doesn't work, I'll lighten it up a little bit more, lean into it and then do partial reps at the top. Just whatever I connect with best on that day. The second thing is in pursuit of that incredible connection. You're going to commit to the fact that you're formed and some of the exercises you do might be unrecognizable to some people. Because for me, some of the best words are to exercise as I do. I'm going to mix between the PT exercise and just ungodly, awful form that are mashed together. But for me, there's an incredible connection and I know I'm going to get results, so it's worth looking like an asshole. And this is the point where some people will set up a cam inside the comments and say, that is incredibly unsafe. I would never do that. Here's the thing. One, your body will tell you exactly what it doesn't like an exercise. You're going to do it and you're shortly going to go, nope, not doing that. Don't do it. The second thing is, you don't have to do the exact exercise I do. What I'm saying is in challenge you need to do is step outside the box a little bit and try different angles because you'll be shocked at what you connect with. So, the last one is a simple one but it's incredibly important. And as to the position of your hand, because you have to go into the movement with your hand pronated, has a totally different feel than coming up in a neutral grip or even back at angle of the supinated grip, everybody's going to connect with those a little bit differently. So, you have to experiment and see what's best for you because it's not like you've got hooks for hands. Unless you've got hooks for hands, in that case, I fucked up. So, as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get grown. I'll talk to you soon.