I've already went over the best peptides for fat loss, but they can do so much more. Everything from improving sleep, cognitive enhancement, recovering from illness, musculoskeletal injuries, and my selfish personal favorite building muscle. On top of that, after sending pretty much everything I get my hands on for analytical testing, I think the research grade peptide market might be the dirtiest of them all. I sent in a bottle of reticutile to get tested that claimed it had 60 milligrams turned out. It had 108 milligrams, 80% more, or 180% of the label claim. And if you think, oh, that's great. It's almost double. You're an idiot. What that indicates is there's no quality control, and this is just the tip of the dick of the iceberg because it's going to be so much worse. I'm testing all of them. And what it means for me is now I trust none of them. This pissed me off so much that I reached out to the only other bald-headed fuck I know to try to come up with a solution, and I think we might have found it. Now we're going to have to work out some kinks, and it's going to be a dumpster fire at first, but I'm excited. Let's start out by learning some shit first, and then I'll get into it. Like I said in the intro, my favorite peptide ever for building muscle is IGFs. But if you're somebody who's tried it before, you didn't get results, I bet you you'll be able to pinpoint why after we go through this. So we have to start up by going over its relationship with growth homeones so you understand how it works, but probably more importantly, how to take it. The hypothylamist releases GHRH, which then gives the French tickler to the anterior pituitary, causing it to pulse out growth hormone, which then circulates throughout your blood, eventually winding up the liver where it stimulates the production of IGF1. And IGF1 is the real anabolic workhorse in the muscle. It's what increases protein synthesis and net accretion through the M-Tor pathway. To illustrate how important it is, you can bathe muscle cells in vitro with IGF1 and cause an increase in protein synthesis. If you tried that with growth hormone, there would be no hypotrophic response because IGF1 is the direct agonist at the muscle cell. And this is just dog food. So nothing's going to happen at all, but you should get the point. Now that might make you question whether or not you should even waste time on growth homeones or creedogs. If your only go on life is to build muscle, tan, and laundry. But remember, there's a lot of other beneficial signaling pathways that these things target. But what you will see is a lot of people cycle between taking a growth hormone's creedog and IGF1 because there's an inherent built-in long loop negative feedback meaning that when your IGF is high, your growth hormone decreases. But I also think that's the incorrect way to do it. You should be double-fistic. I did the x-rated version, not the drinking. I've seen too much. The reason being is the only version of IGF you're going to be able to buy is LR3. There is a FDA approved 70 amino acid version that's identical to human IGF1, but you have to be a broken kid to get that. You don't want to be in that category. I'd also argue that if you know how to use LR3 correctly, it's even more beneficial. Now the modifications they made to the IGF peptide sequence are fairly easy to understand. They added a 13 amino acid tail to the end terminus hence long. It then replaced the glutamic acid that was in the third position with Argentine giving you R3, put it together. All right. What's fascinating about this is normally additions to the molecule extends its half-life, but this one does the exact opposite. I would cup your asymmetrical testicles for this one because it's going to get a little confusing, but you need to know this so we can use it to abuse ourselves. Those changes to the peptide reduce its affinity for binding proteins by roughly three orders of magnitude or a thousand fold. That really shouldn't mean dick to you unless you're a complete dork and you know way too much and probably have a bunch of unboxed action figures sitting on your shelves. Speaking of which, did you know these still sell this beautiful bastard on Amazon? I was looking for one just for that joke to put on my wall, but I found this. I love that one. Smash a little chest plate on it, but my wife already thinks I'm an asshole. So probably not. IGF1 in the human body has a few options. It can either be free floating, bound to a binary protein in a turnary complex, or obviously attached to its receptor initiating the PI3KAKM Torpathelite. Free floating IGF1 has a half-life of less than 10 minutes. When it's bound to a binary protein extends anywhere from 30 to 90 minutes. And think of turnary complexes just like a megasard. Come on. This is the best example I can give you for a turnary complex. All right. That's it. All those little bastards connect together. The binding proteins and then ALS on top. And then it just smushes that IGF and extends the half-life anywhere from 12 to 24 hours. So if you remember what I said, LR3 rarely ever binds to binary proteins. So it's definitely not going to make it to the turnary complex step. It's not going to last anywhere from 12 to 24 hours. We'll be lucky if it lasts 90 minutes, but in all likelihood, it probably lasts anywhere from 10 to 30 minutes. Which means if you're a piece of shit like me, you're already thinking of different ways you can take advantage of that. We are the same. Now I've done it the way a clinician prescribed it to me, which is 50 micrograms three times a week right before bed. And it does work, but knowing what you know now about the short half-life, you can see why I made some tweaks to the dosing. For maxing out high purge fee, this is how you would take it. 10 micrograms, bi-ladderly and whatever muscle you're about to train, pre-work out, and then start drinking your intro workout shake. And then 10 micrograms, bi-ladderly, post-work out with your post-workout meal. And if you're taking growth homeowner's acrydicogs, I would move it to first thing in the morning and right before bed. And it's awesome. I also should probably update you on what I feel are the best growth homeowner's acrydicogs, because since making that initial video, I've tested all of them. On top of that, now I have a direct line to a shitload of clinicians, and they can relay patient experience. So we can make a definitive tier list, but not like not doing one of those. Let's just tell you the best. Those tier lists are getting kind of corny. Everybody doesn't know. And just as a little refresher, you're always going to want to pair a GHRH with a GHRP to maximize the GH pulse. Because if you remember, GHRH deals the GHRH receptor on the anterior pituitary somatotrubs, and GHRP's fondle the growing receptor in the anterior pituitary and upstream in the hypothylamus. So you're basically just squeezing the shit out of both. Now the key differentiator between all these really comes down to two things. How big the GH pulse is and how long exposure lasts. And that comes with some trade-offs. A longer exposure generally means a stronger effect, but also potentially more side effects. That's why anybody who's taken MK677, I beat them more in. We'll tell you they get hungry to the point they're eating ass like groceries, and that's because it activates the growing pathway for many, many hours. I don't know about you, but I can go for a big bowl of cereal right now. Captain Crunch is good, but then it ruins your mouth. I could do some life cereal underrated. So if I had a tear it out, I would say CJC no DAC, if a moreland MK677 all asks tear. I know people love Tesla Merlin because it's FDA approved. It's got the most research behind it, my experience. It's good, it's AT here, but it's not as good as CJC. The only time I would switch those out is if you're one of those rare individuals every time you take CJC, you feel like you're on heroin, you have to go land the bathtub, then you would switch those. And obviously for somebody who can't take MK677 without eating yourself to death, that's a contraindication. I would not take that. Diabetes is no joke. Now if you've taken LR3 before and you didn't really see a big difference, here's my guess why, because I've taken it four times. Two of those times were amazing. The other two, absolutely nothing. They're in the good times. I got it compounded, it showed up in a little adorable ice chest, and I got bigger and leaner. And the bad times were from different research grade sites, and yeah, it was in its life-alize form, so it should be more stable, but I don't think sitting in my Arizona mailbox all day was a good thing. And the more you dig into it, you'll see that some of these sites sell a receptor grade version, which if you ask any chemists, they'll tell you that's adorable because that's not a thing. Basically claiming that they're testing the binding affinity of IGF1 LR3, and only giving you the best of the best, which is not happening. Incredibly expensive, takes a long time, and you can't just fill throughout the bad stuff. You have to downgrade the entire batch. We're lucky if they wash their hands after they wipe their ass. That's all we can hope for. They're just using it as bullshit marketing language for purity. And I know it sounds like I'm shooting on research sites, and I was such a huge fan of them before, but I just don't like being lied to. But I know, four of every five people get their peptides from research grade sites. So put your favorite ones in the comments. I now have access to third party testing. I'm gonna send these out, get them tested, and we'll see. We'll have a list of which ones are actually still legit. My only concern is that they all might be pieces of shit. Now I'm assuming you guys sleep like assholes as well. So let me run through some of the peptides I've tried that are designed to help with insomnia and sleep regulation. De-step, the potential benefit is in the name Delta Sleep inducing peptide, and it reportedly boosts slow wave sleep as well as increases sleep pressure. But in my experience, nothing. Epitalon is an interesting one because it's been shown to increase telomerulength in vitro and in rats. Just think of that as the cellular wear and tear marker, but nothing in humans. We can test it if you want. I would just have to test my telomerulength and then take it and then wait in an entire year. So don't hold your breath. But the reason I took it is because it's been shown to increase nocturnal melatonin production. But again, I got nothing. So that one sucked too. Oddly enough, the one I saw the most benefit from was pinealon, which is actually more of a neuroprotective antioxidant. And there I say I woke up and I felt almost rested. And I'm somebody who has sleep apnea. I wake up to the slightest of sound and I sleep with a dog who's paralyzed and far into sleep. And still, I slept better. So if you're going to try one, that's the one. Now when it comes to peptides that are designed for cognitive enhancement, I've tried the most popular C-Max and Selenek and neither of them really wowed me. I will say though, I have a fairly high bar in what I consider a statistically significant result in this category because I have a prescription for Medafidel. I've taken every stimulus you could possibly think of to the point that I've squeezed out an electric ealer too. So maybe don't take my word for it. Try it for yourself. I did feel a little bit more of an effect with the nasal spritz. So maybe start there. Still nothing to write home to your diabetic obese should head of a grandmother, but better. For me personally, I've seen the most improvements in selective focus, episodic memory, processing speed from taking a 21-mille grab nicotine patch, cutting it into thirds and slapping one of those on the morning. This seems to be the safest and cleanest way to take in nicotine unlike all the kids you are suitcaseing as shitload of sin pouches. That's probably not the best. Nooo! Remember what I said in the beginning about getting everybody access to peptides from an FDA-regulated pharmacy? You might recognize my good bald-headed, f***friend, Brigham, who was recently just on and we need to open accessibility and we need to bring peptides back. For the American people, he owns a large telemedicine company named WazeToWell. Because there's so much bad information out there in regards to peptides and some of the digging I've done to uncover the shadiness of these research grade sites and ford of every five people get their peptides from research sites, we decided to team up and you're now looking at the chief scientific asshole for WazeToWell. No joke, that's my title. It's fucking awesome. My first decree access to peptides compounded in an FDA-regulated pharmacy without requiring blood work. These things are so efficacious, there's no reason to require blood work. I do think everybody should talk to a clinician first, a quick-teminant phone call, but not one of those judgey fucks, somebody who actually guides you and cupped you by the balls and answering questions you have. Questions like, are there any peptides that will make my balls feel less hot? Or, is there anything that will help me sleep less like an asshole or my personal favorite? Is there anything my wife can take that will make her hate me less? Those last two actually have a solution. The first one's just a joke. The goal is to make the prices competitive with those research grade sites, as well as getting the quick-teminant phone call with the practitioner turned around within 48 or 72 hours. We're not there yet. I flew into Houston to see what the hold-up is and in terms of costs, it's because the FDA has what we consider a very, very tight buckle. The benefit of teaming up with this guy is he's got a lot of connections, so he can massage that spink dirt to the point it starts to relax and we can bring more production in-house driving the cost down. The other issue is we need to hire more practitioners. We're in most of the states, just not all of them, this is the map. We'll be in all of them by the end of the year. I created an ad for this. I doubt Facebook will ever approve this ad, but I'm going to try to run it. Let me guess, you've been buying research grade peptides. There's no denying that they work, but the problem is there's no quality control. Meaning they could be underdosed to full of endotoxins or even heavy metals. That's why ways to help we decided we're changing the peptide game. We're making it easy to get peptides from an FDA-regulated compounding pharmacy. All you're going to do is fill out a questionnaire and hop on a quick 10-minute call with the nurse practitioner that will help guide you. Because you might be interested in BPC-157 because you injured yourself playing softball or God forbid you sneeze the wrong way and most people don't realize it, but there's a very different dosing protocol for an acute injury versus one that's been nagging you your entire life. The benefit of working with a practitioner is they can also help in other areas of your life, like how is your sleep? Are you a good candidate for a GLP-1? What about your libido? Does it feel like you're trying to shove a marshmallow into a keyhole? At this point, there's no denying that peptides are reshaving preventative and curative medicine. And it's our goal to make these available to everyone. So click the link below or check out my TikTok shop. And if that doesn't give you a chub, don't worry. I'm still going to test all the research grade sites. Because I know some people that's just... ...gray market for life. And there are some things you just can't get compounded for. You like red-a-true-tied, but to be honest with you, I'm probably switching over to Trezzepatide plus IGF1 because that's going to be even more muscle-sparing. But again, don't worry. I'm going to test those sites and I'll let you know which ones are best. It's give me about two weeks. Maybe three. If you do want to clinician answer all your questions, get all your stuff, legit from a compounding pharmacy, then I'll leave a link in the description. We set it up as a $99 console because most people are pieces of shit. And if you give it to them for free, then they'll cancel the appointment. I'll put a code in the description. I'll cut the price in half. What else do you want? That's it. That's all I got. Get out of here.