Because you asked for it, we're going over the absolute best science-based shoulder work out that's guaranteed to build you those ridiculous, bolder shoulders. That way you can go home during Thanksgiving and say, look mom, aren't you proud to build my body with science? And she'll say, no, now go to the store and get me a short pack of Marba Reds, you dumb shit. All right, today we're using everything from cables to machines, dumbbells, because I assume by this point, you have access to a gym. But even if you don't at the end of the video, I'll go for exactly what I would do. I still had limited equipment. But before we start, let me apologize, because apparently I pissed off a lot of women by naming that last video exercises all men should be doing. So am I sorry? No, but women are dangerous. Don't believe me. Check out this 2014 study that showed that hurricanes named after women are three times more deadly than ones named after men. Facts. So we're starting out with machine side laterals, which to me is one of the most underrated pieces of equipment there is, because once you find that perfect angle you really connect with, then all you're going to do is hurt yourself. And we definitely aren't. By doing 20 partial reps at the top to pre-exhaust, then into 24 reps, and then 20 partial to the bottom, just to squeeze out whatever you got left, and then to really screw up your life. You're going to force up one rep, hold of the top, and then hold that as long as you possibly can, it won't be long. It won't be long. It'll be shaking like an asshole. You'll be lucky to get a minute. So I realized after I was filming that last part, I probably shouldn't wear shirt that blends into the wall. So I found one that looks like a giant booger instead. So next up, we're going to do a machine-rared out-fly. But we're not going to just walk up into a full range of motion, because it's rare that something has a great connection right off the bat. I found that you always have to pre-exhaust or prime the muscle a little bit, especially that rear delt because it's such a finicky piece of shit muscle. And then you can get in the full range of motion. Don't believe me? Check out this 2012 study. It shows that what you watch prior to training plays a significant role in your overall testosterone and cortisol level. So to boil it down to a simplest terms, don't watch something sad before you train. Like when your ex uploads your latest video to only fans, unless you think it's hilarious that only you and two other people watch her, that'll actually increase your testosterone. It's great to see everything worked out for you. So since we know that your anus was the first thing to form in the womb, we're going to make sure we do another exercise for that lateral head. And let's not over-complicate things because as much as I hate to say it, sometimes simpler is better. So let's start with the regular side lateral, but let's earn the right to go up and wait. We'll do 20 reps. Once we get there, take a couple of deep breaths, 30 seconds tops, and then go up again. So always you can keep going up. You can keep doing side laterals. Once you get your ass kicked, start going back down. Lastly, we're going to burn out those shoulders doing drop sets with a cable front raise. Now if you're worried about over-developing those anterior delts, one thing you may not know is you can drive that contraction more than that lateral head by keeping more of a bend with those elbows. Other thing you may not know is that surefire way to cure hiccups is with the digital rectum massage. Try to convince your wife of that one. So if you don't have access to a machine-side lateral, no worries. You can do the same disgusting set with dumbbells. Also, machine-rooted outfly. I would do the dumbbell variation lying on a bench. And while your mom might not be proud, you're built by science. I sure am. Also, if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30-day program, there'll be a link in the description. And if you like videos and they're based upon science, here's a link to the tri-step and bicep version as well. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it get growing. Talk to you soon.