Are you one grilled cheese away from heart attack? Good. Because this video's for you. I'm not sure the absolute simplest way to lose fat. I'd figure out the exact number of calories you should be taking in, how to track your progress, how to get your blood work done. So, you know, if your hormones are holding you back, and if you're gonna be cheaper about it, I'll save money and groceries. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So I know I'm making a video like this. I gotta take some liberties and paint with a pretty broad brush. So if you don't agree, probably in your little more advanced. That's the case. It definitely get value in some of the hormone stuff at the end, but just know that this video isn't for you. It's for the person who's never lost a significant amount of weight in their life, unless they had a bad batch of 2 AM, actually, convert. Because it's hard enough to get them to stop eating their kids snacks. So to have them use something like the Jackson Pollock at some point method to track progress or say, okay, how many pounds you wanna lose? That's X number of calories that spread there over your week. Take that from your BMR, did you times by your actual? You know your screw when you see them start to go cross-eyed and they get disinterested and they're head, they're thinking, fuck it, I'm going to talk about. So we have to make this simple. And to do that, need to pull out your phone. What'd you think I was gonna say? You can literally use an app to track your progress, log your food, keep you accountable, and it's all from a free stupid app. I can't ever say how amazing that is. And I was a kid, I had to download all my porn from Lymwire. And there were no previews. You just had to hope that the person that titled it, two girls in one cup was actually being honest. It wasn't two dudes. So head over to whatever app story you have, and download an app called My Fitness Pal. Don't freak out, it's free. They're gonna want you to upgrade, but you don't need that shit. Once you have it downloaded and logged in, just click on the more tab and then click on goals. It's gonna ask you your starting weight and your current weight. They should be the same unless you've lost a little bit of weight already, you want to pet yourself on the back, go for it. Then it's gonna ask you your goal weight, which could be 10, 15 pounds of fat loss, could be a hundred pounds. You could be a big, chubby mess and you need to lose half of your body mess. Whatever it is, put it in there. Then it's gonna ask you how many pounds a week you want to lose. I suggest putting this at two pounds a week. It's gonna give you pretty much the perfect calorie deficit and then it's gonna ask your activity level. I just put active networks. So next, you're gonna click on the tab that says calories, carbs, protein, and fat goals. First thing you're gonna notice is that it's a very sad calorie number, but don't worry. I'm gonna show you how to set up your macros in a way that makes you wanna not kill yourself. And again, I'm just showing you exactly what I would do. So if you think it's too hard, then go find another YouTuber that'll give you the exact formula while he's flexing in his living room. So starting with the most important thing, you're protein. I'm gonna make that anywhere from 40 to 45% of my calories. And personally, I'm going to 45% because that puts me in that sweet spot, which is a hair above that gram per pound. For me, the next important thing is fat. And I'll make that 35% of my calories because I can inhale an entire box of cereal and that won't give me a chub, but if I spread out some healthy fats throughout the day, I'll stay pretty satiated. And that last 20% from carbohydrates, I'll split and put it before and after my workout. Now you can either do it equally, or I value post workout in a tritian more, I'll do a third before and then two thirds after. And on your non-training days, you can just move those to your first and second meal, or just cut them out completely, because as hard as it seems in the moment to try to squeeze out a fart, silently next to your wife and have her not hear it, it really doesn't expend that much energy. And what else you're doing? So if you're wondering what I want to sweat like an asshole, it's because it's Arizona. And I can't turn the air conditioning on otherwise you can hear that buzzing in the background. So it's bad enough I shave my head for a dick joke. Now that mushroom cap's gonna be extra shiny. And I thought about making a list that the best protein carbohydrate and fat sources, but then the day, as long as you hear your macros, that's all the matters. That's put up in a five or six meals, depending how long your day is, two and a half to three hours apart. It's for that protein evenly throughout carbohydrates before and after your workout. And I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say, a bulk of that fat toward the end of your day, because that's when you're starting to lose your shit and wanna rage your fridge, and that's what's gonna keep you a little more satiated. And then somebody always asks a question, well how do I get my fruits and vegetables in? You're not going to, there's no way, let's a Disney diet. It's not real. And that's where supplementing comes in because you just know where to hit that micronutrient target otherwise. And it's okay. They call it supplements for a reason. Don't freak out. Now usually when you share this with somebody, there's a pushback of either, I don't have the time or I don't have the money. Now the time one's easy. There's so many good meal service companies out there. I'll link a few below. Just have somebody else make it. Don't overthink it. Now the money one, I gotta saucepot for that because I've been there. When you're poor and you wanna be healthy, life sucks because healthy things are fucking expensive. So before I went vegan, I was competing and I wanna have a nice lean fish on my diet. So I went to the Shittiest grocery store. I can find in town food city. If you know, you know, I talked to a lady behind the counter by the name of Lupita. And I convinced her to give me the fish for a dollar per pound. That's how fucking gross it was. Came to me in a box. And what it was is a big frozen block of fish. And he had to chip it off, put it in a pan, it would melt into mush. And it tasted like tears. So eventually I got fed up with dry heaving every time I ate. And I found a website called migroshudeos.com. We just put in your zip code, put in what you're looking for. And they'll show you the grocery stores around you and where the best sales are. Save your 50, 100 bucks a week. But with that being said, you could do all of that perfectly. And still not get results. Because you're still a dumpster fire internally. And that's why I'm a huge advocate of getting your blood worked on. Doesn't mean that something's gonna be off. But it's nice to know that you're not being held back by something that you could easily correct. And now it's incredibly easy. You can just take a test at home, send it in and you'll get results in a week. Or you could just keep doing the old fashioned way and flick it for half hour. And nothing happens. Then your dick's broken and your testosterone's probably low. And I'll leave a link of the company. I think that has the best test kits below. But I think you can also even test for gonorrhea. That way you can find out if that stripper you met last week and left you more than that shit streak, I'm sure. And that should about cover it. Get you on the right track and unfuck your life. If you need help with training, check out my 30 day Grods program. It's 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. And if you actually are gonna use this to get back on the right track, these two videos will help you out. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.