This is going to change the way you look at supplements. For F. I would bet that your supplement collection looks exactly like mine. Preworkout, STEM, no STEM, creatine, glutamine, and of course protein. A lot of protein. And up until recently, I would have said no matter the category of supplement, they're all fairly similar. They have small tweaks in their formulation, and the only real noticeable differentiator is taste. But then I fell down a rabbit hole of class action lawsuits. FDA requested recalls analytical testing and realized, to this day, this is still one of the most corrupt and unregulated industries there is. Come on, how bad is it? Well, in 2024, you know, last year, a company came out with a mushroom chocolate ball. And it contained lion's mane, re-che, CBD, very mundane ingredients, and they marketed as a psychedelic microdosing of mushrooms. The problem is they also snuck in actual silocin, which is a controlled one-cycle active substance, as well as a synthetic silocin. And on top of that, sprinkled in a prescription anti-convulsion just for the hell of it. 73 hospitalizations and three deaths later, it's off the market. I just picture somebody's gramma getting hold of one of these things and flip it out. Microwave in the cap. The problem is, anybody can play this game. The fact that Amazon now requires third party testing doesn't really mean shit, because it's not hard to get a high quality bench top sample made. Submit that for testing, get the certificate, and use that same batch number on a lower quality product. With that uncle of yours that used to make math out of the bathtub, can now repurpose it and use it to produce magnesium L3 in it. My goal with this video is obviously to call out any sneaky bullshit some of these companies are still pulling to this day. But even more important than that, I would like to come up with a strategy that helps me make better decisions in terms of what supplements are good, in which ones are hot garbage. Because right now, I'm in the dark just like you. Who fucking knows? Let's start this off with the $22 billion global market of protein fuckery. We all remember back in 2015, 2016, several companies got caught for spiking their protein. That's, that's one of them. Either sprinkling in some free, former amino acids or even worse than that, adding non-protein containing nitrogen compounds, I.E. Creatine. Real dick moves. But nobody really does that stuff anymore, right? Actually, maybe here's a study from 2021 that looked at 20 different commercial protein powders, and all of them had lower than labeled amounts of protein, ranging from 47% all the way down to 7. Some of my more hardcore analytical nerd friends might say, well, the method they used often under predicts the amount of protein because it has a hard time with hydrolyzed and free-form amino acids. But if we pair that study with this 2020-4 study that also found lower than expected, grams of protein per serving that then used an HPLC to detect the typical types of protein found in way, and those were also a hell of a lot less than they should be. If these proteins truly contain a standard way, then the total should be anywhere from three to four milligrams per milliliter. The highest of all of these. Why? Why would you do that? So either we're bringing back the good old days of scurron people like it's 2015, or there isn't a grejas problem with the protein manufacturing process as a whole. And I know there's going to be a comment that says, yeah, that's why I own eat whole food. Cool. Something more hardcore than an intro workout chicken breast, but you still have to admit there'd be times when it would be more optimal to have a protein powder that you could trust. And this brings up an important point that I haven't heard anybody talk about because most people don't have the same aspiriners fueled ADD that I do. And that's the fact that up to this point, we've just been talking about the quantity of protein in these products, but not the quality. To do that, we have to get into a little bit of basic chemistry. Some of you may have heard of the Mayard reaction, and if not, just think of it as the browning effect when you're cooking a steak. It's when simple sugars react with amino acids. The reason this is important to us is because the essential amino acid lysine has two amino groups, one of which being a more reactive, epsilon amino group. And when that reacts with a simple sugar, it becomes unavailable. The reason we can care less about this when it comes to something like a steak is because steak is a muscle. And there's very little simple sugars in a muscle, except for the small amount of glucose that's stored as glycogen, but in protein powders, there could be a very little or a short load of lactose. This spray drying process that all protein goes through to go from a paste-like substance, like the delicious one I used eat in art class, two age-ripe powder that hides the scuper, is hot enough to induce the Mayard reaction. But they also found another thing that can induce that reaction is just sitting on the shelf for long periods of time, so that protein you've had for four years in your cabinet probably not doing so great. The key thing I want you to take away, is there is a significant correlation between the amount of carbohydrates in the protein powder and the amount of blocked lysine. Now is blocked lysine the end of the world? No, but it does help us make better decisions going forward. For instance, I'll never buy a concentrate again no matter how well they market it. And stick to isolates, hydroslids and casings that have the least amount of carbohydrates. Give me zero. And some people might say, well, aren't those more processed, isn't that bad? No, you don't. Processing, refinement, and even the denaturing of protein isn't a bad thing. Practically, that's just the unfolding of the protein from its 3D structure and it's still 100% bioavailable. The best analogy I can give you is I'm sure you've seen those guys in remote African tribes that take their dick, wrap around a stick and stretch to the floor and then wrap it around themselves like a belt. The end of the day, it's still a dick, even though it functions as a belt. Yeah. It's never a bad idea to choose a supplement based upon whether or not they have a certification, whether it's a USP or the harder to get NSF. But the more analytical chemists I talk to, just because they met the standard to get the certification, doesn't mean they uphold the standard. Yes, NSF certifications have annual check-ins to make sure the standards are still in place, but not to go full conspiracy theorist on you. Even though the certifications appear to be a consumer-friendly business looking out for you and me, they get paid by the companies to put their logo on the bottle. So it makes sense to just keep letting them fuck up. And if you think that's crazy, go look up the companies that have lost their NSF certification. Don't worry. I'll wait because you won't find any. So even though there's hundreds of products every year that get recalled because they suck and it wasn't hard to find that one of those was also NSF certified. So it begs the question, what happened there, but which brings us to our next category of deceit that I'm going to call bullshit science. And I'm not even talking about anything like the O-Hurne Duck eggs. It goes beyond that. I'm talking about when a company uses terms like clinically proven or science back to remote their product when the evidence for the ingredient at best is conflicting. The testosterone boosting market is full of this. Of the 109 supplements that have been marketed as having the ability to increase your total testosterone, only 27 actually have evidence to show that they truly can. And of those 27, 15 also have evidence that shows either have no effect or can decrease your testosterone. So that sucks. For example, even if we look at a supplement with good supporting evidence around it, like Tom Cat Alley, when you look at the five most prominent studies and average out the total testosterone increase, it's only around 77 nanograms for decilator. And if you're wondering why somebody who actually takes testosterone and care about this, it's because I see commercials with Doug Floody who said his life was falling in part before he took his supplement like this. And now he's happier than ever and he's eye for towering girls with frank Thomas every night. It gives false hope to men with real hypogonatism. The worst abuser of bullshit science is a company that constantly emails me trying to pay me to promote their products, which I assume will stop after this is AG1. Their website is full of percentages from in vitro studies that don't mean any only double blind placebo controlled trial they've done sucks all the dicks. Even with them putting as much spin as they could on the results, the best they could say was that two of the probiotics were able to survive the GI passage and reach the large intestine to put it plainly. You're able to ingest their product, which has those two probiotics in it, and you're able to shit them out. And the other thing is, you've made corn. Everything from your mouth to your asshole is still considered the outside world. The only thing that matters is what you pull in or what becomes part of your system. Another category we have to talk about is one that I call sneaky, sneaky bastards. This is one company's failed to disclose an ingredient that most people wouldn't give two shits about, but for some reason they hide it anyways. A good example of this is element. They said they had four milligrams of multidectin in their product, but it turns out after a little analytical testing, they have up to 550 milligrams, and they hide it in the natural flavoring. Now, I don't really give a shit about an extra two calories. It's the fact that they lied, because they're basically just selling us a delicious salt, because the magnesium and potassium levels are completely off. So I know you're making a huge margin. You could at least get it right without sneaking in some out of the shit. And when you read their response, it was just, oops, what this actually does is highlight a bigger issue that a lot of people are going to start to figure out that I found out when I tried to develop my own supplements. Is that if you want something that tastes good, you have to hire a third party company to come in and develop a flavor system for your product, and you don't have to label that as shit. That could just be under artificial or natural flavor. And they could put in whatever the hell they want. There could be a guy in the factory line that just drops his balls in every jug, just has zested up. Or they hide in some sort of multidectin. You get the point. So after all of that, it begs the question, how in the hell are we supposed to figure out what supplements are any good? I had somebody reach out and so you should check out now supplements because they do this kind of analytical testing as well and they turning companies that fail. But that's like somebody's little brother who tattled tails all the time and then more I looked into it, they've also failed tests. So all they're really doing is saying hey, you should go check out that company. They suck. What in reality, they suck as well. I like the idea of consumer labs, but they test things that none of us would ever take. Have you ever heard of that? What is that? What is that? So I was going to end this video by saying sorry, I failed. There's no way to even know no one's coming for you. But just by a stroke of dumb luck, I got connected to a startup that I think's going to change everything. Running these analytical tests on the supplements that we all use, putting it inside an app, and there is no subscription paywall bullshit like that. It's going to be live in two months and the best part is they said ask your community what you want to test and we'll test it. So I'm going to put a link below to a form and you tell me what protein powders pre-workouts creatine, gas station boner pills that are probably hiding some sort of vagrantum. We're going to blow these companies out. They are going to be pissed. Also something that I didn't even mention heavy metals testing. When you guess one of the companies I talked about earlier failed said test. You guys are f-