When it comes to growing your delts, this is the most important thing to understand. And it's not the fact that based upon cadaver studies, the deltoid muscle is actually even more segmented than we previously thought. That's not it, you're missing the point. It's the fact that if you understand fiber orientation and look at how the segments originate, you're going to notice that big round wide boulder shoulders are actually mostly posterior and anterior delt. The true lateral head of your delt, the segment that's perfectly aligned for shoulder abduction, is actually incredibly small. The moment I realized this, I changed the way I trained them. And they started to grow. They went from this piece of shit to, alright. So let me walk you through some of the changes I made starting with rear delts, because most people suck at training those, the most. Also we might as well go through and rank some of the exercises because I had fun with that last time. Now when it comes to hypertrophy training, we should either be trying to take that rear delt through a full range emotion or my personal favorite, partial range emotion at longer lengths because we've all seen the research we know works shut up. The second and arguably even more important factor is being able to isolate down to the rear delt as much as possible. Which proves to be incredibly difficult because either you're doing moments where your shoulder is abducted and you're working in the transverse plane and your trapscrew things up, or you drop that arm down and now you're worried about your laps. So what the hell are we supposed to do? My knee. There's actually some pretty good science on this that answers that question that we'll get into later. And I know that some people are here that being able to isolate a muscle is not an necessity for growth. And in some cases, you're absolutely right. In one study where they had two groups of people doing leg extensions, one they told to completely feel and flex the muscle and the other one just throw the weight up, there was no statistical difference between the two. And that makes sense because it's pretty hard to screw up a leg extension. But when they did the same thing with bicep curls, one group flex the weight up, the other one dry humped it up, the non dry humpers saw significantly more growth. Now how that relates to training your delts is that there's a lot of secondary muscles that can jump in and screw things up. So we need to understand the optimal movement patterns to be able to limit that, but also be able to flex the weight up and not just throw it up. Let's start out with most people's go to exercise. The machine rear del fly. Now as is, for me, it's a D because my traps hungry, hungry, hippo, this shit out of this exercise. So it doesn't even make my rotation. We can improve this exercise slightly by just grabbing higher on the handles and then you have yourself a D-plucks. One of the things that we can do that will actually redeem this exercise by sitting sideways and doing unilateral rear del flies. For me, that's a solid beat. The reason being is now we're putting that rear del at an extreme length. However, it's important to understand and control your scapula when you're trying to create length on your rear del. What we're trying to do is force pro traction, not elevation. If you allow them to elevate, you've now engaged your upper trap and good luck with that. A good way to visualize correctly putting them at length is just thinking about wrapping those scapula around your ribgitch. Scapula, just in case you're an asshole. Now knowing that, it actually makes it a lot easier to put your posterior del at length even when you're facing forward. Because all we have to focus on now is keeping those scabs depressed and punching forward. Now I will do these as length in parcels because it's not a matter of time before your traps jump in. It's a matter of range of motion. The higher you go up, the more they're going to engage because it's just proper, healthy, scapula, humor rhythm, it's going to happen. So length impartials turns this exercise into an A. Side note, if you're wondering why I'm wearing this cool compression sockets because the other day I was doing the single leg calf raises on the leg press and I locked my knee at a little too much. Ha! Didn't even hurt. The pop was just so loud it scared the shit up. I ran as fast as I could to the airport, which wasn't very fast. Optin' a plane, went to Texas, got an ultrasound and turns out my gastroch, fine. Solius, split-and-half. And thanks to Ways to Well, I got stem cells in there the next day. On top of the fact I'm locally injecting BPC-157, TB-500, laying my leg on a red, near-and-for-ed light, even going and using a hyperbaric chamber. So by the time this is healed I should have a pretty good protocol for anybody that tears any muscle and hates their life. It's going to be a decent run. The typical recovery for an injury like this is roughly around six weeks before you can start physical therapy and using it again, which is wild because for me it happened three weeks ago today and I'm not doing calf raises or anything but I did train legs yesterday and went pretty damn good. I'm trying to get Ways to Well to implement some sort of my life button on their website. That way when you get injured you can click it, fly down and get stem cells the next day because it makes a huge difference. Case studies. Next up, let's talk about another popular movement, dumbbell rear-delflies. Doesn't matter if you're doing them standing in your bend over or your lying in incline bent for me, both of them are a seaid best. Now remember when you're working in this plane emotion, your traps have to engage otherwise there is something literally wrong with them. So the only way to limit their involvement is by shortening the range of motion and for me that knocks it up to a B tier exercise. Now one of my few S tier exercises for rear-delfts is actually by laying on the same client bench but instead bring your arms closer to your body focusing on reaching out of the bottom and then scooping back. If you've ever tried it then you know it's phenomenal but the science behind it doesn't really add up. Because the posterior delts have a very similar function to the lats which is obviously a bigger stronger muscle so it's going to take over and take the run of the load so how can I even justify this exercise and then one day I found it. I was mining my own business, producing the internet looking for your good old average Alabama hot pocket when I found this case study. The official name is moment arms crossing the anatomical shoulder which sounds innocent enough but holy hell it is not it's dark. What they did is wired up all the major tendons across the glintle at your real joint to a dynamic cadaver testing apparatus. I eat your grandma that you loved so much that when she passed you thought I'm going to donate her body to science because that's what she would have wanted. This is what happened to her. They stronger up like a puppet. Grandma no. There's my attempt at an example of what it looked like because I don't know if I can even show you the images from the case study because they didn't even bother cleaning off your grandma's arm. There's blood all over it. Here I'll just show real quick and blurred out. Pretty wild huh? Bear with me for a second. What this study allowed them to do is get instantaneous internal moment arms of muscle sub regions. We're looking at mechanical advantage in producing torque at these particular movements. And for the most part we know that more torque is going to mean that the muscle is more effective at that movement. Which brings up an important point. We've all heard of external moment arms. In this scenario the folk are measure shoulder the cable pulling up is the force and there is the moment arm. So just looking at it the lat and the posterior del have a very similar moment arm so the lat's obviously a bigger muscle that's going to do the bulk of the work. But you have big dummy you forgot about internal moment arms. Internal moment arms have a disgusting formula that we don't need to get into. But what you do need to know is that it also factors in the insertion point of the muscle as well as the line of action. So now knowing that and looking at the data from the study you're going to see that when your arm is inflection the posterior del is actually better at extension of the arm pulling it back towards your body than the latism is door side. And that has everything to do with the line of action of each of those muscles. The posterior del is mostly horizontal pulling straight back while the latism is door side is pulling it like a 60 degree ish angle. We're deep in the shit today, so to recap a straight arm equals more torque on the shoulder. A bent arm shortens the distance from shoulder to hand, putting less torque on the shoulder to move the same amount of weight which then equates to more lat involvement. All of that was just to prove that the lying incline dumbbell rear del raise where your arms are close to your body is one of the best S tier exercises there is because it takes your traps completely out of it and your lats are less effective in that position than your posterior del. This did however also change the way I train my lats because I used to do cable pullovers with a real straight arm and I felt this awful pain that I thought was in the insertion of it. And in reality if you look at the data from that study it's probably your terries major because that score to even higher than the lat as well. So if you want to target your lats you should probably bend your arms more. Changes everything. Idiot. Before quick note on this exercise it doesn't mean keep your arms as close to your body as possible. We still have the factor in fiber orientation and when you look at the posterior delts you see how those fibers wrap around. The best way to think about is put yourself in a lats spread and that's the path you want to pull up on. That also means that the barbell version of this exercise is also S tier. Now I don't have to do the whole just try it. If you like it keep it if not now I'll just shut the fuck up. Now cables are a tricky baster they can either be phenomenal or suck at. The exercise I used to do a ton when I was younger and I still see people do it every time I go to the gym is that high dual cable rear delt flop. The problem is raise your arm above your head you're going to notice your trap is fully engaged because it has to be that's responsible for tilting that scapula up. That's why nobody really does side ladders above 90 degrees. Some people do but some people are idiots. So this exercise for me is a stupid stupid. Don't do it. The bent over unilateral version is a nice idea because again you're stretching across your body but as you start to come up the further you go your traps are at up. It's a D D plus for me it really just comes down to two exercises on here that I absolutely love. The first one being the dual cable variation where you keep your arms closed your body because again mimics the same thing we do on the dumbbells but it's constant tension and you can kind of tilt your body back and forth to find that perfect angle phenomenal. It's an S. But if I can only do one rear delt exercise for the rest of my life which in itself is a dumb game to play it would be this variation. The single arm rear delt partial range of motion we're focusing on that stretch actually turning your body slightly into it. It's a horrible stretch. It's a great connection. The only squeeze so much and you can overload it if you want to go nice and heavy it's the fucking best. I know we kind of went deep into the weeds today so I apologize but if it's something you're interested in and you like it then we could do the side delton front del variation and continue this otherwise I'll just go back to working out and make a dick jokes. Okay with that. And if you don't already know I just released two new 30 minute programs. One's for people who have access to full gym equipment the other one for people that are stuck in their garage. Both of them are death. I don't care how much time you have this program is harder than anything you're doing I guarantee it. If you don't believe me just buy it and if you don't like it I'll give you your money back and send you a nice delicious bag of little gummy dicks.