I've looked through all the research run in the upper pack and I've realized we've been training our chest wrong this entire time. Check this out. Everyone from Jeff to your friendly neighborhood exercise scientist to really anybody who has ever made content about the upper chest to fix it being either a quarter or a third of the size of your chest. But the problem is that's not correct. Exhibit A, couldavers of the pectoralis major that show us that the collicler had might actually be a lot smaller than we previously thought. Now I understand that most couldavers are dehydrated old people that look like one of those Tony's pizzas that you've forgotten the oven because you got too high so it might not be a good representation of what the actual chest looks like. But we can also look up MR images of a healthy pectoralis major and see that the clove clear head is so small it pisses you off. It's important to understand that the collicler had only originates on the medial half of the cleft. Some people will show it connecting all the way down to the maneuvering but that's not that's your sternal costal hand. If we bring back up the Omega level chest of Franco Colombo and repaint that thing by numbers correctly even though it looks like there's a clear upper and lower half what most people fail to realize is that sternal costal head has actually made up of six sometimes seven individual segments. That's what we're looking at here. That much development. And if we zoom in you can see his upper chest is actually right there. Here's a fun little exercise you can do to yourself. Touch your neck vagina, your jugular notch, go up on one side and find the peak from their draw straight line to right above your armpit that makes up the inferior fibers of your cloveicular head. Now half your clavicle and go down on that same path that's the superior fibers. And now you should be fucking disappointed. Okay so the upper chest is predominantly superior fibers of the sternal costal head. But the real question is does that affect how we train it? And I think the answer is yeah because it's not just random youtubers that got this wrong. Some researchers did as well. Like this one which is fairly significant because this one that a lot of people cite when they give their recommendations on how to grow the upper chest. It concluded that the best way to target the clavicular head, the upper pack was to set a bench up at 30 degrees and press with your elbows at 45 degrees. Which you might have heard of before because everybody says that. Also everybody's upper chest sucks. So there's that. The only issue is if you look at where they place the electrodes knowing what you know about the origin and insertion, they fucking missed. So oops. Now by all means if your chest is growing then keep doing what you're doing. Mine on the other hand always sucked and never grew. So for me this newfound understanding changed the way I train my upper chest. And pairing that with the increased range of motion I got from focusing on retracting my scabs with every single movement actually got it to grow. And by no means is my chest now huge but you have to understand I have zero chest genetics. This is me as a kid. There is no chest. It's all nipples and they're not even good. They're like others. Let me show them. So one of the things I've changed in regards to targeting the sternal costal head is that previously I would max the bench height out at 30 degrees and keep my elbows at 45 degrees because that's what I read. But now that we know that the upper pack is actually mostly attached to the sternum, when I train upper chest, I'll go as high as 60 degrees sometimes. And not worry about the anterior adult jumping in because that's more dependent on your ability to retract your scabs and move those shoulders out of the way. Most of your upper titty meat is just these superior segments of the sternal costal head. And I treat it as such. That means not pressing with my elbows at 45 degrees but actually abducting as I go to the eccentric and then adducting as I contract up. I've also changed the way I train my calivic that are head as well because even though it's small and stupid, if you take a look at your grandma's dead body that you thought would be a good idea to donate to science, not knowing they would hack her up in the little pieces and test the 18 muscle sub regions that cross the glental humoral joint, finding that the calivic at her head outpaces the anterior adult pretty much the entire time you take your arm through flexion means that an exercise like this, as dumb as it looks, is great for targeting that head and has made it into my rotation. Even though it feels real stupid. That also means when I'm pressing on an incline but not trying to target those superior sternal costal segments and want to hit my calculator head, I will keep my elbows as close as I can to my body to make it a flexion dominant press. Because the anterior adult can create the most leverage when pressing in the scapular plane. So when people press with their elbows at 45 degrees and then complain that they feel it on their delt, no shit. That's going to happen. So the big takeaways. Number one, most of your upper pack is actually attached to your sternum and maneuvering and as part of your sternal costal head. So don't be afraid to increase the angle of the bench and abductor elbows to create the most length on that head. Number two, the clovecitor head albeit small and stupid is best targeted when taking that arm through flexion. So you can do that dumb exercise. I showed you or just make all of your presses flexion dominant press. And that's it. Once you start doing those two things, your upper chest will suck a hell of a lot less. And if you're one of those people that think you've gotten a lot bigger in a short period of time, it's increased frequency. You want a program that does that. Get the upper lower program. It is rough. There's a garage one as well. Just in case you live at home with your mom. Yeah.