Alright, today we're hitting shoulders in one of the most painful ways possible. Giant sets. Originally through this in the last couple workouts, I am been this sort of long time. And I know, soreness is not 100% indication of growth, but it sure is how let you know that you're not half-ass in any more. Let's get after it. There are several ways you can do giant sets. It's really just four exercises back, the back, the back, the back, the back. You can hit just different muscles. You can focus on the same muscle group and hit it in different areas, or if you're sadistic like me, you can single out one muscle and just destroy it. So what we're going to do is set up a separate giant set for front side and rear delts, all really high reps, three sets of each. This is going to hurt. I recently did this with legs and somebody came up halfway through and they're like, hey, I love your channel and I was just toast. I just looked at them. I had no idea. I was out of it. We're starting over that lateral head. So we're going to go heavy parses at the bottom movement, regular side ladders and then parses at the top of the movement, then hop it over here. And then we're going to do a wide grip upright row. So if you're playing along at home, let's run through these, the parses at the bottom of the movement, don't treat it like a side lad or you're cutting in half because I don't want that same movement on what they've been with your elbows. Straighten those arms out. Once you feel like you're just locking those elbows out and pushing those demos away from you and letting that lateral head when it's done flexing, that stops the contraction. You shouldn't go any higher, shouldn't force up anymore. The traditional side ladders are really about preference. Just try to find what you connect with the most. For me, I tilt that head for a little bit, bring those traps out of it, and bring those demos in front away. I can pull them up a little bit more and pull back just to hear as I'm coming up. Just have a better connection with those. Where the parses are the top, there's a couple ways you can do these. I just chose to make the top of the movement parallel, drop a little lower, and then flex it back out. Make sure not bouncing it back up, but by this point, you're probably going to be bouncing. With the Delphocus upright rows, make sure you grab wide enough so you're not pulling into those traps. Make sure the hands are nice and wide, pulling up. The elbows should be a perfect right angle. Then I also find tilting a little bit forward. We'll help keep it out of those traps as well. Find the next giant sets for rear delts. Starting out with the standing bent over rear delphly, and a more of an isolated line rear delphly, then a tilted rotation, and then most underutilized barbell exercise for rear delts there is. So if you're still playing along and you haven't quit because you pissed a little blood or you threw up this morning's mid-griddle, let me go over the exercises. So with the standing rear delphly, the same thing applies that did to the standing regular side laterals, just do what you feel the most. I would play around with your grip, go from neutral, pronated, even supinated, sometimes as a great connection to it. Also the path, some people feel great just going right out to the side. Some people need to change that arc and come out and then wrap around their body a little bit. With the lying part, so for the rear delts, big note there is make sure you tilt that head forward as you're laying down. Don't arch that neck back and flex those traps. That'll make them take over the entire movement. For those tilted rotations, make sure you keep it fairly light because you want to be able to drive that force into your rear delts. So tucking those elbows into your side, touch those hands together, and then rotate them around and let that rear delts pull the way around. And you're going to have a similar thought process with that barbell movement. Trying to keep that back nice and flat and feel like those rear delts are pulling that bar up and over your ass. If you got a fan ass like I do, good luck. Do you made it this far in the workout? Congratulations. You're pretty sick human being. You're way beyond the point of being blood. You should be pissing all sorts of different colors by this point. And that's not even a joke. One of the few jobs I had was that the supplements door because obviously I'm unemployable. Nobody should ever hire me. And I was sitting there with some kid came in and he goes, hey, I bought this like two weeks ago. And you know, a week ago, I was like pissing blood. That wasn't too worried. But recently, I sort of piss in rainbow colors. You think I should stop taking it? So let me get this straight. You peed blood. That wasn't a red flag. But when you started pissing what appeared to be a bowl of fruit loops, that bothered you. All right, all we got left is front delts. We're going to hop on the cable machine, doing front raises with the rope attachment, and then grab a plate, doing rotations, raises, presses. After this, if your parents aren't proud of you, then never will be. First thing, those front raises of the rope, I find it better just to tilt the little forward. If you're straight up and down, by the time you get your legs, let's just want to jump in, flex and just take over the movement. So tilt the little forward, it'll keep in those anterior delts. With the rotations about the halfway point, I try to have that arm take over the entire movement. Sometimes even drop my arm on that and just let that arm control the entire thing, hold the weight a second, then grab the other hand underneath, pick it up, and then that one takes over the movement. I just find it puts a lot more pressure on those delts and really just burns them out a lot quicker. I'm trying to isolate as much anterior delts as possible, so grabbing really low on their hands close together and trying to keep those elbows tucked in, so it's more of the anterior delts, less of that lateral head jumping in. With the presses, you're just trying to force as much of the lettuce possible. So I find that tilting a little forward and driving those elbows back a little further, getting closer to a lockout, is going to push so much more blood in there. If you liked that, here's another video in shoulders. Also just another one of my favorites. Most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell. And as always, get after get growing. Dr. Jesu.