testosterone is still one of the most controversial topics. You're either on team nanny for life or you've chosen the dark side. But I think that's a real shortsighted way of looking at things because testosterone and most men peaks at the age of 19 and then shortly after your total testosterone drops by roughly 1.6% every year. So really it's just a matter of time before effects is all. Now whether or not you want to take more of a natural approach or get a doctor to prescribe your testosterone is really up to you. So let's dive into the science of testosterone and break down one of the biggest flaws and what they consider a normal range. The studies around these natural testosterone boosters and one of these that might actually work. And if you're going to take TRT, the most optimal way to do it. I guarantee you're not doing it like this. It's important we start off this video by making sure you have a basic understanding of the hypothermic pituitary gonaddle axis. It all starts with the hypothermists. This little bastard mongers the hormones in the body via the bloodstream. For example say you're a 30 year old man living in your mom's basement. Your hypothalamus if it's working correctly should sense your hormones are low and then secrete GNRH. That hormone is then what stimulates the bituatary gland to release LH and FSH. The luteenizing and follicul stimulating hormones eventually make their way to the testies via the bloodstream and bind to ladeges cells. I'm sure at some point in your life you've seen this exact hormone cascade. More than likely your doctor headed up in his office just to flex on you. What you should immediately notice is that cholesterol is the precursor to all steroid hormones. It's the building blocks your house, the cladier sculpture. It's the pubes to your charsarding. The late exels are what gather up the cholesterol and use it to synthesize testosterone. Again, this is all happening with specialized cells that are inside your balls. That entire process, the hypothermic pituitary gonaddle axis can be affected by many things. Illness, injury, environmental changes that time you sat on your balls all could have a negative impact. You may have noticed that some of these intermediates look an awful lot like the pro hormones that were out in the late 90s, early 2000s. That's because they are. For example, synthetic androstein dion is bioavailable. It's what Mark McGuire took and then hit 70 fucking home runs. The craziest part is this team came out and said that androstein dion has shown no anabolic effects. It's a direct precursor to testosterone. Nobody gives a shit. We all like home runs. Just don't lie to our face. It's obvious. The understanding of how to manipulate the steroid hormone cascades, bond an entire niche within the supplement industry. If you went to high school in the early 2000s, either you or one of your friends became a complete man child after taking super draw, which is just a methylated version of DHT. Methyl meaning that one of the carbons is bonded to three hydrogens. In this case, it's actually the second and 17th position. It just makes it more effective, harder to break down, but also obviously more liver toxic. And if you think that pro hormones sound like a crude way to increase your production, then you have no idea about the disturbing history of endocrinology. Time for a quick history lesson. Let's take a trip down memory lane to the late 1800s. In 1876, a man by the name of Alexander Rambel invented the telephone. In 1879, Thomas Edison, the lightbulb. And in France, in 1889, the most innovative of them all, Charles Brown's secret was chirping off dogs and guinea pigs, scooping up their semen and injecting it into his arm. Come on, Charles. What are we doing? That's not a joke. He's the father of endocrinology. Now, we've come a long way since back when Charles was diddling dogs for their precious dog water, but there still isn't real consensus between authorities on what is a healthy or normal range. It makes it incredibly hard to figure out if you're even a candidate for testosterone therapy in the first place. Depending on what society your doctor uses as a guideline to help make recommendations will dictate what is a healthy range. On the low end, it's typically around the 300s, but I've seen his lowest 130, which at that point you've already jumped in front of a bus, so you don't need testosterone. And on the higher end, it's usually in the 900s, but I've seen it all the way up to 1500. And that only deals with total testosterone. It completely disregards free testosterone, which most doctors who actually work with patients will say is a better tool to diagnose and manage people with low testosterone and more represents what's actually available to them. All the experts say that total testosterone... I hate to say it's irrelevant, I just don't pay as much attention to it, and I pay attention to the free testosterone. How much do you have available for use? She's the one from Waste World at Monterrey's on my blood work prescribed by testosterone peptides, etc. She's a huge reason why I made so much progress over the past year and a half. She also gave me a great way to explain testosterone therapy to people that have obvious signs of low t, but are still hesitant. Let's say at 20 years old you had a total testosterone around 1200. And a healthy percentage of free testosterone 2%. By the time you hit 30 years, you're still going to be in a healthy range, probably somewhere around 850, but to you, that will feel like death because your optimal was 1200. It's less about where you are and more about symptom relief and where you feel your best. And that's really my guide between the free testosterone, SHPD, and symptoms. It reminds me there's a couple more things you need to understand. testosterone itself is hydrophobic. Remember it synthesizes from cholesterol, so at its core it's a lipid. So it has a hard time traveling through your blood, which is mostly water. So it attaches to carrier proteins like SHBG, sex hormone binding, globular, more albumin, which is a general carrier protein and a very small small percentage just as fuck it and fruits freely through your blood. The testosterone bound SHBG is pretty much considered useless. It has such a high affinity towards testosterone that their scissor sisters for life. The albumin bonded testosterone is still considered bio-available because it has less of an affinity and can disassociate in times of need. But the holy grail is your free testosterone. Because it's an unbound lipid itself, it can pass for the lipid bylayer of the cell membrane and attach to hydrogen receptors whenever needed. Which is crazy to think that your body produces that much and has that many regulatory mechanisms in place just to make sure you only end up with 1 to 3% of free testosterone. The key takeaway is no the players. If your blood work has your total testosterone, abhuman and sex hormone binding, globular, you can use that to calculate your free testosterone, which should be based upon all my research above 2%. That calculation tells you that if your total testosterone is in range which your free testosterone is not, then the SHBG is to blame. Problem is, SHBG is largely genetic. But they do prescribe things that you never thought they would like deck up because that's one of the benefits. If you're curious, these are some of the common symptoms associated with low tea. So if you're someone who's total tea falls into that lower end of the range or maybe your free testosterone is just a smaller percentage than it should be or just on symptoms alone, you fall into the category of hypogonatism. Are there any good natural ways to boost your own testosterone? Don't get too excited because the title of this meta-analysis immediately shifts in your cereal. After going through the individual case studies, there was one of these that showed significant improvements. One cat, Ali, also known as however the hell you say that. There was definitely a few randomized control trials that increased total testosterone, but knowing what you know now, you should be asking the question, what about free testosterone, what about sex hormone binding colloquialin? Because that's what matters. And at the end of the day, even though these results are statistically significant and extra 50 to 75, even 100 nanograms for desoliter, it's not going to really move the needle. Not going to fix your broken deck. It does make me wonder when they say they use 200 milligrams of ton cat, Ali. How certain are they that was actually 200 milligrams? And that's why about this. It's not ready, but I have to take it to a lab near me. This is an HPLC. It's what I'm going to use to test to see if companies are screwing us. So if you happen to be a company that's nitrogen spiking your protein or underdosing all your supplements, I will find you and I will kill you. So I obviously put money on the fact that I think it happens more than anybody realizes. So if you're somebody that needs testosterone therapy, then I think just getting testosterone prescribed is the best bet. I'm not too proud to admit, then when I was younger, I had sleep apnea, which take my testosterone broke my dick and ruined my life and tell I figured it out. A CPAP and testosterone therapy saved me. I would have been non-binary by now. And this video is already insanely dense. So I'll end it by saying that my TRT dose instead of doing a weekly shot or multiple times a week, I will take a micro dose and take it sub-utaneously daily. Whether you want to look at pharmacokinetics or the natural circadian rhythm of how testosterone is released in your body, it's the closest thing to mimic that. Also if you didn't know there's a new 12-week full-jump program inside the soil lab. Get after it.