Recently, I have been making some serious progress from an upper lower split. And I figured you guys would probably want those precious gains as well. So I'll walk you through exactly how I set everything up because it's a little different than most people and it makes all the difference. Or just keep doing what you're doing. I'm sure you're doing great and your mom loves you. Mine took a dirt nap. So I got to keep going. Bottle and all up. The reason I'm so geared up about it is because it's the only change I've made over the last few months. I still take the same micro dose of testosterone, the same peptides, the same supplements. And even with that, the results have been significant. Also, since this happens to fall on an upper day for me, instead of just talking you through it, I figured I'd walk you through the entire workout. But when they're well-seased, don't get hung up on any certain machine I might be using. That's not what's important. It's the structure of the workout itself. I've looked at all the studies comparing low versus high frequency. There's a few that lean towards higher frequency, but when volume is equated, there is no difference. But I think it's due to the fact that I unknowingly increased my volume because of the way I structured the split. Hopefully we can go over this without recreating that infamous bodybuilding.com. Thread where people start arguing in the comments about how many days there are in the week. Because the way I set it up, it's a two days on one day off split that runs continuously, meaning that the first week you're going to hit upper body three times. The second week, lower body three times, the third week, and that means when you look at it on a per week basis, those muscles every third week are going to get a crazy increase of volume because you've added an additional workout. And we're not AI-fused robot slaves yet, so it's probably less about getting more volume within those 168 hours of the week and more about just increasing the volume overall. One thing I forgot to mention is because you're hitting everything at least two times a week, you can buy a specific workouts towards either lagging body parts or just whatever you want. The way I set it up is I have a chest focus up or day. That's what this one is. Where I do an additional exercise for chest and then I alternate that with a back focus. Where I do an additional exercise and sets for back. Another potential explanation of why this split is working so well is that your ability to generate maximum force within a muscle goes down with each sequential set. That means by not doing your typical, let's say 16 sets in a single session and splitting it up and doing 8 sets over two separate sessions, those sets on average will have a higher maximal force output which equates to more mechanical tension. And we all know mechanical tension is king, metabolic stress is a close second and damage. Damage is the equivalent to the first time a woman brings you over to her house and you realize that she has a lot of panties with holes in them. You can't prove that she's a horror, you just have a gut feeling on top of the fact that those holes are eerily similar to the circumference of the average male erect penis so you infer damage has been done. Now normally since I have an additional exercise to play with today this is where I would do some sort of fly movement but today for some reason I feel like my presses are all tits. I don't know if you were feel like that words it's like you're squeezing those fuckers when you press. So I'm going to do an incline press. Real high rep though because it's just me and the dog so if I get stuck I die. Thanks for nothing Pearl. Now there are a couple things that can make or break a split like this. One of which I would categorize as intensity. How many of the sets you did during your work at were taken to either three reps in reserve or even closer to failure? I personally say fuck it and always go to failure but the research says these are the same. The way I built out this gym is I have a list of all my favorite pieces I've used along the way. This one however is not one of them. Bumstick had this on his home gym tour and I thought yeah it looks decent and I know how much you can wrap your upper back around it. Probably perfect for hitting those rhomboids and mid traps and it's phenomenal. There's another piece in here like that. Look at this thing. I just sat on Facebook Marketplace every day waiting for some gram on a die that had this in their garage and I found one. If you look at it and think all that's probably a decent machine. It's the best quad machine I've ever used. You do ballgerians on that thing. Oh my god. It's out your ass. For back I've got one movement where I do a high elbow rope where I'm hitting those mid traps upper back and then I do one that's just lat-focused. The erected spine muscles get hit on actually leg day when I'm doing some sort of glute base RDL or stiff legs. And then again three days from now it's going to be an upper day that's more back focus with an additional exercise usually more lap. I also don't really believe in the premise of junk volume because I've seen a lot of studies where they did a shitload of volume and even indirectly hitting certain muscles for example doing a lot of presses increased across the external area of the triceps but when doing a split like this where you have to hit so many different body parts in this case junk volume would be any set that isn't taken close to failure. Obviously do your warm-up sets and make sure ready for the actual working sets but if you're doing a set and you hit a number and stop because you hit the number you're wasting your life. Next up I'm doing lat pull downs with a V-bar handle it's actually a prime handle. Did you guys know that their lead time is 56 or 57 weeks? How hard is it to weld the same shit over and over again? My Asian guy at MegaMass can get me a machine in a few weeks and he's just one guy. He's a one guy. The nice part about this split is you know you only have a few working sets for each body parts so it's not hard to get amped up and get yourself to push all the way to failure. It's not like you have one of those leg days where you have 20 sets ahead of you and you're like, oh should I really do hacks squats a day or should I just take it easy because you know I had a rough day didn't get all my water in. I also noticed it's really hard to over-train. I'm trying I'm trying to push myself as hard as I can every single set but there's only a few of them so even if they're restpaws or cluster sets wherever they are it doesn't matter I'm still ready to go three days from now. It's going on back there. It's like a fat roll of it's no we're gonna tell me that. Another thing that can screw up this split is your exercise selection. The one thing we know about a muscle is you get more of a stimulus for growth in those deeper ranges of motion that's why you're gonna see similar results from a length impartial to a full range of motion. And no we don't need to get into a pissing match to determine which one is better. That's more dependent on the exercise and whether or not there's active tension through the descending portion of the length tension curve. All I'm really saying is that this portion of the range of motion is a lot less impactful than the deeper portions because it puts those soar commeres at an optimal length and creates the maximum number of crossbridge formations between the mouse and heads in acting binding sites. I've gone too far. Now I like to program an exercise for each head of the delts. And yes I used to be one of those people that believe you didn't need to train your front delts because you get a lot of it during presses that's wrong. Once I started training my realized holy shit that's what gives you that full 3D round look from the side is your front delts tying into your upper chest. So yes you should train them. Why would you not? Oh but I get enough one just to do. I also do all my presses with my elbows tucked in. Doesn't matter if you're doing Smith's shoulder press whatever it is. I bring those elbows in and I get more isolation out of the anterior delts. And I don't know about you but I used to always hurt myself when I did presses with my elbows flared out to the side. Sure there's something to that. Again you don't need this exact machine. You could do the same thing with dumbbells. Just tilt the in and climb back a little bit further. That way it sits on your anterior delts slightly supinate the dumbbell and press. I'm doing three unilateral sets with very little rest in between except for this fucking hardware I'm talking. And then I'll do one set really high rep both at the same time. The reason I went down that glory hole was to show you my thought process and the reason why I select the exercises I do but even I hated that. To simplify it down exercise is need to allow for these two things. The first one being it has to allow for those exaggerated ranges of motion. As much as I like to randomly throw in a weird exercise like a coffin press which could potentially target those inner chest fibers more because other muscles have shown the ability for regional high-perch defeat. We don't have time. We only have a few exercise. We can't waste it on a coffin press. So fuck off. The second part of it is which of those exercises allow you to more effectively load the muscle at those longer legs. So if we use chest as an example, a fly is a great movement but it doesn't allow us to put as much of a load on that peck as a press does. So unless you're doing a chest focused day we have three exercises on that day. I wouldn't do it. Fuck off again. For the lateral head I often find the best thing you could do is just straight set. It allows you to focus in and make sure your form is not screwed up because oftentimes it is. These bastards somehow snuck back into my rear-doubt routine from time to time. It was right after I made that video where I ranked all the best shoulder exercises. I kept playing around with this one and really punching out even further and also turning those hands in even more so you feel like you're pulling away as you're doing it. It's been redeemed. I don't know what I grated it before like a B but low A. The key is don't pull those arms all the way out to the side. Go until you feel that rear-doubt stop contracting and then right before jumps into your traps. Freak out stop. Go back down. Also because we're limited on the number of sets we can do per body part because of the number of muscles we have to train the given day it would make sense to program some advanced sets. My two favorite are one breast posets where you push a set to complete failure take 10 to 15 seconds. Go again to failure at 10 to 15 seconds. Go again. In my variation of cluster sets where you push yourself to again failure but take a very very short rest in between like one deep breath and then go four consecutive times. It sucks very badly. Some people call those myel reps but on those when you fail on the consecutive sets you just stop. With mine you just keep going no matter what. Also I'll probably just never use that term because if you ever seen the guys website. Eikes. Programming for Hyateachievers. First thing it says on his website. Some people call me the goat but you can call me. You know that lady who sells farts and jars on TikTok I bought one and it's sitting there marinating in my cabinet just in case I figure out is a dress. Now I only program one exercise for by steps and for triceps and it changes each time but there are quite a few sets. Six sets each. Sometimes more if you count rest pause drop all that good shit. If you choose the right exercise it's enough. The one thing I've noticed with this type of split is your muscle stay full all the time. It's not like a bros split where you have to wait seven days they had a muscle again and by the time you do your legs look like you've never trained before you have to get two or three exercises in before you're like oh that's not that's not a child's leg that's mine. It's hard to explain if you haven't done it. You'll notice you're a little bit fuller. Now this is an exercise that would rarely program for other people because it's a pain in the deck to get into but it feels great. So I'm going to show you an example of the stretch and then pull into it. Now I'm going to sit here and do six straight sets with very little rest in between 30, 45 seconds because your arms don't need it which means you're probably going to end up dropping the weight which is fine. What was that so hard? Recently I got seriously into forearm training as you can see. So what I do is one of my off days I would actually train forearms and abs. It's still considered an off day. There's such a low systemic fatigue that it doesn't really matter. It's the same as sitting on your hand and giving yourself the stranger. It's not going to make a difference. It'll grow your forearms but it's not going to affect the rest of your workouts. Otherwise there's just not enough time to get those precious forearm gains and I need them because for a long time I had a little dick risk. They're actually starting to grow. Since the bench is already here I just flipped around them switching to an easy bar and going from close grip to white grip. I think it does very little in terms of long head short head. I just look at more as a mechanical drop. It's harder to do the close grip so you start with that and then you go into the white grip. Here is the exact workout we did today. Also the new upper lower split is live within the app and it is the best thing I've ever done. And I've saved the lady's life in a restaurant. It was choking on a piece of steak. I mean she was older and probably just looking for a way out and I stole that from her but either way this is my greatest accomplishment. It's a six week program but with equipment that everybody has access to if you go to a gym even a planet fitness you have everything you need to get the job done and I guarantee you'll like it. If you don't go through the whole program email me after you're done and say fuck you and I'll give you your money back. I highly down it though because it's a culmination of everything I've learned up to this point and it is fucking glorious. So click the link in the description. Get after it and get growing. And I said that one in a while that's weird.