Today we're hitting legs and because I've been doing something different, we should probably go over it. Now in the past, I would split up quads and hams that had their own separate day, throw a little glutes and calves and with them. But recently I've been fusing it all together and went along to disgusting horrible workout and it's worked. And just so you know, for me, it's not about just doing a bunch of compound exercises. I still believe you have to isolate it down the muscle you're trying to hit and kind of target each muscle as you go. We'll go over that more and then this is the exact workout that I just did. So why not do it again and really screw yourself up. So if you want to play along at home, let's get after it. Alright, so we're starting with walking line just because I don't know about you, but for me, with my knees are cold, crunchy, that awful feeling. I'm no good. I'm useless. I basically don't want to move any weight whatsoever, but when you get warm, I feel like a f***ing horse. If anybody gets to close me, I'll kick them in the face. But the one thing I want you to make sure you don't do is use all these walking lungesets as warmups. The first one, absolutely. It's body weight. It just means you need to just really grease up those knees, grease up those quads till you fill in your plums a little bit. And then from there, you're adding weight and those are working sets. So you shouldn't be skipping into the next exercise. You should be dragging yourself to it and dreading it. And the way I'm going to do lunges by slightly leaning forward, making them a little more quad dominant. Because the way I structure the day, it's going to be more quad movements first. It gets into glutes, then hamstring, stitches of the calves. Because for me, it's a lot harder to talk yourself into the hackscoats at the end of the day. And then in the beginning, it's just getting it over with. It sucks to finish with. Alright, next up we got two versions of hacksquad. Both of them very quad dominant. Now the first one is just traditional hacksquads. But what you're going to do is walk those feet as far down as you can with that letting those heels come up. And they're going to walk them in and make a V with them. What they're going to do is just put more pressure on those quads. And they're really emphasize it. You go all the way down three quarters of the way up. So it's killer. Fifteen reps there. Three working sets. And then from there, you're going to walk your feet all the way together to the point where they're touching. And then as you go up and down, I want you to drive your knees together. It's going to put more pressure on the outer quad, the vases later Alice. And to really screw up your life, grab something like a foam roller or just roll up a mat and put it behind you. Because what you want to do is actually take your shoulders out from underneath it and put it a little bit lower than your rear doubts. That way you lean forward even more. And there's more pressure on your quads. And the beautiful thing is even the economy tanks. You're halfway to a new money making skill because you're going to just squat your ass down to the floor. Now you just need to learn how to pick up a dollar with those butt cheeks. Next up we're doing lay first. Now this may seem like I'm just hopping into a compound mode trying to hit everything. But I'm not. I'm actually specifically trying to hit glutes. Now yeah, you're going to fill your quads jump in because they're just lit up from the exercise before. But if you did hack squats correctly and you push yourself as hard as you should of, at a certain point your quads are going to be like, fucking I'm out. Then everything left to give. And it should start to pull on those glutes and to really emphasize even more, we're going to go all the way down and then halfway up. Truly put even more tension on those glutes. And if anything take those quads out of it, they're still going to burn. But at a certain point you're going to get those glutes really jump in and fire and have to pull the weight off the bottom. One more thing to make sure your laser focus on those glutes is put those feet as wide as possible. Turn those toes out and it's fun at the hangout the edge a little bit. But the most important thing is actually drive those knees out the entire time. So I had somebody reach out recently and asked if I do any weird or quote unquote girly exercises. How you deal with it because they're getting a lot of shit. I think if you give any words of wisdom I would say, fuck them. Those at mine don't matter and those at matter don't mind. If I have to do some sort of weird or uncomfortable exercise and it gets me the result I want, I'm going to do it. Now I'm not going to make eye contact with anybody. I think you should avoid that at all costs. But don't be afraid to do the actual exercise. I mean the reason that women use these all the time is because they fucking work. So we're going to pair this up with hip abduction and it's going to be killer. And have you ever seen the machine in the glutei at her? I'll link to it below. I'm not affiliated with this guy anyway, but I think he's brilliant and understands by mechanics perfectly because mostly the abduction machines. I mean they might lean you back to my lean you forward, but at the end of the day, it's not the right path for hip abduction because what the glutei it does is instead of just going straight out. It starts to go out and then it opens you down and back and it's the perfect way to really flex those glutes. So we're going to mimic that same motion by getting our body involved by leaning forward to the negative and doing the contraction. You're going to lean back and try to create that same movement of opening those hips down and back. Look. I think it's up to the line later. Now if you can do the whole stack on here, I think you're doing something wrong. For me, I'm doing 20 reps, but I might not get above 50 pounds. It's like the fourth pin in. It's not very much weight. So if you're somebody who can just crank it up and down, probably doing something wrong. The first thing I would look at is how much you're isolating those hamstrings. For me, the first thing I look at for most people is their feet. Now most people do like a dorsiflexion when they're going to put their toes to their shins because they want to just grip and rip it like they're 16. Not the best way to do it. For me, I point those toes away, planar flexion to really just start the flexion in your cast, but then it just makes a harder contraction those hamstrings overall. From there, all you have to do is find the right range of motion to really keep it in the hamstrings. But that's a better way to do it. Planner flexion and then start the flex from there. Next thing is you've got to watch those hips. Most people when they get a little tired on these or if they're trying to use too much weight, those hips will just drive straight up. What you want to do is force them into the pad and take those glutes completely out of the movement. So push those hips down and keep it isolated just to those hamstrings. You shouldn't see those hips drive up at all if they do, you fucked up. And the last thing is how you hold on the machine. If you're too focused on just gripping it, throwing that weight up, you guys you can jump over the hamstring completely. So what I want you to do, is take those hands off of it. Put that pressure onto your forearms and as you start to contract up, lean back with those shoulders. That's going to help you push those hips in the pad even more and really just isolated down to those hamstrings. Our last one, I'll let you see the calf race. Now at this point of workout, I was spent. Not yet because it's not that easy to go through the workout again, but trust me, I'll collect shit by this point. And what I did is just do the shoulder different variations and just stay here for about eight to ten minutes, knowing that I was going to hit calf again on a different range, just pair them up with something else. So the first thing I did is you let it work. I turned that foot in, out, pronate that foot, supinated it. Just try to put tension on that calf in different ways. And anybody that says that that doesn't matter, I don't buy it because you can put your foot on the ground right now and pronate that foot. And you can see the outside of that calf flex is more or supinated. And you can really hit the inside of that calf. So yeah, it absolutely matters. And then last but not least, in finished by burning out the anterior tibialis, put those heels on the back of it nice deep stretch and then just wrap it out. All right, so as always, whatever. As always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video you want next. Get after you get grown. Talk to you soon. Who? Today I came prepared. Use that bring a little bit of water with me. Today I brought the fuck my life emergency fund.