All right, today we're talking push-ups because even if your form doesn't suck, if you're not doing away the release, it's your chest or your triceps and either pre-existing or throwing him at the end of your workout to make sure you got nothing left in the tank, your training is pretty damn inefficient. So let's fix that and let's get after it. Now if you're somebody who's used to push up challenge to transform your life and get off the crack, I think that's amazing. The only pushback is that if you have access to a gym, just know in a couple sets of a chest exercise at the end of your workouts, would yield better results. But I know not everybody has access to a gym, so it's better than nothing. And while I didn't plan on making this a how-to for beginners, recent case study that was done by myself walking around the gym, judging people harshly found that, one-and-a-half of people suck at doing push-ups. So let's go over some things to look out for before we start to perfect them. The first one I'm sure you've seen before, it's when those elbows are too high, about 90 degrees, and you end up hitting anterior delts, more than anything else. Now this is an easy fix. Either your hands are too high, so you just walk those down, or you bring those elbows down to 45 degrees. This second one I'd argue is even more common, but it's tougher to identify them. Once you see it, it can't be unseen. Because for what reason people turn this tricep or chest exercise into one for their traps. I don't know if they're afraid of falling that one foot, but they end up bracing like hell, engaging that upper back. And once it's in there, there's no getting it out. So the fix there is a long getting that neck, tucking that chin and pulling those shoulders back and down. But if I'm with this one, you really have to work people from the ground up, so I'll have people lay flat on the floor and start up by making noises like a beach dwell because I'm a dick. From there, we just focus on the upper part of their body. So we'll just make each other the shoulders are back and down and keeping those hips on the ground. So they're just lifting that chest up, making sure they have that form, then we work to the knees, and then all the way to the feet. Now when it comes to perfecting or optimizing push-ups from muscle growth, whether it's chest or tricep, you're going to find that getting a little elevation and using dumbbells is the way to go. Because not only get a better connection, but it's also going to open up the door to variations that you could otherwise do. For instance, for chest, it allows you to walk those hands out even wider, turn those wrists and do a hybrid of a push-up and a fly or you can do your push-ups like normal, and then once you fail, you hold an extreme stretch at the bottom. For triceps, unless you want your wrists to hate you, doing a reverse grip push-up is a horrible idea. But with the dumbbells, it makes it easy, and you can also get even more engagement by just tilting back more. Also, it allows you to do one of those rope extension push-up variation things that are fucking impossible. So how should you do them? Well, it goes without saying that there is no number. You should always push yourself to failure because unless the 6-grade P test comes around later in life, I don't give a shit how many push-ups you can do in under a minute. And like I said in the beginning, the best thing you can do is either start your workout with them, so you pre-exhaust and you develop that connection to your chest or you end your workout and up bouncing off the floor by really finishing off that chest or your triceps. And I also find that really slowing it down is the best thing you can do. Just make sure you're flexing that chest and not just rapping them out, really engaging and tearing up those fibers as much as possible. Also, one more tip for somebody who's never really connected with or got results from push-ups. And you can do this targeting either, but let's use triceps for this example. You can do a push-up like they do in CrossFit, except more or not assholes. You can go all the way down, take tension off, and then flex that tricep as hard as you can, which you can start the contraction again. It's just going to get you the habit of actually engaging that tricep and make sure it's dominating the movement. Do a couple sets of those, and then go back to normal and you're going to find that you instantly have a better connection. And if you haven't got a chance to do it for the full gym program or you're still limited, and you need the garage one, links in the description. 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. Also, if you need help with other stuff, these are also videos that I've done their neat. Make sure you hit that subscribe button, notification bell, which is a... Clippers and describes. Fucking good after it.