Alright, so today we're going over the best exercise to build muscle. Now my goal is for you to walk away from this video and know exactly how to figure out what works best for you on top of that. I'll give you a little insight of what I think about when I'm developing a training program for myself or a client and really what's worked incredibly well in the past. But let's be perfectly clear. If somebody tells you on a video, hey, do X, Y and Z exercises, you're going to get incredible results? They're completely foolish. Let me explain. Now, I've alluded to this before, but I think this point deserves very specific language because for me, it's the key to putting on size and it's simple. And that is, you'll always grow best with what you connect with the most. That's it. You make that the foundation of all your training. You're always going to make progress. But that does mean getting rid of exercise. You don't connect with it. Some people may say are the fundamentals of the foundation of any great training program like this squat because over years I've had people come in and they respond really well to squats. But they're few and far between. And those people, you can give any exercise to, they're going to grow. More than likely, those people are watching this video. That's not you. You're probably the opposite. That you've been squatting for the last 10 years and you still can't figure out why the fuck your legs aren't growing. I promise the moment you stop doing what you think you should do based upon other people's opinion and start narrowing down the selection of exercises to once you have a great connection to, then you start getting dramatic results. And this took me a while to figure out because I don't know about you growing up. I had all the bodybuilding magazines and you're looking there and they're all doing compound exercises. It's really low rep range as anything. That's what I should do. But after a while, you wise up to the fact that you're just trying to sell magazines. And they're trying to sell them to a broad enough audience to people that are in the jammer, stuck in their backyard with limited equipment. That's not really what even these bodybuilders do. That's not their training. They have no input in the magazine and half them have to borrow Jeff's weights just to do the photoshoot. So how do you figure out what exercises best for you? Now, for me, I think of boy that down to pretty simple process because every time I start into exercise, I always burn that first set, trying at least three different variations. Because I really want to figure out what I connect best with that day. Because just like whatever category you end up with on porn hub, it changes on the daily basis. And there are just about gathering inventory and building a list of exercises you really connect with. Because even though they're small tweaks to the same exercise, they will yield dramatically different results and oftentimes target completely different muscle groups. For instance, I can do a seated row where I lean forward, keep the elbow and a fixed position, and really target those lats, or I can sit nice and tall when I lower back in a fixed position. And I'm flexing and extending my upper back over top of it, targeting those spinal vectors. Both the same exercise, a seated cable row, but hitting totally different muscle groups. Which brings me to another important concept, which I don't see a lot of people do, and that's completely bailing on an exercise. Because sometimes you go to the gym and you try to do an exercise, you had a really great connection to the last time. But for whatever reason this time, it's a fiery, hot piece of vengeful shit. And you have no connection to it whatsoever. You can't develop that my muscle connection, no matter what tweaks you make or even worse, it jumps into a secondary muscle. At that point, don't waste two, three, four sets on it. Just pull from your list of exercises, you have a great connection to and do one of those. Another thing I see that holds a lot of people back is disconnect between what they say they want and what they're actually doing. Because a lot of times you ask people and you say, okay, what you're goal and they say you want to get as big as you can when you possible. And then you watch them and then you're like, okay, why are you doing a clean and press? Do you have an event coming up or are you on a game show? What's the reason for this exercise? And they'll say, oh, just want to get good at it. That's a completely different goal. You save that stuff like your mobility work and you exercise, you want to get good at it for a before and after your training. Your training time is precious. So what you should focus on is exercise. You have a great connection to it because all you're trying to do is tear it on those fibers, get your body to an adapt and grow. Now when it comes to building your list of exercises that's geared towards growth, my opinion you're going to get better results by narrowing down your focus and choosing exercises that just hit the muscle you're trying to hit. For instance, when I'm trying to grow my quads, I've gotten way better results by doing hacksquad compared to regular squats because with hacksquad, you can lock yourself in, walk those feet down and put more stress and more stretch on those quads and in turn, it's going to get more growth. Lastly, don't be afraid to go against the grain. For me, that's the leg extensions. A lot of people think it's the bad exercise bad for your knees, but I think that's bullshit. I think it's an incredible exercise for the debunkery quads, but also it is a mental battle. If you can do 50 reps of these and not get out and kick somebody in the chest, you're a good human. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.