Alright today we're going over the importance of the cheat mill. Now I had some people comment on that poll and say, don't cover this. Just gonna give people an excuse to continue to eat crap, but here's my rebel that. If I could show you a way to eat like an asshole, every once in a while, and still get the same, maybe even better results, when you want to do it, because the truth is deep down the side, we're all little fat kids. And if this be rolled, and I'm gonna shoot of these donuts right now, it doesn't give you a chubby, we can't be friends. Now by all means, if you wanna go to the hardcore route and never cheat on your diet, where it is a bad job honor, it works, I've done it, but the problem is, it's not sustainable, and now that I argue, it's not a healthy way to go through life. And I'll tell you the exact moment I realize this. I was in the midst of a horrible diet, getting ready for a show. I thought I was doing a good job managing my anger from being so hungry. Until one day I was driving, got in the turning lane, and I was starting to turn the left, and I realized the person that left turning lane, the street I was turning on, happened to let their car drift a little bit forward in that crosswalk. For some reason, this enraged me. I went double birds, drove the car with my knee, screamed at the top of my lungs, you f***, it was a little 95-year-old white-haired lady. She probably tried to stop the car, just didn't have the strength to. I'm assuming she only lived another five days and died wondering what the hell she did wrong. Not too proud of that one. So the best way I found it in a great sheet of meals is by staying perfect on your diet, not messing up in the slightest, whether you're falling macros, or even a very structured plan to know exactly what you have to eat during each meal, and you lock it up. And then once a week, you schedule a day and a time where you're going to eat your face off. And then from there, it's just about tracking your results to whatever extent you're comfortable with, whether you're using the scale, calipers, taking measurements, because as long as you're making progress, you can do this forever. And the way I've kind of framed it with clients in the past is, we're letting go of that victim mentality of having a slow metabolism, and we're training your body and telling your metabolism exactly what to do. Because anybody who's done this for a long period of time can attest to your body gets more efficient. And then eventually you can have two cheap meals a week, or an entire cheat day. And to make sure I'm perfectly clear on this, the only way this works is if you're running a deficit on those days you're perfect on your diet. If you try to do this while you're bulking, you're just going to get fat. Because I know I'm going to get this in the comments. Can you still put on muscle while being in a deficit? Yes. Yes you can. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Do me a favor, leave a comment of your favorite cheat meal, because even in the written form, still a genre of food borne. Get after a good grown talk to you soon.