that's through with the fact that we're all kind of f***s. And I die inside every time I have to bleep that out, but if I don't in the first 30 seconds, YouTube will take all of my coins. Balloon not leather Cheerio, salted waffle, Chad. What I'm saying is that most of us have a similar personality. If we're not careful in keep ourselves in check, we can end the day and the only thing we got done was we ate two large pizzas and took a huge shoveling me. I guarantee when you're in a public restaurant taking a piss, you don't lift the seat up. You just trust your aim and if you really miss Cheerio wiping up, that's only if it's excessive. Shoot. Or if you're driving and you see Lady trying to pull out, of course you're gonna let her in. No, you go ahead. But if some prick tries to pass you as they're getting on the freeway, good f***ing luck. Guys try dick face. I'll be like you knew exit. What I'm saying is that part of your personality that makes you borderline intolerant to be around is a goddamn superpower. You just have to learn to harness it. That's why if you were a ballon on my programs, you know that there's always an exercise or a set that makes you go, why? Who hurt you? Don't get confused. I'm not talking about drop sets, restpaws or slowing down the movement. That can be a part of it, but it's a set you look at and go, that's f***ing down. But it's sole purpose is just to challenge you because otherwise left your own devices, you're gonna have to ask the workout. If you haven't figured it out yet, the secret to growth is intensity. So somewhere your workout should be a set or a series of sets that almost take your life. Because honestly, look around the gym and notice the people that fail to get results year after year, what are they having common? They lack intensity. Probably got crooked dicks too. I don't know. Haven't trouble coming up with ideas or ways to crank up the intensity? Let me help you out. When's the last time you ran the rack? Whether it's dumbbell, curls, side laterals, dumbbell, skull crusherers, because no matter what it is, halfway through, you always have that same thought of, I don't even know if this is helping. This is a dumb idea. That's exactly what we want. Because it's not about whether or not it's helping. It's definitely helping. It's more so the mindset. It reminds you that it could always suck worse. What about deadless? When's the last time you've done a set of at least 30 reps? Because the only justification of that much volume is that it's hard. And it makes you realize the rest of your workout is way too damn easy. Well, why not tap in the mindset of your 16 year old self that was determined to grow your arms and you thought, okay, I'm gonna pick up this easy bar. I'm gonna do as many sets as I can. I'm not gonna set it down until I do. Not your best idea, but certainly not your. I think my worst is when I didn't want to get out of the pool as a kid so I tried to shit my hand and throw it over the fence. Not my best. It really is that simple program and exercise or a few sets that test your will to live and it'll raise the standard for the rest of your workout. That's the fucking secret to building muscle. But I'm sure you're thinking, what the hell does that have to do with that loss? Thanks for asking, Joe, boy. Well, one of the side effects of being a hole is you're spiteful AF. I don't buy you, but the only reason I'm successful today is just to piss off an axe. It's kind of my favorite thing. I just send random texts. Hey, look what I got. Still giving out all those handy? Don't be ashamed of it. Lean into it. You can use an axe's motivation or find somebody with a similar weight loss goal and make a bet with them. Send each other your weights every morning and before you know it, it's gonna turn into a challenge. And you, my friendly asshole, were made for that shit. Side note, I was pros in the internet and I saw this. And I guarantee when you see it, instant diarrhea. It was close call. I cleanse my cheeks just in time. One, two, back pee. Don't ask me why. I just assume we had the same childhood fears. These things were the worst. That'd start out strong. Six, three, uh, 33. And then I get nervous. Fuck. Uh, dinosaur. Dilla. Shit. It got to the point that I was so afraid of looking dumb that before the teacher could pass the rest of amount, I was already on top of my desk with my dick out just counting. Go, trace, watch, see. Even that was a bit of a risk because I was banking on the fact that she would drag my ass down because I still can't count past 14 in Spanish. Oh, see. Dio, sick. Tracey. If you need an accountability body, programs are linked below, all in 20 bucks, get after it. I don't know why, but this feels like the right thing to do. Didn't they make us do that?