Our today we're hitting lower chest, but to make sure on the same page, if your body fat is 20% above, that's not a development issue. Those are tits. Now, don't get discouraged or frustrated because when I get too chubby, I get those two. For the most part, simple fix. Lock down your diet, drop that body fat, good to go. But today we're talking about developing that lower pack, getting more fullness, more size. So if you're ready, let's get after it. So the name of the game today is really make it sure the most intense part of the contraction happens in the lower part of your chest. And they illustrate this. If you just take your arm out straight and try to flex that chest, you'll notice the higher you go, the harder it doesn't engage that lower part of your pack to a point when you go too high, you can't even flex it at all. So if we just need to keep that in mind and everything we do today, and on top of that, any chance you get, I suggest holding onto that pack to make sure you're engaging properly. I know, you're going to look like an asshole, but welcome to the club. One of the best ways to narrow down the contraction to the lower part of your chest is to send up a cable directly to your side and doing a low cable crossover, but with a limited range of motion. Benefit there is this a lot of hurt for those secondary muscles to jump in and take over the movement. And all you have to focus on is really tweaking your form and getting more out of the contraction. And the best ways to do that are by slowing down the contraction to a point where you're just flexing across your body, making sure that your chest stops the contraction itself. You're not coming past that chest because then your anterior dealt will jump in. And then also turning that wrist towards the ceiling as much as possible. That's going to drive your elbow in and contract that lower pack even more. So there's actually this phenomenal machine for lower chest development, but it's a fucking unicorn. I've seen that two gyms of my entire life because what it is is a pectech fly that keeps your elbow to right angle the entire time. But instead of coming across your body, X comes down at that perfect angle to really hit that decline that lower part of your chest. But good news is we can do the poor man version. So the way we're going to do this is instead of grabbing on the handle, you're just going to wrap it around your body, set that handle right in your bicep, and make sure you're leading the contraction with your elbow. That hand doesn't do anything. All that pressure and the contraction actually comes from driving that elbow around. Now a couple of things to note on this. The first thing, you're going to sit nice and far forward on that pad so you can lean back, create that perfect angle. Second thing, nice and light. Twenty reps, you're going to keep that shoulder nice and safe. And third thing, I would do it unilaterally. That way you can really focus on the contraction, hold that chest like an asshole. So for those of you who are still stuck at home with no equipment whatsoever, this is a great way to target that lower chest. So to be able to do this push-up dip hybrid, all you need is a little bit of elevation, like your couch. And the key here is to make sure you keep that chest out in front, those shoulder stay back so those anterior delts don't eat the entire movement. So the way you're going to do this is by stretching that chest at the bottom, exaggerating that stretch and then as you drive up, you drive to the side, contract up, twist, and leave that chest flex at the top. Now I would do this unilaterally. You really focus on one side of the time, and you're getting a nice rhythm, and make sure you keep that connection that lower part of your chest. Hopefully that makes sense because that was a really shitty exercise to try to explain. I feel like I was telling you to do 75 things at once and try not to fart in public. Just watch the... As always, like subscribe to the notification bell, which apparently get hit a few times. Leave a comment in the video next, and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.