Alright, today we're going over how to create the perfect muscle building workout. It's good after it. Now the first question right in your mind is probably why. Why would I share the secret to creating the perfect workout when it's literally how I make all my money and I can afford to rescue all the dogs. And pay for my wife's uncanny ability to buy stupid shit. Well for one, there's a pretty important holiday coming up. Flag day. And if you still look like shit by June 14th, that reflects poorly on me. So first let's go over the biggest and most common mistakes people will make because those can really hold you back. One of the biggest ones, people overvalue the overall structure and undervalue each individual set. It's amazing how tribal people are when it comes to their training split and you find this out real quick when you're at the gym and you meet somebody who trains completely different than you. If they train with a bro split and you don't, then they think you're an idiot for not hitting each body part with that much volume. If they're on a ppl program, then you're crazy for not training body parts more frequently. And if they train full body five times a week, then they think you're a damn full for not hitting each body part as frequently as you masturbate. But what's so crazy about that though is after they're done spewing their workout gospel, you'll see them go sit on a machine and do an easy set of 20. Do an easy set of 12 plan their phone for a half hour and then accidentally sit on their balls get a stomach ache and then have to go home. That's their fucking workout. I really can't overstate this. The structure and style of your training doesn't matter. That's more about personal preference. What matters is the time you put in to make sure each set is going to be held and your ability to fight through that hell. A good example of this is as I was filming for the ppl program. I tried to explain to the camera guy brought in to film some of the exercises. One of the ideas I had for a set on the leg breast. Thuring reps. But it's a rest pause. You go once. You fail and you rest. It's an hour. And you go again. You fail. You rest and then you fail again. But we have two drops. So that means you do this whole thing two more times. So you do that three times. Which brings me to mistake number two. People design their workouts and their programs with themselves in mind. Don't do that. And never really you'll start making excuses and turn half your workout into warm up or just to find what you can't do legs on Friday because you're going to be weekend with your wife and you're going to go shopping and probably go to home deple at Bath and Beyond if you have time. It's funny. People ask me, what do you like to start your week with arms and end it with legs? There really is no other reason other than I would like to fuck up your weekend. Sometimes the rationale is as simple as I was dropped to many times as a kid and developed into an asshole. The trick is take yourself out of it. When you're thinking about the workout and all the different exercises you can incorporate in the sets and reps. Think about somebody you love and pretend like you're taking them through the workout more than likely. It's going to be an X. Probably the one that cheered on you and sucked all the dicks. That workout's going to be a lot different. Then go through said workout and the third biggest mistake I see is when people walk in the gym and they don't have a concrete plan that they can't deviate from. And not simply just the order of exercises and the rep range you want to hit the thing that really matters how you're going to complete each set whether to drop set giant set superset maybe you're slowing down the tempo it's a rest pause. If you don't have a plan in place, those are the things you're going to try to play with yourself to get out of. So if that's the mistake you have to avoid then how do you create the perfect muscle building workout? Well, that's simply it. You actually have to create it. You sit down, you write down the sets, the reps, how you're going to do those sets and make sure it's hell. I'd bring a picture of your X for motivation. The one who wears panties with dick holes in it and that's it. So that's simple. And if you need to unfat yourself before flag day, I'd watch that video or if you need bigger arms, there's that one as well. But most importantly subscribe hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.