This is an EMG machine that assesses the health of the muscles and the nerve cells that control them. Why is that important? I'm sure you've seen other fitness YouTubers site case studies just like this one that shows you get more pectoral smater activation from a dumbbell press, then you do with a barbell press. That's a big difference. Barbell dumbbell. Well, this is the exact device they used to test that. The problem I have with a lot of those studies are the participants. You ask the average gym gore to flex their bicep and it looks like they had a stroke. They flex that entire side of their body. Also, I have a different view on hypertrophy. I feel like you get the best results when you isolate down to whatever's biomechanically possible to the exact muscle you're trying to work, meaning that I'll tweak the form of an exercise and attempt to moreso bias that specific muscle sometimes all the way down to the individual head. This machine will tell us if that's actually possible or if it turns out I'm full of shit. Fuller alert. It's like 50-50. What I didn't realize when I bought this expensive bastard is I not only be able to test which exercises are best in terms of muscle activation, but also which ones are better at isolating when you should actually use machines over freeways or if you have a secondary muscle that constantly jumps in so you're training chest and you always fill your shoulders exactly how to fix that and surprisingly be able to call bullshit on things like things like play presses. I've seen a lot of people talk shit about this one which I understand on the surface doesn't make sense. Your chest is already in a shortened position. The force of gravity is pulling more in your anterior delts and anything else and before I argue with some sort of anecdotal information or have you curl up your bicep to show you that even though it's in a fully contracted position if you lift your elbow it's going to create even more intense contraction and whether that's because those proximal fibers closest to where that muscle originates or shortening even more or whatever the other reason is I don't know. Now I don't have to. I can just literally show you this is a great exercise. Now is it something you should set a your entire chest training around? No but if you're somebody that has a hard time connecting with your chest it's not a bad exercise especially when you see how much activation you get out of that chest and comparison to that anterior delts and I wasn't joking. This isn't expensive bastard. This machine 14,000. To use it I had to buy a fucking del from Costco and this thing well I didn't really need this thing but I fancy myself a bit of an artist. Now I did find a potential huge flaw with this machine and why I don't trust just any show to use it and it goes back to something I've said several times on here your muscle can't count. It has no clue how much weight you're lifting. For instance I can curl something ungodly heavy like 60 pounds and I should be able to get the same muscle activation and motor neuron recruitment if I only curl half the weight and that's exactly what happened. It didn't matter if I did one rep or several sets didn't matter how long I rested in between they kept him pace with each other the entire time. The lesson here for me is that they both work. If your body still allows you to lift heavy weight without getting injured seemingly every single week then you're gonna have easy time putting enough stress on that muscle to a lissic growth. But the caveat being you need to be able to isolate down to that muscle as much as possible because there is a point of diminishing returns. It's when you're flexing everything from your bicep to your sphinter. The same goes for lifting lighter weight you can get the same stimulus but the caveat is you have to focus on flexing the muscle and making that weight feel heavy. That could be something as simple as slowing down the moment. If you can do that you can grow just as much. Now back to the bro exercise that everyone hates the plate press because it actually gave me some insights on how to help people who every time they train those anterior delts blow the hell up. The moment you set that bench up even on a slight incline those anterior delts have no choice they have to get involved. Even at that weird 10 degree angle that some benches can do it doesn't matter. They start to engage and only gets worse as the angle increases. So if you're someone with dominant anterior delts I would start your chest workout with decline movements. Whether that's dumbbells or your gerragosmith machine it doesn't matter. It's just the angle and the position to put your shoulders in give you the best chest to delt muscle activation ratio. From there I move on to flat movements which are still great but you're going to start to see those delts fire a little bit more and try to take over. And before you say big deal I still need to target my upper pecs. How am I going to do that? There is one movement that biases the pecs over the delts even on the steepest of inclines. It's that bro coffin press. Now am I saying to get rid of incline movements all together? No, fuck stick. Start with your decline movements moving to flat then hit some coffin presses on an incline to really connect with. Push it ton of blood and make sure you engage that chest first then hit your incline. At that point they'll be less likely to fuck up your life. Now there were some things I knew in my heart to be true and it turned out my heart's a big fat fucking liar. For instance we've all heard that doing close grip bicep curls is going to put more emphasis on the long head a wide grip will hit more short head. The good news is it's fairly true with the short head but when you go close grip it jumps right over your long head and hits your fucking breaky Alice. But even that goes out the window when you lift above a certain amount of weight all your bicep muscle say screw it and jump in. And it was at this moment I had that same feeling I had when I was a kid when I realized that all my mom's male friends weren't just friends. They were best friends. That's what I decided to test incline curls because that had to be it. Your arms back in stress position long heads more strips than your short head shoulders out of it. Complete garbage. The damn thing hit more breaky Alice. The only exercise I found that actually got more activation on the long head more than anything else is when I internally rotated my shoulders so far that it looked like that time that I beat the shit of those special needs kids in twister. Now during the process of learning how to use this machine correctly I had to go through hours of in-person training tons of online tutorials and during that actually found a piece of information that's going to be even more valuable than anything else you've learned today. Charizard. Sitting your balls on fire and getting them put up by vegetable juice whilst singing the Pokemon theme song. Now there's so much information here this could get out of hand. This could end up being an hour video. Nobody wants that. But if enough people like this video get some traction I can do a whole series breaking down each individual body part comment below if you're interested. Otherwise I just bought some expensive ass nipple clamps. But we do have to talk about what I found in terms of rear delts because it's amazing and frustrating. Now the goal with these tests were to see which moments were best in terms of targeting those rear delts and minimizing trap involvement because this is a common complaint I hear and I see it a lot. When I go to the gym there's a lot of guys who just look like they left their poster delts at home. When it comes to machine rear delts flies you'll be happy to learn that traditional ones you do with a pronated grip are low key crap in terms of how much activation get out of that rear delts and comparison to your trap. The only way to really target those rear delts without your traps screwing everything up is grabbing nice and high on the outside of the machine just like the intended you not to do. If you've ever set up to do bent over rear delts flies and you weren't sure which grip to take a neutral or pronated grip turns out they're both suck. But you can save them by wrapping that dumbbell around your body towards your hip or taking a fully pronated grip and pulling straight back. Both of those movements have a great delta trap activation ratio. Lastly cables and the thing I learned here is that any movement you do up high gets a marginal amount of activation out of that rear delts at best. The best thing you can do is drop that cable down to hip height and do what I call rotations or some people called W's. So does that mean I'm going to change the way I train? Well somewhat but more than anything it means that I got to do a lot more testing. So again if you're interested come in below and if you need to put on more muscle programs or link below especially the new full gym 2.0 even though that some of the things I teaching that go against everything I said today but anybody who's taking a program will tell you it fucking works but that's probably because it's so intense that it kills one out of every seven people that take it.