By the end of this video, I guarantee you will change the way you train your shoulders for F4. And don't believe me, here's a good example. Our bell front raise is actually a horrible exercise for your dealt. So you end up getting 14% more activation of your traps, then you do out of those anterior dealt. But if you just slightly change your form, take a supinated grip and add a little bend to the elbows, it completely transforms it. You end up getting 69.4% more activation of your anterior dealt, then you do out of your trap. And there are so many examples just like that. And let's start off by going over the testing idea to figure out the best exercises for that lateral head, because it is by far the most difficult dealt muscle to target. The most important factor I'm using to judge whether or not an exercise is actually good or not, is how much we're able to isolate down to just the muscle we're trying to target. So for this scenario, I'm going to attach an EMG device to my side dealt and one of my trap, and then compare the activation between the two. Just so we're clear, I'm taking the mean average activation of that side dealt, comparing it to the mean average activation of the upper trap, and the bigger the gap, the higher the percentage, the better the exercises for your dealt, the less likely your traps are going to jump in and ruin the workout. The reason the lateral head is the most difficult head to target is because it's not the only muscle responsible for abduction. It's also aided by your super-smanatus, your traps, and your serrated santeria. In fact, the initial part of abduction has nothing to do with your stupid deltoid. It actually is done by a rotator cuff muscle that originates on your scapula, goes across your hemorrhoid, attaches on the anterior side of your hemorrhase, the super-smanatus. It's responsible for the first 15 degrees of abduction. At 15 degrees, your lateral head finally jumps in and takes you all the way to 90. But this is the part that people fail to realize. This throughout the entire process of abduction, your upper traps, all the way to your lower, are working in conjunction with your serrated santeria, and a circle jerking type motion to help rotate and elevate that scapula to create some space, so there is no impingement in your shoulder. Do you realize what that means? It means no matter what you do, how good your form is, doesn't matter your traps are going to jump in, because that's their function, your screwed. This entire process, where your rotator cuff muscles, traps, stradis anterior deltoid, all work in tandem, is called the scapula-humor rhythm. And your body will do whatever it takes to stay in that rhythm. Meaning that if during the workouts, your deltoid gas, it'll just have your upper traps take over. I'm sure you felt that before, feels like failure. Like I said, when it comes to side delts, it's only a matter of time before your traps jump in and take over, because as you get further in the workout, your delts will generate less force. So your only hope is to figure out the exercises with the highest delpto trap activation ratio. That way you can delay the inevitable of your traps screwing up your entire workout for as long as possible, or even altogether. Luckily for you, I just spent the last week and a half testing. That's why in some of this footage, it looks like I just got done eating a gallon of ass. So let's get into the numbers. First, I compared dumbbell side lotterals in the scapula plane versus strict forms straight out to the side. And the scapula plane ended up having a higher delto-trap activation at 60%. Just sort of everybody understands. The scapula plane is just a fancy way of staying instead of doing the movement directly out to your side. You bring your arm in 30, 40 degrees, and it tends to help avoid any possible shoulder impingement. The scapula plane is to shoulder exercises, what soaking is to Mormon kids. It's the safer sex. Now there is an asterisk next to that wind for scapula plane because there's a lot of testing. And it starts out as the clear winner, but as you get further into the workout, it becomes less advantageous because you're bringing that dumbbell out in front of you. You're going to get trap activation. So by set four, there was 19.9% doubt to trap activation by set six, which very few people are going to do six sets, but still 2.2%. On the flip side of that side, lateral is done with very strict form. Hel up all the way to the sixth set with 17.9% doubt to trap activation. More on this story, if you're doing side later, it was in the scapula plane. And you start to feel your traps engage, or maybe even just preemptively a few sets in, switch over to the strict form, so your workout doesn't turn to shit. Or hop on the cables because these things are pretty impossible to screw up. Both variations in front and behind maintain a high activation ratio. 38.1% in front, 32.8% behind. That's after several sets, which makes sense because the flow of dumbbell side laterals is your basically just throwing weight out to the side, and expecting other muscles to jump in and stabilize it. If you don't believe me, just grab a heavy S dumbbell and do a single arm side lateral. You'll probably wake up halfway across the gym with some kids selfie stick tripod up your ass. The angle of tension of this exercise is perfect for your lateral head to work against. So if you're somebody who has trouble targeting it, this has the potential to be your first and only friend in this life. Now if you ever ran into an issue where during the workout, no matter what you did, you felt it in your traps. I found a way around this. I set up a test where I trained my traps to the point that I couldn't even turn my head. And then I tested every single lateral head exercise to see if there was still one where I got more delt than trap activation. There was one. The partial rep side lateral where you stay in the initial range of motion. And even with my delts fatigued and my traps dry him with the back of my neck, I still got 11.3% more activation out of my delts. But the key is you can't go too heavy. I picked away the cause me to fail roughly around 25, 30 reps done in a nice slow control manner. But the moment I grabbed heavier dumbbells, the ones you end up bouncing off whatever the hell is in your pocket, the movement fell apart. I actually got more trap activation than delt by 14.4%. Which makes sense because you're basically doing a farmer's carry and flapping your arms. Which means that machines, high ladders, done in a similar fashion are also a viable option. Now just in case somebody's wondering whether or not you can actually build muscle with that lighter weight. Let me side a 2016 case study to answer your dumb question. They took two groups of trained individuals, so not a bunch of dorky untrained people. And they had one group trained a failure at 30 to 50% their one rep max. So roughly 20 25 reps, the other group 75 to 90% of their one rep max. So right around 8 to 12 reps. The results, virtually identical. Same same. Other important findings, incline dumbbell partial side ladders. If you do them with your arm directly to your side or slightly on front, not bad. 17.5% more activation out of your delt. But if you pull that arm behind you, like you're contracting with your rear delt, complete shit. 17.6% more trapped than delt. Those awful side ladders, you see a lot of people do it the gym where their arm is perfectly fixed at 90 degrees. Not bad, even fatigue. 13.6% more delt. Still looks stupid, but not bad. To recap everything we learned about side delts. The best bet is probably doing side ladders with very strict form. Unless you have some sort of horrible impingement that makes it feel like you have some sword fighting going on in your shoulder. Then I would start with ones done in the scapular plane, just know that you have a very limited time before those start to suck as well. When that happens, I'd go to partial side ladders with very lightweight or hop on the cables because those are hard to screw up. But with that being said, I wouldn't actually program side delts in the beginning. I'd say them all the way to the end because they have the greatest potential to ruin your entire workout. And if you factor in what I'm about to show you for posterior and anterior delts, where you can almost completely take your traps out of the workout, it makes sense. Just shut up and listen. Next up, let's dive in a rear delts because they're fascinating and make sure you realize how much every little stupid thing matters. Like seat height. Not even joking. Side note, this Costco jacket is fucking phenomenal. If you do rear delts, lies with the seat all the way up, so your arms end up being parallel to the floor when you use the handles that they intend for you to use. 60.8% delt to trap activation. Same everything, you just drop down the seat. That means your arms are going to be slightly angled up. 66.3%. And if you keep the seat in the same position, just move your hands and grab slightly higher on the outside of the bar. 69.4%. And before you say those are all acceptable percentages, who gives a shit, wait until you see this. Machine side laterals, where elbows tucked to the side, you do rear delt flies 78.4%. But it gets even crazier because you can basically turn off your traps when you realize the best way to train your rear delts is by doing any sort of traditional rear delt fly movement. Those are actually horrible in their crap. It's when you start doing movements where arms are close to your body and you're pulling back. Should give you a nice little flashback to fat camp when you were barely leading those other little chubbies in a race. So to ensure victory, push those moves out in front and broke that ribbon. We're mimicking that kind of movement too much. Behind the back barbell raises, pronated grip 94.3% supinated 94.5%. And this makes sense the more you think about it because to maintain good form, you have to tuck your chin that's going to put those traps on stretch. So even if they wanted to help, they couldn't. This should help illustrate how absurd this is. This is the gap between the rear delt machine fly in the best possible position. And this is how little your traps are activating during the behind the back raises. Also look, I got three hairs left in my head. Just in case you wanted to see every single one of my dogs. In this episode, dog number two, Henry. He's gorgeous. He's the best looking fucking dog you've ever seen. I don't know why anybody would get rid of him. Maybe he's a pain in the ass. That's probably why, but Henry. Yeah, that's it. Turn around. I think. Hey, look, sit. Stay there. Everybody needs to see your face. The dumbbell version of that. You do an incline bench with a pronated grip is just phenomenal. 94.2%. The only exception I found with that traditional dumbbell fly was parts of movements done in the incline. It was around 74%. But even that still doesn't compare to just pulling the weight straight back. That means every other cable variation, other than the ones I've shown, like the rotations, or this one where your arms are completely tucked to your side. And you're almost pulling against your stomach as you pull past is going to suck. So I can compare this and we look at the numbers. High cable rear belt flies 27.4%. Now you can pair that to the other one where your arms are nice and locked out. You're close to your body. 75.5%. That's pretty big fucking difference. To recap rear belts, stop doing traditional rear belt fly movements. They're a waste. Keep your arm close to your side. Machine barbell dumbbell cables last but at least. And tear your delts. And this one's wild because an exercise can go from being awful to great with just a few small adjustments. And I originally started out by testing the anterior delts to the side delts because again, I thought that'd be the biggest issue. It wasn't. It was the traps. Especially when you're doing exercise like the dumbbell front raise because again, you're just throwing that weight out in front of you so your trap has to get involved. If you take a pronated grip, 32.4% anterior delts to trap activation. Hammer grip 49.1, Supernated grip 51.5. And this is where it gets bananas. If you slightly bend your elbow and take a supinated grip, 67.2%. What the fuck? That means there's a formula for isolating your anterior delts. You're going to rotate your palm and put it in a supinated position because that's going to externally rotate your shoulder. Next, you're going to change the length of your lever arm instead of being perfectly straight. It's slightly bent. Which is a very complicated way of saying just fucking do front raises like that. For the rest of your unfortunately short life. Now, I will say a cable front raise with a pronated grip isn't actually that bad. It ends up being 54.1%. But when you compare that to a supinated grip with a slight bend, 86.1%. So it's... This isn't absurd of amount of work. I need a lunch bowl. Next up, I tested a seated barbell press. Why grip? Clear winner. But this goes back to what I said earlier that every little stupid thing matters. When I put the bench back to just a little bit less of an inclined, it totally redeemed itself. And that makes sense when you think about it. When you're sitting up nice and tall on your elbows are close, then it's going to pull that load onto your traps. The wider grip is going to share some of the load with your side delts. But that also means this is probably a better position of press in just overall. So I tested it. And it is. If you do a hammer press in this position, 74.5%. If you slightly supinate your wrist, not even all the way, 85.5%. For anyone who doesn't understand why I think this is such a huge deal. Because I think as a man, you only have a few monumental moments in your life. The day you first discover your penis, which I was really young. I don't remember, but I'm sure it was an amazing day. The first day you're allowed to make physical contact with a woman. And I was today years old when I learned how to train shoulders properly. I'm a firm believer that your ability to isolate a muscle is the cheat code to growth. But with that being said, I still tested a few exercises that attempt to hit every single head of the delt, because I'm a big fan of finisher. Something you throw at the end of your workout that just ensures that that muscle has no choice. It's going to get destroyed. It's going to grow. So I tested bus drivers. Turns out the best way to do them is sit back at that same angle of the bench, or just sit back on that bench and do them that way. Because you get more activation out of every single head of your delt, then you do out of your traps. Another phenomenal exercise, rear delt focus around the world. The ones where you do them a little bit more dynamics. So you get kind of a swing as you can track out. They don't actually target your answer. You're answering your delts at all, but in terms of activation out of your rear and side out, they're amazing. And I'd rather have an exercise that targets those anyways. And hopefully your rear delts will cease to look like dilapitated balls. I've had people ask me when's a program coming out. I still have to test for back. So that'll be the next video. And then following that, I'll drop the program. So if you want to be the first to know, I'll leave a link in the description. That way you can put in your email. And then I'll sell that email to some Canadian farmers. Or just buy one of the already existing programs. The Chode Mafia is always the first to know. That was a lot of shit.