All right, today we're training, eh, should you go for more weight or more sets? Eh, I think the three most important things for growing your arms are, I get a 10-to-10 questions on how to develop a mind muscle connection. Eh, please go through a full day of what you eat. It's not going to help you. As long as you're eating in a surplus and you have the right macro percentages, is all that matters. The fact that I'm eating protein pancakes isn't because it works, it's because I'm an asshole. In terms of warming up, I don't have a specific exercise or distraction method that I do. I just ease into it. If you're under 30, you've don't understand this yet, but one day you will. If I start out with a close grip bench, my elbows would explode. Good news for me, most of my favorite exercises and the ones I think are most beneficial are on the cables. Also, I'm going to be in Austin the next two weeks, so if anybody wants to get a workout, reach out, and I'll be sure to come up with a good excuse of why I can't come. And I know this is going to sound dumb, but I'm actually excited to film this video, because it's hard for me to program my arm workout. There are so many changes I make to each exercise that it might start out with one variation, but by the end of it, it's unrecognized two sets like this. One set like that, three sets like you'll see. I started out with two sets, 30 partial reps, but at length. You can see as I go into the stretch, I'm not just relaxing it, I'm actually forcing my bicep into a curl, so I can stretch even more and put that tricep at length. It's one of my favorite ways to start, because it's an instant connection, but also does create some distraction in that elbow, which starts to grease things up a little bit, because because I'm old. Oh. Next, going right into what I would still consider tricep extensions, just avoiding the big mistake that everybody makes, which is trying to push out or kick down, probably because it's called tricep extensions, but in reality, you should be flexing over top of your elbow. The moment you start thinking about your elbow, is the focal point, and you flex over top of it, the moment your triceps will cease to suck. It... Anybody else see that Graham hand cock to bait? That sucked. I think the door's one. You can't bring scuba diving pictures from your honeymoon and expect us to believe you. But I want to. So bad. Nothing you notice is a really step away. That creates a better angle to pull from. If you're too close, you're not going to get it. It matters how you fail. It's important you don't just try to force the weight down, finishing the contraction doesn't matter. Who gives a shit? I rather you fail in a negative portion, barely get the weight down, and that's it. Hey, look, we haven't moved and I've already done 100 reps. I've had some people ask me my thoughts on... Should you go for more weight or more sets? Great question. There's actually a good meta analysis on this. If you have no life, like me, and you want to read it. My two cents on it, especially when it comes to arms, it's always better to add sets than it is to add weight. Most people's form will go to shit the moment they try to chase a number. My favorite is when you see somebody doing an overhead extension like this. Oddly enough, that might work for somebody who has great armogenetics, but not you. It wasn't till recently that I started looking at progressively overloading, not just in terms of weight. You can do it by adding sets to a workout or by adding an entirely new day. Say two arm days per week. Now that's excessive for most people, but if your entire existence was just bent on getting big arms than doing arms two, three times a week, would get you there fast. And then some people are going to say, what about overtraining? There's a term, I think it's MRV, Max Moll recoverable volume. When it comes to arms, yeah, if you did legs three times a week, and you actually train them to failure, you're not going to recover in time, but your arms are resilient. Think about your younger self, that one forearm that you masturbated with ten times a day ended up getting bigger. The one you did not use did not. More all the story your arms can take it. The threshold for arms is a lot higher than it is for legs. Hmm. Good thing I'm the only member of this gym, or I would hate me. I sound obnoxious when I train, but you've told me, I know, thank you. Also, you're going to notice on these, I don't lock out, which I'm not against any team full range of motion. That's probably a good recommendation for most people, but my training over the years has evolved, and I find myself manipulating exercises to really put as much time under tension when a muscle is either at length or that optimal miles enact an overlap. Again, that's more gobbling for I don't lock out because it's less beneficial. One last note on these, biomechanics matter. If you have shoulder inflexibility and you can't keep those elbows tucked in and flex in the right plane, you can't do these. There's no reason to do these. I should say that. You should do a single arm variation. That way, if you have to tilt your body or turn, you can find what works best for you. Because this is not, it's not good. If I see you doing that, I'm going to walk up and flick your little chode. The way I like to train arms is I like to jump from triceps to biceps back and forth. And it might seem like we just did three tricep exercises, but in my head, I kind of categorize that is one thing for triceps. And I'll probably do two or three variations for biceps. And I know most people wouldn't want this much variation, but it's always worked the best for me. I get bored and it works. Shut the fuck up. Now you might notice me laying over the bench awkwardly and squirming around like I'm on heroin. That's because you might not seem like much, but that little tilt back allows me to manipulate the length tension curve of the exercise. Typically with curls, your arms are straight down by your side. So the hardest part of the contraction is that midpoint you're working against gravity. Obviously, we love the preacher curl because it has an angle to it, which is going to change our joint angle, which then also is going to change at what point in the movement we're going to have peak tension on that bicep. What I found is even just slightly leaning back shifts the tension even more into the bicep when it's at a longer length. So try it. Don't hurt yourself, but try it. Some dumb kids going to do this. Don't do this. I don't see a lot of people talk about training their breaky Alice, which is alive because I don't watch anybody else's content anyways. I think it's a very underrated muscle because of how thick it makes your biceps look. It gives that 3D round fullness. Keeps you from having those skinny little thin bitch arms. I got already here. People complaining now. I can't do this in my gym because two embarrassed to drag a bench across the gym, but you'll sit on the floor any and want to grow to add doctors for half hour. I get a 10-to-10 questions on how to develop a mind muscle connection. If you can't develop one with arms, then you definitely are screwing things up. If your form is off, when you have some secondary muscle jumping in, like traps for triceps, or you have some sort of structural issue, like imaginary latins syndrome, and you can't tuck those elbows in. I think it's a very easy fix though. You just have to find exercises that work for you or put training wheels on. A kid I saw at the gym the other day was using a booty band like this, and I thought maybe he's just trying to get a good whiff. I don't know. We all have our thing. But it was actually kind of brilliant. He knew that when he did skull crushers, his elbows would flare out and he wouldn't connect with it, so he threw a booty band on. And he definitely smelled it. It was pervert. And that way, all he had to focus on was flexing straight down. His elbows were obviously going to try to kick out, but they can't. At this point, you're stuck. You have your training wheels on. You're good. Now, I don't need it, but if you do, it's okay to use something like that to get your mind and muscle to connect and train itself to go on the right path. If you pay attention on these, you'll notice that each set is slightly different. I started with my elbows elevated, and then by the last set, I'm all the way tucked in as much as I can be. It's a very short range of motion, but that tricep is fully stretched and in a lot of pain. Fuck my life. Also, when it comes to my muscle connection, there's no shame and pre-exhaust. In fact, on these one of my favorite ways is to flare my elbows out and do a nice little press down and then go into the motion. You're going to look dumb, but it'll feel horrible. It's probably hard to get a scale on time watching a video like this, but my rest times are like 60 seconds. So a lot of times, I have to drop the weight because I got my ass kicked. That's okay. I'm going to start with a supinated straight bar curl. But you're going to notice like what I did over there by leaning back with this. I'm going to tuck my elbows in further, drive me into my stomach, and that way the angle of my arm is already set up that way, and the cable itself will take care of where the tensions apply. Constant tensions, while we like cables. And I know some people are going to be confused thinking that's a lot of cable work, but in reality, my favorite thing for arms are cables and machines, and then freeway. Because as I've shown you before, you've really got to manipulate and change your form to get that same length tension relationship, which made me realize that I need more machines. I don't have one bicep machine here. I think the three most important things for growing your arms are having dedicated day, so just biceps and triceps. Focus on reps, not wait. And when you want to progress, you overload by adding sets. Next, guess what? We're staying here more cables. This time reverse grip. I have an entire routine that I run through on four arms because they are so small and dick-like. If you want, we can run through that on another video. We don't have time. I'm hungry. So how would I categorize this exercise? I look at it like a long head of the bicep and four. You'll know when you do it because this is what gives out first. Both. They both give out. After all that, now my wrists and elbows are warmed up enough to close grip. Recently, I've been doing these a lot where I flare my elbows out to the side. I hang off the bench because for me it doesn't mess with my shoulders, my chest. Really just stays in that tricep. I'm able to create a nice angle on that arm. And most importantly, it's really effective at targeting that lateral head. I just came across this brick and trader's post. Please stop starting every post with stop doing maybe on stop. Or maybe. I ain't ever gonna stop. Oddly enough, the only exercise I can throw some weight around on is a concentration curl. I know. Done, right? Probably because I'm mostly focused on the East Ender part of the lift. I still make sure it's a decent contraction, but. Here's the breakdown of the workout if you want to do it yourself. I'll also put a free version in the app so it's easier to follow because whatever. And again, if you haven't bought one of the four new programs, they're all only 20 bucks. To keep lifetime access and it goes to a good cause. It helps me feed my 13 dogs and my thick wife. Also comment below a good gym in Austin because it's my happy place. My arms are the source they've been a long time that kind of sore your afraid to straighten them all the way because something bad is going to happen. So if you're new, do not do this workout. You will die.