Alright, today we're going in deep home mobility fixing the nine issues that plague pretty much everybody. Once you do, I guarantee those muscles that are hard to grow will actually grow. And yeah, there's a lot of videos on this topic, but the problem is they suck. And they're answered everything is well, just passively stretch for a few minutes a day and hopefully with enough luck in a year from now, you won't look like you're born with scoliosis. We're going to start out by getting some insight into the overall health of your shoulders with a hundred-nated grease test. What you're going to do is land your back, elbow up to the side, arm at 90 degrees. And you're going to test and see if you can do a full hundred-nated degree rotation while keeping that shoulder pinned to the floor. If you have issues going back, that means you have trouble with external rotation. If you have issues going forward like me, that means you have trouble with internal rotation. And that could be from years of sleeping like an asshole or figure as masturbation. Let's first correct the issue of poor external rotation. And if you're still not sure if this is you, if you've ever got underneath the squat rack and it felt like you're chest and shoulders were tearing in half just to grab the bar, this is you. So how are we going to fix this? This is what we're going to need some help. But don't worry, we're not going to ask anybody else for help. We're going to use a band because just like you, I hate people and I don't want to hear stories about their dumb life. And the band's going to be a big part of pretty much everything we do today. It allows us to mobilize that joint and reset it in its proper position because yeah, you can make progress without it. But because the root of the problem still remains, it's quickly going to be lost. And you're also going to need one of these. Now most James will have a PVC pipe or a stick you can use. But if you're somebody that works at a home, home depot has a shitload of these, and those crazy bastards allow you to cut it yourself. First, you're going to wrap that band around your shoulder and apply traction resetting the joint. From there, you're going to bring that elbow out to the side arm at 90 degrees. You're going to take that off hand, wrap that PVC pipe around the back of your arm, and grab it with your working side. And from there, we apply leverage. How much? So we're going to get into P&F. P&F stands for proprioceptive, neuromuscular facilitation. And I know you're going to have trouble with that. So let's come up with our own acronym. I find it best to use one that's based out of fear to help your memory. P&F nearly flasks. It's essentially when you contract a muscle, but at the same time you apply greater resistance, forcing it into a stretch, and because you were contracting it, as it was being stretched, it's going to turn off some of your body's natural inhibition to stop and protect itself, allowing it to get into a deeper stretch and more easily lengthen that muscle. A good example of this would be me doing a bicep curl, but at the same time I use my opposite handle, apply force, and force it out of a curl. And the proper way to do this is fight it for five seconds, then relax and hold it for another five seconds. Now some people are you that doing this before you train will decrease force output. My rubuttle that is, I don't give it shit about force output. That's not how we train. Second and most important, we're not trying to discover a new range of motion we've never had. We're trying to restore what we previously did have. So once we get those joints in their proper position and those structural muscles loosened up, that body part you're about to hit should be in a better position to generate force. So go to hell. So to get those overly tight muscles that are causing issues with external rotation, the loosen up is quick as possible. Your first kind of start up by internally rotating your shoulder, but at the same time you're going to apply force for that offhand forcing yourself into a nice deep stretch and externally rotating that screwed up shoulder more than you have since you were a 15 year old girl. And the key is to slowly fight for five seconds as you go back into external rotation, obviously letting that offhand win. Once you get to a fully stretched position completely relax and hold for another five seconds. You're going to do 12 to 15 reps, three sets, both sides of both shoulders are screwed up and stop masturbating so much. And here's the best part. This can be done right before whatever body part you're training because unlike passive stretching where it goes to force that muscle to lengthen, we're simply resetting those joint capsules and actively working muscle so if anything, they'll be more primed to contract. But if the idea of doing these right before you work out makes your butt whole pucker, you can simply follow these up with some stability work. And the best way to do that is just ease into whatever movement you're doing with lighter weight. Now if you're somebody that's having trouble internally rotating those shoulders, you're going to feel it on every pressing movement you do. But if you're not sure how bad you suck at it, go do a dip. You're going to notice it's the most demanding in terms of internal rotation and you're going to feel it all in your delts. But if you have this issue, you're going to feel pretty much every chest exercise in your delts. So let's fix. Now the setup similar to what you did for externally going to wrap that band around the front of your shoulder, apply traction and reset that joint capsule in place and also keep you from collapsing that shoulder in. You're going to take that offhand, wrap it around your body and reach back with your working side, palm out, thumbs up and use those little sausage you fingers to try to grab it. Once you do, you apply leverage with your offhand. You're actually flexing and trying to force yourself into external rotation. But obviously the offhand is going to win forcing you to do a deep internal stretch. And same as before, you're fighting for five seconds and holding a fully stretched position relaxed for another five seconds. 12 to 15 reps, three sets. And don't be surprised if it looks just ridiculous because there's a very short range. You should hear people whisper and say, oh, that portal guy stuck. Now I'm willing to bet your structure issues materialize that the same time you're imaginary lads did in seventh grade. Pam will have that tune about a month. The good news is after you correct them retraining your central nervous system as fast. How fast? Well, with the help of the captain in under 60 seconds, you can trick your CNS to thinking this stupid rubber hand is actually your hand. Retraining incorrect movement patterns is just as quick. Well, that didn't work. The good news is we're done with a PVC pipe. Now we can definitely use it on some other things. But I know if I let you play with it too long and you end up showing it up your ass. Now there is actually a worst case scenario. You've been working with mobility issues for so long that it's caused some of your muscles to work in such a short range emotion that they've actually shortened in length. Now this predominantly happens in the chest muscle because of tight shoulders and overly stretch lads. There's actually less room for that chest to work and over time your body adapts. You see your muscles like a shit little Lego or Lincoln logs for your pockets. This is a very simplistic way to put it. But think your muscle fibers stack next to each other and encased in what's called a sarcomer. Why is this important? This is too hot. Your body's fast standing. Over time your muscles will adapt. Put a range emotion you put them through and the sarcomers will actually get shorter. Your muscles will physically get smaller. Now the people that were glasses and shirts like that will tell you it takes over 10 to 12 weeks to make that happen. But considering you've been walking around carrying imaginary luggage for the last 10 years, it's probably already happened to you. Now this is where fixing those incorrect movement patterns and retraining your central nervous system is critical. We're correcting the structural dysfunction with the mobility exercises we're doing today but you must learn how to do these exercises correctly. Otherwise over time you're just going to revert back to your screwed up self. So during the workout after you've done either one or several of these corrective movements, it's vital that you take either every exercise through that newfound range emotion or you do partial movements that solely focus on that new range because if you don't use it you should the bed. But the good news is this is correctable and I've had this issue with my chest and slowly but surely it's gotten better. So let's go over exactly how to remove those little Hershey kisses from my bed. Again the set-up's the same. Traction the shoulder, hand behind your back, thumb up and it's going to be that same P&F style. So first flex your chest and to force it back into a stretch you're actually going to work against it, twist your body and force your shoulder to open up. And again this is perfectly safe to do right before you work out your chest. Actually this is the closest you'll get to a moment that just flexes your chest and like before you're trying to fight it for five seconds but this is such a short range. You might take three, you hold that stretch for five, 12 to 15 reps, three sets. Next this have a look at your shoulder press. Not to judge your shoulders at this point if you can't fix them with what I showed you your lost cause. We're going to assess your thoracic spine. Go do a barbell press. If you notice your head jolt's forward it's either because you train that into your central nervous system by chugging so many winners or you have tightness in the muscles that support your thoracic spine. Your traps, rhomboys, your rectus spine, any supercellaneous. A key to fixing this is you need to find something dense to roll out on. This thing even sounds heavy. All the setup that pay off. And all you have to do to make progress with this issue is pinpoint where the tightness is in your thoracic spine, inner lock your fingers and flex and extend over top of it. And if you don't want to pay an ungodly amount of money for a foam roller from hell, you can do the same exact thing by putting a barbell in a squat rack flexing and extending over top of it but make sure you drive those hips up as you flex forward and drop those hips as you extend back. That'll give you the most amount of movement in that thoracic spine. Oh no, my Lord back. Now with this I found the problem usually stems from the fact that most people avoid training their lower back all together and slowly it gets weaker and tighter over time and eventually they become one of those assholes that were as they're lifting belt to the grocery store. So the road to recovery to fix this problem is to integrate exercises that specifically target those muscles. My favorite being the reverse hyper extension but with that being said, it doesn't mean you can't immediately get relief and reset everything by using a band. Simply line your back with that band high on your leg to traction your hip and do that classic back stretch. We all did MP class and he will instantly feel 7% better. Most people's legs are so dysfunctional and it's such a rare to see somebody go down in a perfectly deep squat that your first thought is I should tell them they're doing a good job. And the reason that everyone looks like they're squatting with force gum blade braces on is because it's actually one of the most complex multi-joint movements and so many things can go wrong. Contrary to popular belief, the way to fix an issue isn't by doing random movements to loosen up where you land the floor and try to donkey punch yourself in the back of the head. It's by finding the position that directly mimics where the problem presents itself and then attack it. And for glutes it's always at the bottom of a deep squat. So we're going to get a bench going to a deep lunge and add traction to that hip from behind but make sure that thing is securely fast and otherwise your butt hole will grow by three sizes that day. The reason this is the best way to un-fuck your hips and start to recruit your glutes before your workout is because if you've ever squatted down and felt a horrible pinch somewhere around your hip flexor and your idea to fix it was just continue to squat down. You've noticed it only gets worse with time and that's because you have to actually reset your hip joint and the way you're going to do this one is again like you're doing reps. You're hunting for restrictions so go down and do a deep lunge, hold it for five seconds back out, do it again until it releases and then keep hunting. You're doing five minutes on each side and then go cracks and mollinets. Another reason that 99% of squats look like garbage is because their knees are trying to sort of fight with each other. Kind of like used to do with your good old elementary school bathroom money. The problem is their adductors. They suck when they drive it from a squat their knees collapse in but the good news is it's a quick fix. All you need to do is squat down and put your back against the wall and then we're going to pee and f the shove by putting an elbow under each mediaealous and then contracting those adductors at the same time we're going to force them into a stretch by putting our hands together and driving them down. Five for five relaxes the bottom for five, 12 reps, three sets and if you make eye contact with anybody they'll probably walk into traffic later that day. Another area that causes issues that's a little bit harder to diagnose when you're watching someone's dildo legs as they squat are the hamstrings but put them in a stiff leg deadlift and right away you'll notice either they don't move at all or they're gaining all of their flexibility from their lower back from years of trying to blow themselves. The quick fix is to lengthen that hamstring all the way up or to ridge nays by traction in the hip from behind with the band and this will also help you release any additional dysfunction you have in that hip. Same thing is before five, five, 12, three. Lastly we're going to fix your ankles. The predominant reason that most people squat looks like they rode their bike off a cliff as a kid, broke their legs, got an anisia and their parents never told them because it was caused by their neglect. And this corrects everything from a killies to calf tightness to the actual ankle joint itself. Wrap the band around the top of your foot to help reset normal function in the ankle joint and with your foot under plate you're going to drive your knee forward and out. It's really important you drive it out because again we're trying to mimic what we want to happen in a deep squat. Five, five, 12, three. Holy hell that was a lot of information but trust me, even if you just do one of those it's going to do a lot more for you than sitting there passively stretching your ham wall at for 10 minutes. If you want to grow programs only below all only 20 bucks.