Alright, today we're going to exactly what you should eat pre-workout, and it's all backed by science, and it is getting fascinating, and I guarantee you're doing it wrong, because I was too f*** you strawberry. Now, I'm sure just like me, you've gone too hard in the paint during a cheap mail. Welcome to the next morning and had the most painful disgusting pumps during your training, but we can't do that every day, because then we'll just end up looking like little fat pillsbury workout boys. But there are some insights we can gain from those epic cheap meals that will help us optimize our pre-workout nutrition and put our muscles in a prime state to grow. To do that, we got to go over exactly what happens when your muscle contracts. I think this is actually a well-sforgiana. Now obviously there's a lot more that goes on, but here's a list of some of the major role players that we can actually have an impact on. And you thought that clenching your bunchyx to stop a rogue fart was all about the mind muscle connection. Turns out there's a lot more to it than that. Nerves of what tell your muscle cells to contract it. Rest you have higher concentrations of sodium outside your muscle cell than inside and higher potassium levels inside than outside, but when you contract this reverses. And it's that beautiful scissoring ice capades that's critical for nerve function. And that should be your aha moment. When you wake up in the morning, take a piss and it's dark brown and burns like hell that means that you're dehydrated and you're dicks about to fall off. But also, you can't gag down a gallon of water and expect they're not to be consequences. And I get them. They're used to replenish and balance those electrolytes throughout the day, but also supplement them prior to during and obviously after you're training because that's when they're most depleted. Unless you're me and you just sweat all the fucking time. I've never understood why people have to do this. I mean, why do you need to see through the little pocket here? Only I can think of is that you just store a bunch of polaroid dick pics and hand them out to random people. You lose anywhere from 500 to 2000 milligrams of sodium as you train as well as some potassium, magnesium, and blah blah blah. How do you know if you're somebody that sweats out 500 milligrams are closer to 2000 and beyond? What was every hat you own look like it's got John Denver's beloved Rocky Mountains on it? They're on the high red sick fuck. And I can't stress this enough. If you're not getting a pump when you train, it might not be the reason you think that you didn't carve up on enough kid's cuisine before you hit the gym. It's because your electrolytes are far. And it goes without saying I'm talking directly to athletes and highly trained individuals. If you're somebody that plays Russian roulette with your heart every time you tug it, this isn't for you. To get back on the right track, all you need to do is find an electrolyte mix with the right ratios. And I'm not going to even pretend like I remember what those are, so I'll just put them here. Bad news is there's a shit load of them and most of them taste like crushed up by kid and so fine ones, they have enough sodium potassium into a lesser extent magnesium. Here's some options. This one's my favorite, but I hate to show it because you ask holes always buy all of it. But if you're not going to do that, at the very least, start adding sea salt to your water. Cool story, bro. But what about those delicious, delicious carbs? Well, you got three options. It really depends on what your priority is. Whether you're trying to lose fat, build muscle or you can do what I do. And they've already swith in my shirt. When your primary goal is fat loss, obviously on a maintain as much muscle as possible. But more than anything else, you want to lose head extra fat because you know when summer comes and that shirt comes off, your new girlfriend's going to see those glorious outers and she's gone. So you got to trim down those milky moves ASAP. Then you should train carb depleted. That means you don't get any fucking carbs. Because when you do you increase fat metabolism. And I know some people are going to push back on that. So I only pull from my own anecdotal experience. When I'm on an I hate everything low carb high protein diet, I lose fat at a faster rate. When I do something really extreme like trained fasted first thing in the morning, the results are even better. So do with that, what's you will to help those outers. Would you look at that happy bastard? The next option is focusing your carbohydrate intake around your training, roughly 60 to 90 minutes before that what you make sure have enough muscle glycogen. And I know that sounds like a magical made-up word, but all muscle glycogen is, is a few glucose molecules going as to ass and that's how we storm in our muscles. And it's the energy source for a contraction. You burn roughly one gram of carbohydrates for every minute you train. So it leads you to believe that if you trained for 60 minutes, you only need to ingest 60 grams. Don't do that. Carbohydrates are glucose. Obviously plays other roles in your body. So when you take it in, some will go to your liver, some will make it to become muscle glycogen. And some will just piss off and float through your bloodstream like it's a goddamn lazy river. That's why you'll see that people that have done the research on this and are the experts will recommend that you need to take in one to two grams per kilogram before you train which are numbers that I don't fucking understand. So I use 0.45 to 0.9 grams per pound. But I think you're safer stay on the side of 0.45 per pound. For me, that's around 100 grams. Now the question is what kind of carbs should you take in? Well, you really only want two kinds. Fructose and glucose. Because they both have different rates of absorption, which provides both quicker and longer lasting forms of energy. Now fructose is simply fruit. And some have higher concentrations than others, like apples, blueberries, grapes, bananas, which also is a great source of potassium. And we already know that you suck at taking that electrolyte. And glucose comes from pretty much every other carb source. You rise, potatoes, oats. But I would choose the ones with a least amount of fiber that we don't slow down digestion. Your goal is to get them into your system so they're there when you need them. Not to sit in your colon and slowly brew deathfarts. The best bet is get a fourth of your carbs from fruit and the other three quarters from something easy on your stomach, like a white rice. That way you don't cause too much gastrointestinal distress, I eat back pee. Or you could do what I do because I don't trust myself around them and I don't want to become a fat mess. I just have them when I train my lagging body part. And lastly, protein. And it's simpler than you think. It's there for protein synthesis, preventing damage and recovery. All you need is to get those amino acids in your system. So if you train later in the day, it can come from a whole food source. Just make sure it's lower and fat. So it also doesn't slow down digestion. But if you train first thing in the morning and you're limited on time, then you want to get it in your system as fast as possible so you should take a protein check. But remember this video, don't fall for that bullshit, like Eiff protein isolate or some ridiculous concentrate that's marketed as the best thing ever. Get yourself an isolate, whether it's way, pee protein, it doesn't matter. And the ratio should be one to two. So if you're having 100 grams of carbs, you should have 50 grams of protein. Well, what else is there? There's a lot of shit. If you want to build more muscle, programs are linked below. Fucking cockass.