These are stem cells. And this is me getting stem cells in my freaking neck. Why? Because of this guy. You might have seen him on Rogan talking about the sinkable stem cells. He sent me a text saying... So all I had to do is take a quick and easy flight to Austin. Why would they let me watch this movie? Well, at least I'm not flying on a... Holy hell we're all gonna die. And I made it. The reason I was so excited about this is because I've dedicated my entire life to health and fitness. One second. This is the trophy I got after taking other kid's souls during the jump rope for heart. Also look at my dad's porn stash. I don't think I could pull that off. So to have access to what I feel is the cutting edge in terms of regenerative medicine is a dream come true. Because if you start paying attention, you're gonna notice all the elite athletes and everyone in the know has been taking this stuff for a long, long time. I can't say it too much, but German act is actually... He is literally talking about LeBron going overseas to get stem cells. I'm a... maybe in Brooklyn. Yeah, buddy! And I've been researching this stuff for a long time, but never pulled the trigger because every company I reached out to, they come back with a quote of upwards of twenty five thousand dollars. And I had to fly to a different country. Nope. Turns out... It doesn't have to be that expensive. And if you're interested at the end of this video, I'll show you how. So I'm assuming your first question is probably what do they even do. But while in the United States, they can't claim to treat anything. But if you look at the clinical data, you're gonna see they're doing studies around pretty much every type of disease and injury you can think of. But what the hell is a stem cell? Solid question. This is a picture of a stem cell, but that's actually a horrible name for what they are because even the guy who first discovered him has since come out and said he regrets calling them that. The initial excitement surrounding stem cells has to do with the fact that it's a very unique cell. It has the ability to sell for newer multiply while still maintaining the ability to develop into different types of cells. Meaning that it could turn into anything. Blood, bone, nerve, skin, even muscle cells. But that's only possible in a petri dish. When they're injected into the body, they don't work that way. They technically should be called signaling cells because when injected, they navigate to an area of need and secretive right molecules that stimulate tissue repair, modulated immune responses and support the survival and function of nearby cell. But don't let that kill your excitement because these things are powerful. They can do things that I didn't even think were possible. A good example of this is a study they did where they attach an old mouse to the back of a young mouse which is pretty messed up and it's got a real human centipede vibe. But what they found is that older mouse showed significant improvements in terms of muscle repair, liver, brain function, among other things. And I think it's all due to the fact that it was exposed to that younger mouse stem cells or signaling cells. Are we done? Shut up, yo. Going forward, I'm going to go back to referring to them as stem cells. It just makes it a little less confusing. The next thing you're probably asking yourself is, where did these come from and is this legal? Because I don't know about you. I previously thought you had to fly to a different country to get this done. The term harvesting stem cells has a pretty harsh connotation to it. It sounds like you're taking a bunch of babies through an amount of blender and making margaritas. But that's not the case. In the US, all stem cells come from live births. So this guy's going to go on to live a normal life. White chocolate, positive. I don't know why I thought making it rain with this baby would illustrate it having a long and healthy life. But that's what I did. Game on. That's how you shoot a f***ing baby. Take that, dude. Perfect. stem cells are derived from several places, either the placenta itself or the cord's tissues and blood. And when I'm sure you've heard of, the amniotic fluid that previously surrounded the baby before it got pooped out. Whatever seed was an IV-appearified amniotic fluid. That way it can work systematically. Run through my system, finding the issues, and then send signals to repair. And then I got the holy grail of stem cells, Wharton's jelly injected into my freaking neck. And Wharton's jelly is just the go inside the Ambilica cord. This is not a great representation of it because it's a stupid model. So I'll put a picture up. But it's just got the highest concentration of mesenchymal stem cells and a rich extracellular matrix. The extracellular matrix is like scaffolding that helps tissue repair. That's why I injected into my neck because it has a localized effect. And when I say this stuff is amazing and promotes healing pretty much everywhere, I'm not exaggerating. While I was there, this killer of men showed up. Like an inner condo, any gench this division, boarded, riot. He ended up being an incredible person and we shared some Terry Blacks together if you know, but he was there because it didn't tap and let somebody break his ankle. I was there because I've been masturbating with the same hand my entire life. Now my neck hurts. We are not the same. I also missed running into Rogan by 20 minutes. I assume he's just trying to live forever. Which I get. Because the neat thing about stem cells, while they don't differentiate when injected into your body, turn into different cells, what they do is find damaged or dying cells and donate their mitochondria, rescuing them. Which brings me to an important point. There's a huge difference between cellular and acelular. acelular is what my wife got tricked into buying and what some clinics offer. Still rich in proteins and other beneficial things. But again, the true beauty is those live cells being able to donate their mitochondria. And they have to be stored at negative 196 degrees Celsius. The moment they start thong, they start dying. So if you go to a clinic and they pull out of a lunchbox and it's not stored on dry ice, you just bought the most expensive injection of bullshit. Now this stuff does have its limits. If you're training chest and you tear your pack right off, it's not going to reattach you. But partially torn? Yeah, I've even seen one where the injected people with congestive heart failure and they saw an improvement. What about that thing we all got sick from about three years ago? The one we do not speak the name of, the Voldemort's, turns out it works for that too. Oh my god! But you know the thing I'm selfishly really excited about? Hair loss. Because I've tried everything. Do task to ride. A Dermapand followed by Manoxidel. Derek's home brew kit for ru58841. I even have the laser cap. But by far the best results I've gotten is from PRP. It's a pain in the head but incredibly effective. Even in that doesn't compare to the before and afters I've seen when using stem cell treatments for hair loss. It's like they never even lost it. It's glorious. And Brigham doesn't know this yet but I'm going to fly back next month, show up on his doorstep because I want to try it. Speaking of which let me tell you why I like this Brigham guy so much. First off yeah his name is ridiculous. I agree but I immediately connect with him and I think it's because damaged people surround themselves with other damaged people. He lost his brother to an overdose. I'm assuming that's why he does what he does. He doesn't do it for money. I'm sure he likes it and probably has a jar on top of his fridge but he charges 4500 bucks for stem cells. That's a half or a quarter less than everyone else. It's not cheap. I understand that but if it avoids you having surgery it's worth it. It's the same reason I didn't show this picture in the beginning of the video because it fucking hurts. Also I just realized they gave me a baseball trophy for jumping rope. My mom ended up drinking herself to death and I liked to think that the man I am today and what I've access to could have saved her but probably not. She was destined to burn out. But I know that's not the last time I'm going to face some life altering problem and I can speak for anybody who has. Anytime you do you don't even want the right answer. You just want hope. I'm going to link Brigham below if you're falling apart need help and you don't have to tell him my dumb ass since you that's not what I'm doing this. I don't get paid for anything. I just feel like everyone should have access to this and don't worry it's going to cost me a fortune because my wife just found out you can put them on your face to increase a last tifty. So pair that with my hair loss. I'm going to have to pull 9k out of my ass. And as always if you need help putting a muscle programs to link below all 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. wife baby.