This is an apple that's been sitting here for four days. And this is an apple that's been sitting here for four days from McDonald's. Now McDonald's claims the only thing they add to it is calcium-esquirbet, which is basically just synthetic vitamin C, but I've got trust issues and it tastes more processed than that. Which inevitably let me down a rabbit hole trying to answer the question, why are most people so unhealthy? Because over the past 40 years, we've gotten progressively sicker and fatter. Is it the simple fact that over that time period we've increased our calories by 20%. In the late 1970s, we're eating 2,169 calories a day. Now we're at 2,594 calories. I don't know how many pounds you gained per week, but that equals diabetes. Or does it have something to do with the fact that the average American diet is now made up of 60% ultra-process foods, which is disgusting if you think about it. But so fucking good. Let's first dive into what I discovered in terms of overall calorie consumption, because you can definitely make the case. It's not what you eat. It's more about how much. Thank you, sir. For example, have you ever heard of the Twinkie diet? It was made famous by college professor who only ate this 37 ingredient lab-created miracle for 10 straight weeks. The caveat being, he had to maintain a calorie deficit. The results, he ended up losing 27 pounds. His BMI went from an obese 29 to a normal 25. His LDL went down and his HDL went up. And that's not an outlier. A kid did a similar thing where he ate straight garbage for six months. McDonald's, maintaining calorie deficit, lost 56 freaking pounds. Seeing kinda dumb shit comes in here now. Thanks for the apples slices. Not honey mustard. I wanted honey. Good all 1%. And it's not the weight they lost. It's fascinating. It's the fact that they saw significant improvements across their blood work, meaning that you could have 90% of the health benefits just by finding your maintenance level of calories and eating less than that. But there is one type of process, food. I want to dive deeper into because my feed is constantly flooded with people screaming about. Do you know how to eliminate the seed oils? And you start looking around and realize this stuff is in everything. So we should probably do our due diligence and figure out if this is killing us or not. If it's the new syphilis. The official government stance is that you should switch to your saturated fats to these vegetable or seed oils. But we all know the government's got a bit of a record of getting things wrong. Remember this, Jim? Honestly, I'm not gonna hate on it too much because those elementary school lunches were some of the best I've ever had. I do wonder how many diabetic kids they killed over the years though by feeding us orange slices and making us take a nap. Or this one, which I think is even more appalling because this came out within the last year where they decided they ground beef as bad. Lucky charms are better. Not as good as chicken breasts, but they all pale in comparison to frosted minuites. Fucking dumbasses. So we obviously can't take their word for it. So to understand exactly why people are freaking out so much, we need to look at the fatty acid molecules themselves. Saturated fats are called that because all the carbons in the fatty acid chain are bonded to the maximum number of hydrogens hence being saturated. They also have no double bonds that will make sense in a second. The fact that they only have single bonds is what allows us molecules to closely pack together and the reason that saturated fats form a solid state at room temperature. A mono-unsaturated fat has a single double bond causing the molecule to kink or bend. Think olive oil. Polyunsaturated fats, which is predominantly what cedos and vegetable oils are, poofas for short, not to be confused with foopas or footas, are unsaturated fats that have two or more double bonds. I had to come back and film this part again because the first time it sounded like I said dildo bonds. What's interesting about these is this double bonds actually make the molecule so long that it lowers the freezing point. So I can take these omega-3s throw in the freezer and they're not gonna freeze. Now the biggest concern these anti-cedore-lers have is that since the introduction of these things we've steadily increased the amount of omega-6s in our diet completely screwing up that pressures omega-3 to 6 ratio, which should be anywhere between 1 to 1 to 4, not the 1 to 20 that we're at today. That could be a problem. Just around the same page, these are the most common vegetable or cedo oils that have very high levels of omega-6s. And what makes the problem even worse is they're mostly in the form of linoleic acid. In the body linoleic acid synthesizes to a raccadonic acid, which is pro-inflammatory. Unlike your omega-3s, your ALA's, DHA's, EPA's, all anti-inflammatory. And the crux of it all is they're competing for the same enzyme. So if you're taking 20 times the amount of omega-6s in the form of linoleic acid, you're gonna be inflamed. And we know inflammation is bad. Heart disease, cancer, but that's not what the research shows. Every meta-analysis I found showed no negative side effects. In fact, some of them show that they lowered your risk of coronary heart disease. And don't tell me what happens when you inject a rat with it and it grows tits on its back. That doesn't matter. Show me what happens when people ingest. And before anybody freaks out and jumps in the comments, it says just because they lower the cholesterol. That doesn't mean they lowered their risk. ApoB, a protein involved in the metabolism of lipids, is the best metric we have for atherosclerosis. ApoB's on every LDL, bad cholesterol, and VLDL, lipoprotein. So the only way you can get that number down is by lowering those numbers. So, going to bag a dicks. Don't get me wrong. These things are disgusting. The meta-steps it takes to make these edible is ridiculous. Everything from solvent extraction to degumming, which sounds like a nice time with a geriatric lady, to bleaching. I don't want to hear anything about bleaching unless it has to do with white shirts or butt holes. After all that, the most important thing I learned is that if you want to live a long and healthy life, just maintain a calorie deficit because the worst thing you could be is a big fat mess. Also, it didn't make me realize that the avocado oil that I thought was healthy is highly refined because the smoke point should not be 500 degrees. They bleached this one too. Now, if you're curious in whether or not I'm going to keep seed oils in my diet, the answer is yes. But just for wrestling. Alright, which one do you want to get punched in the baby maker first? As always, programs link below 30 days, 20 bucks, you know. Don't worry, it's organic.