Alright, today we're going over the supplements that will actually help you build muscle faster because you can spend a lot of money on things you'll just end up pissing or shutting out and I've done that for years so you don't have to. Let's get after it. Alright, let's start with the most important of all supplements because I've noticed my opinion seems to differ from other people and that's your protein shakes. Honestly, I'm even considered this a supplement to me. This is a damn meal in a bag. It's just as good as a whole food meal if you have a high quality source of protein. And you can tell a lot by where you buy your protein from. So, the count of three, say where you buy it from. One, two, Costco. Now good. And my stance on protein is just by the absolute best. If you're a way drinker, then get away isolate. Don't fall into the casing trap, which I did a lot when I was younger. I wake up in middle and night, horrible pains crawled to the bathroom. My girlfriend would be like, I don't think this is good. And I have to tell her, honey, you don't understand. It's slow digesting. That's why it smells like something died inside my ass. Instead of taking a lower quality protein that digest slowly, take a higher quality one and slow down the digestion by adding a good healthy fat like almond butter. Now vegan proteins are a little bit trickier because most of them taste like dirt. And companies think that vegan means you want me to add goji berries and fava beans, which I fucking don't, but they do it anyways. So, I would still use the same methodology and find an isolate, preferably a fermented pie isolate. Now, when you're going with way or plant based, here's a good test for you. Next time we're at the supplement store, just start turning around jugs to see how many calories are in each because we know that every gram of protein has four calories in it. And companies try to shoot for that 25 grams per scoop mark. So, your cross or your nuts hope in the your favorite brand is as close to 100 calories as possible. That's why it's pretty damn shocking when you turn around muscle milk and you realize, holy shit, there's 160 calories. Only 16 grams of protein in the first ingredient is actually fucking milk. Kind of makes sense why you're a big fat bloated mess in high school. At the end of the day, the most important thing is a good quality high source of protein. So, spend the money on it. You wouldn't go to the grocery store and buy a bunch of baloney and think, got a shitload of protein, I'm good to go. Unless you would, in that case, you're a lost cause. Which brings you to number two on the list, pre-workout supplements. This is part of because I like specific things in mind that I think are really beneficial for muscle building, but also I think it's nice to have a pre-workout routine and ritual you go through that kind of let your body know, okay, it's time to kick your own ass. Now, for me, there's two must-have ingredients. First one, beta alanine. Second, creatine monohydrate. Now, a lot of people argue that the beta alanine is more of an adearned supplement and you have to take it at such high doses to really see effects. But if you watch this channel or maybe you're in the 30-day full gym program, you know, we train with some ridiculously high-repped sets. For instance, one of the leg-day starts out with six sets of leg extensions. First one's 50 reps. The last one's 100 reps. You can kind of guess the in-between. So having a supplement that helps with your endurance, not a bad fucking thing. And creatine monohydrates been around for years. So it's tough to argue against the effectiveness of it. But I will say that most companies rely on putting a shitload of stimulants in their pre-workout to sell you on how great it is. Usually it's a piss-poor formula wrapped in way too much caffeine. So I find it better either to build it yourself or by a non-stimulate version and just add a little caffeine to it. Which brings us to a very important topic? Recovery. I always get questions. What do you take to recover these workouts suck? I hate my life. How do I fix my broken legs? Let me just say I started out as the worst kind of person. I used to take my little jug of glutamine with me everywhere I went. So picture me a high-schooler with little to no muscle with this little jug of glutamine at chilies. That's what I did. Excuse me, waitress, can I have some more water? I need to wash down my glutamine before I eat. It's important. I build muscle. And then for years I just kind of stop taking all recovery basal supplements like BCA's and EAA's because I didn't really see much of a benefit from the fajitas and glutamine I was taking. So I just push into the wayside. Don't recently. No, I won't link it below. Usually little fat thumbs and find it yourself. Why is this so crucial? Ripple Flavin. No, it's because it has a decent amino acid profile. It doesn't spike your insulin. I tested with that continuous glucose monories to always wear and most importantly, it's the only way I drink the amino water I'm supposed to on a daily basis. As we know, you want your muscles to grow. You got to keep hydrated. Now I understand that's the most of not just thing a human being can say is that they don't like the taste of water. But I don't. And the only time I remember to drink it is when I'm pissing brown. So that's not good. Now does it taste like candy? No. But if you're somebody that struggles to get their water in and even those little jugs it say keep going. You only have 110 ounces left. Don't motivate you to drink. This will help. Now what about the rest of this shit? Well, it all falls in the category of I bought it to be more healthy and I forget to take it just about every single day. But if you have the extra cash, I would definitely splurge. You have your multi-vitamin, your megithrees. That just depends on you. That's a great one because if you're far too much kill your wife, that's a good sign you need them. But I've been willing to guess you probably have a cabinet full of this shit. Where'd you get it from? One, two, Costco. If you haven't checked out the new 30 day full gym program, I'll leave that link below. And the Grades program, if you're still stuck at home, that's there too. Same thing. 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. If you need help with your diet, I'd watch this video next. If you want to see what the 30 day programs like, watch that one. But most importantly subscribe. Hit that notification bell. And get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.