All right, today we're going to go over some more common training mistakes and lucky for you. I consider myself to be the foremost expert on doing dumb shit. One time I wanted to test out what it would be like if I had an extreme amount of carbs before it worked out and it just so happened to be the best possible place to test this out. Las Vegas. So went down to Blasio Buffet and I timed it perfectly. I got about three plates in for breakfast and then they switched over lunch and I continued to hurt myself through lunch to the point where I was waddling out of there half drunk on carbs falling, sleep standing out but I came prepared. I had with me pre-made. They only pre-work out to anybody took back in the day. You know the one, tastes like I had crack rocks in it and I'll explode. And I got about halfway through that when my stomach started to violently fight back and that's when I realized I fucked up. Our let's start with something that relates to personal trainers but also beginner lifters as well. To me there's nothing more frustrating than when you see a trainer allowing the client to continue to do an exercise they have got off the form on. Not only that they actually try to get them to progress in the exercise by adding weight, but this means that they're just not only having the hard conversation because in my book it's perfectly okay to stop them halfway through the set and just say, stop right there. It's pretty apparent to me that you suck at these and I get it. It's a balancing act because when I make sure people feel like they got their money's worth and didn't just sit around and work on ankle flexibility for an hour but in our reality some people need that. You know it's funny though. More often than not especially when it comes to leg stuff and squat depth. It isn't structural. It isn't some sort of impingement. It's usually just their fear of going all the way down. It's like they think if they go all the way down something's going to jump up and bite them in the ass. So with those people what I do is they take them over the hacks what and I do some crazy high rep set and then I just kind of whisper to them as they start to fail and worry. I got you and then I dumped like the weight slowly crashed down and then once they realize that nothing's going to jump up their ass when they hit the bottom of the rep they're usually good after that. One common mistake that most people make when they're trying to drop a little body fat is they rely heavily on cardio and I've said this before. You cannot crunch a shit diet. You cannot run. You cannot risk walk a shit diet. And I'll never forget the first time I learned how many calories were in a muffin. A f***ing muffin. And I'm about you. I can't just have one. I have all. And that day it was Calculating how many calories I burned as I was on the treadmill and I realized it was about four blueberries. It's like there's gotta be a better way. And there is. My stand from this if you can't make progress with just your diet alone you have no business having cardio in. And you have no idea what the f***er doing. Because cardio isn't a crutch. It's a tool to identify your results. Not something to rely on to get them. I'll just go over one more thing because I'm not feeling so hot. Could be that I stay up all night for three nights a week or then I'm getting that virus that everybody's been talking about again. Don't worry, I'm not that much of an incentive break. I truly already had it one time. But if I don't make it this time, I expect all of you to show up to my funeral and leave the shirts and to sprinkle a little protein on the coffin. You probably know what I'm gonna say. The biggest mistake that I see people make is just going through the motions. Doing exercises that they see other people do are just doing them the traditional way and not finding ways to really connect with those better. And you call it the my muscle connection. To me, it just comes down to putting more tension, force, pressure on that muscle, the primary muscle you're trying to work. At the end of the day, if you want better results, you gotta be okay with looking like an asshole. Because if you want a better connection, you gotta try some words done. That's why I don't be surprised if you see me the gym looking awkward AF. Try and somewhere to exercise land on the floor or purposely doing exercise wrong or on the machine backwards. Look, I have no idea to use it because then pursuit of just getting a better connection to me, that's all worth it. And as always, like subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get growing. I'll talk to you soon.