I'm sure you got into working out for the same reason I did because of this guy. You saw this movie? I'm coming day and night. You read this book and you thought it's just a matter of days before I look like him and I'm walking around with beautiful women on my shoulder. But anybody who started this bodybuilding journey will tell you, it takes time. And pair that with the body positive moment, I'm still not there. Get there. Get there. So I thought it'd be a good idea to take a look back at Arnold Stowl training in nutrition to see if it still holds up today. Because since the goal of narrow bodybuilding, there's been numerous case studies done looking at his exact training style and we just have a better overall understanding nutrition. So we can see if there's anything useful, we want to integrate in our current training. Or if it's all just deboling genetics. And I don't want to just sit here and look at case studies and critique what is our bodybuilding Jesus. So for the next 30 days, I'm going to go through his exact training program and I'm going to eat everything he ate on his mass-building diet. What kind of sickle eats two cups of full fat cottage cheese? Oh, I'm going to throw up for sure. One four whole eggs, third cup of oats, tables with a honey, two strips of bacon. Holy shit. Obviously, the thing you're going to replace here is the bacon. If we look at it from a pure macros standpoint, it's just fat and protein. There's better sources you could have. Fuck, it smells good though. When's the last time you've had a bacon? Oh, the honey. I can see why people slowly eat themselves to death. Now when you look at his training, what the first thing that should jump out to you is holy crap, I am under training because he trained everybody part three times a week. Monday morning, chest and back at night, legs and calves, Tuesday morning, shoulders, lower back arms, forearms, if he wasn't too tired. If he was, he would split it up into a amp and work at as well. Then repeat, repeat, repeat, repeat and say. The potential for overtraining is at an all-time high because you're consistently walking into the gym, about to train a muscle that still is incredibly sore. The word thing is though, after about two weeks, your body kind of gets used to it, but it's definitely not optimal. Brad Chow and Phil ran a meta-analysis looking at this exact thing. The frequency of training, trying to figure out what's best to train a body part one, two, or even three times a week. What he found is that depending on the body part, it's best to train it twice in comparison to one time a week. As far as anything more than that, no fucking clue. Or do I stand up personally? I think three times a week for your entire body is way too much. Obviously it worked for him and I think it works great to bring up weak body parts, but not for your entire body. It was a full-time job to recover from the workouts. The number of naps I took over the last 30 days is embarrassing. Even that one of those shitty naps where people take on the couch where you actually get into bed and you wake up, you have no idea what day your year it is, those naps. I think a better option for most people would be to do his split where you hit everybody part twice a week. Meal two, 10 ounces of red meat, two sweet potatoes, three ounce nuts, one tablespoon olive oil, a large salad. Overall, this is a pretty phenomenal meal. There's stuff to sell. The salad can fish off. Now there's a couple of things I loved about this programming and one thing I didn't. The first is pairing chest with upper back. Now technically, you've got to be careful because as you train your chest and it gets tight, it's going to cause your shoulders to internally rotate. It's not as simple as just pulling weight down because as you train your lats, the exiting certain the anterior side of your humerus. As those get tight, it's going to also cause that shoulder tip forward and down. But as long as you focus on externally rotating your shoulders as you do your lap moments to bring in your rhomboid, your lower traps, I love this idea. Because two of the biggest complaints I hear from people is that I can't keep my shoulders out of my chest pressing moments and I can't connect with my lats. By supersetting, which is the majority of what Arnold did, supersets, tri sets, giant sets, it wasn't really a big straight set kind of guy. You're actually targeting the muscles that are going to help bring those shoulders back before you press. And as you pull down having that tight chest to work against, should help you have a better mind muscle connection. It's like that beautiful horrible pain you get when you superset biceps and triceps, but to an even greater degree. It's definitely two body parts I'm going to continue to pair going forward for a while. Sixty ounces whole mouth, two scoops weight gainer. It's like cake better. First thing I screwed up is I should have got chocolate, vanilla sucks. Second, given the opportunity, always eat whole food instead of a shake. The quality of these things are not great, but you got to wonder what kind of weight intershakes did Arnold have back in the day? I'm assuming it was just cornstarch and rancid protein, the farts. I'm sure the farts were just awful. Another thing I loved about this program related to that is that I'm a huge fan of pullovers for lats. I never do them for chest. I did when I was younger, but it's a bit of a tricky movement. The first half of the movement is perfect for targeting your lats. And as you continue to pull through, it shifts the focus to your chest. And surprisingly, it does a really good job with this. I verified this with the EMG device. It's one of the few exercises that really targets those lower fibers. The ones that originate off your cost, all in abdominal sheath. But it's rare I would train chest and upper back together like this. So usually I just cut in half and make it a strict back exercise. So now it makes so much sense. I don't throw it on at the end because it is the ultimate finisher. And you end up hitting secondary muscles that you constantly neglect, like your serratus anterior. And that thing is important unless you want your scapped a pitch of tent out of your back. Keep break to check out our most recent foster. And no one's not our fault he had diabetes before we got him. 12 ounces chicken, two cups brown rice, one large salad, one tablespoon olive oil. Fuck this salad again, but he's more important than that. Nobody should be eating brown rice. Eat white rice. Now if we're looking at the exact exercise you did, you're going to see what I did not love about his program. And that's you're doing stiff leg deadlifts for lower back. That means you're training legs. Every single day. Why? Why? Meal five, two cups of full fat cottage cheese and three ounces of nuts. I mean it makes perfect sense. It's more of a slow to adjusting casing. It just, it gets gross after a while. It starts out really sweet and then it starts to taste like shit. I will say this. If you haven't trained like Arnold before, do it. Do it for at least seven days. Obviously you're going to over train, but that's okay. That's not the point. It's going to teach you how to push yourself. And then from that point on every time you step in the gym, you'll have the ghost of Arnold judging you. Just a public service announcement. No thick women were hurt filming this video. Also if you've tried Arnold's training, you want to try something else. Programs are linked below only 20 bucks. Get after it.