All right, today we're taking some old school exercises and in a ridiculous amount of volume and sprinkling in some of my stupid ideas and I guarantee if your traps have been grown, they're going to be forced to after this one. Let's get after it. Filming these videos for the program is inspiring me to create more full workouts because it's nice to make something to give people a different perspective or show if you exercise is here and there, hopefully they can take those and make progress. But when you give them the actual sets and reps, it's glorious because you know if they do it, it's going to ruin their day. You know what they're related to is the guy who makes glitter bombs or people that still those hands on packages, it's like that for fitness. Oh, here you go, but here's a couple of nice exercises. Fuck you. All right, so the first exercise is dead lifts. I added these back in recently because I'm sure just like you and proceed to putting more size on that chest and those delts, constantly working to keep those shoulders back and that posture correct. And I wasn't even halfway through the first set before my traps were like, holy hell. And a lot of that has to do with the way we're going to do them. First thing is we're doing sets of 20. Now is that going to piss off your back? Absolutely. That's why you should do it. I'm going to do this coming week and training your traps on back day. That way you can least feel good about blowing up your back. The second thing is you're going to bring that weight down and tap the floor with each rep, not rest it. Our goal is to keep that trap under tension, the entire set. And really, this is just a way to check in on your form. Make sure you're not a complete screw up. The last thing is use your straps because your traps can put in some serious work unless you're bringing in your groceries from your car. For some reason when you're doing that, they're weaker than shit. All right, next up we got racked hands. And we're going to do them in a way that makes you go lighter, which isn't a bad thing. Because even if you have access to a gym and they amount of weight, you would typically need to do these. It's still a pain in the ass to lug them across the gym. And you're going to be a special kind of prick to sit on your sandcastle plates and watch people fight over the scraps. Keep walking. You don't need these. The most important thing to note here is we're really slowing down the movement doing a three count negative and a three count positive. Everything else still applies. You're going to bring that weight to a complete stop, but don't disengage, keep a static contraction and keep that back safe. And also try to figure out what's the best pin height for you. I air on the side of being a little bit lower, but you could be totally different. Just do it. You feel the best or the worst pain you've ever felt in your entire life. All right, to make sure you're made and lower traps don't feel neglected, we're going to finish up by grabbing some dumbbells and setting up a slight incline. And because we're mentally unwell, we're going to do them as a drop set. The biggest thing on these is keep those shoulders down. This is not like a traditional shrug where your goal is to touch shoulders to ears when it keeps them compressed and pull straight back. I suggest if you catch yourself doing these wrong, just get up looking the mirror and verbally and or physically assault yourself, so it doesn't happen again. I'll be sure to put the sets and reps in the description. Also, if you need help, kick in your own ass. I'll put a link to the program below. If you're new or you haven't seen these videos next, I would watch these, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Talk to you soon.