You guys seem to like that last Bicep video where it took all the hardest exercises I've ever done, put it in the morning workout and destroyed myself. So today, we're doing the same thing for tri-seps and guarantees some growth. So if you're ready, get that that many of your- I'm gonna let's get after it. So this first exercise is when I talked about a long time ago. Probably one of my first videos, but it still is the absolute best way to beat yourself down with the easy bar. And that's why it's so aptly named the tri-fucked up. Because it's death by volume. The exercise is to get progressively easier, but the pain gets progressively worse. So you go from French press to skull crusher to close grip bench by that point, they're blown. With the French press, I think you're better off not locking it out or even getting close because then it turns into an awkward jerky movement. I think you're better to focus on that deep stretch and initial contraction. The way I like to do it is lean slightly forward during the negative and then contract up about halfway. Yeah, there's gonna be momentum on these, but there's so much volume. It doesn't matter. With the skull crusers, you got some options. Just depends on what you connect with the most. Either tuck those elbows in in a 90 degree angle, flex up with a short range of motion, or wrap that bar around your head, elbows at a 45, or even greater, flexing up just to enhance that range of motion a little more. And on the close grip bench, you're gonna wanna play around with your form as well. Test whether tucking those elbows in or flaring them out gives you a better connection. If I had to choose one cable exercise to completely ruin my triceps every time, it's this one. These are so hard. There's no way to fight back all the grotesque and horrible sounds you're gonna make. To the point that I'll just openly fart because it's more of an appealing sound than all the grunts that come out of my mouth. This is the one where you're gonna break the movement down in three parts and do 30 reps of each. So, parts are at the top, parts are at the bottom, and then full range of motion. And if you're sitting there thinking this is a stupid idea, you're right. My background isn't in conecology or biomechanics. I spent the majority of my youth chasing kids around the playground and doing WWE our finisher's on them. F. Notty. So I got really good in inflicting the most amount of pain in the shortest period of time. Before the teachers could catch me. And that's the thing, this isn't a smart man's game. You do what's hard, results come easy. I probably should wrap that up and let you know that I'm not a complete bully or so I didn't just go rogue and attack every single kid. I would just go back when there's a little more fun. Every boy at school during the entire year played King of the Hill and you had to fight every day to stay on top. That sounds fucked up too. And because we're going to make this as hard as possible, we're going to slow down the movement and hold that contraction for a second. Those got so bad I had to lighten away for the process of the bottom of the movement. And then during the falls, I just said screw it because there's so much blood in there. I just started to repen it out. So don't be surprised if it kicks your ass into getting lighter or just change in the form just to get it done. All that's bring back the stopwatch because last time was horrible. We're going to do close grip push ups and if you risk can't handle it, just grab dumbbells. And the idea here is to push to failure once you fail, don't go to your knees. Just pop yourself back up and do parcels at the top. Once you fail there, then go to your knees and if you can't do full or parcels on your knees, just hold yourself up. And the big thing I want you to focus on is keeping those hips as close as you can to the floor to put all that pressure on your triceps. Well, that's it. I'm going to finish your workout by bouncing your face out the floor a few times. If you missed a video where I blew up my biceps the same way, here's a link to that. Also if you need more of that lateral head and horse you're in your triceps, a link to that. Only as always subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.