Today we're going over Tricep specifically. My thoughts on lock it out different exercises. As well as problems and mistakes, I see a lot of people have and remember, if you have a totally different way of doing things and that's working for you, great. This is just my experience. That means it's 100% fact, so go to that. Are you sure? Are you sure? With the big questions, should you lock out your triceps? And for me, other than the rare exceptions on certain exercises, it is a resounding no. And I know I'm going to get people in the comments, hop in and cite some case study that says, you get more connection by fully locking out the tricep. But here's the thing. As I've gotten older, I've sort of questioned everything. Like these case studies, who's involved, who's in charge? I mean, think about all the people that go to your gym, even specifically think about the trainers. How many of those trainers teach phenomenal form? In of those, how many are not just good educators. They're also good practitioners, meaning they get the results to try and teach other people to get. If there is a few, they're the exception. They're not the standard. Our enemies, Benstibs to illustrate this. So what I want you to do is do a set of full reps. All the way down, all the way up, lock it out, push it to failure. Take some rest, come back, do three quarter reps. All the way down, three quarters of the way up, push it to failure. See how you feel. Everybody I've done this on, the amount of muscular pain they get from those three quarter reps compared to the full is not even close. And I know that's not the best judge of whether or not you're going to get results, but in my experience, the more often you can inflict that much muscular pain to a point where your body says, please stop, the more growth you're going to get. All right, let's go through some of the common stakes. I see people make, and on extension style movements, it's not driving through the right path. An easy analogy just to relate it to is not thinking of their elbow as a hinge. And I get it because this looks cool. But driving away on that same path is going to get less engagement on that tricep than actually using your elbow as a hinge and flexing over top of it because, yeah, you're going to start the contraction the same way. You're going to be flexing away. But after a certain point, about halfway a little bit further, it's going to change direction. You're going to pull back in towards your body. And the key word is pull, because you're actually going to feel like you're pulling back in. That's going to get more engagement. It's going to get more growth. I know that your show I see is with school crushers. A lot of people like to take that 90 degree angle with their elbow, but the issue with that is the top portion of the movement ends up being the easiest part of the contraction. A couple of ways you can fix that. The first being moving that elbow back, even just slightly will change how hard this movement is. So before when you're coming up and the easiest part of the contraction is the top and you really lose some of that force from gravity. Now with that slight move back, you can see the finishing part of the contraction is actually the hardest part. Or if you're an extremist, you can put your arm correctly straight up, almost parallel to the bench. And this is one of those rare moments where locking out actually is the benefit. Now for somebody who's shoulder suck and even just slightly moving those elbows back, causes pain discomfort. And you can't even connect with those triceps. Don't worry I got you. One thing I've noticed from working with people who have this issue is if you put them on a slight incline, put less stress on their shoulder, be able to push that elbow back, even just slightly further, to really take advantage of the increase intensity at the top of the contraction. All right, so this next one's for the person who keeps a wrist flexed up the entire time. You know what I'm gonna go down that road, bra. I'm just gonna apologize in advance. A lot of my youth was spent with dog the bounty hunter, Marathons, Hansolowing costume. And I've said this before, you're gonna flex that wrist down into the concentric part of the movement and then back up towards you during the East Centric. And all that is is a physical trigger based on how you flex that forearm that tells that tricep, it's time to work. As always, like subscribe to the notification bell, quick question. I found this one spot, it's got a lot of potential to be a great gym filming studio and I'm gonna deck it out with one line of equipment. So do me a favor, leave a comment below with your favorite line of gym equipment. And as always, get after Gekro and Dr. Yusuf.