All right, today we're hitting triceps, just like we hit biceps. So the goal, we're going to crush them and do some fair amount of GI stress, call it a day. Also, if you're still stuck playing the at home version of the gym, don't stress because a lot of these principles still apply. So really, there's no excuse for not making progress. So whether you're in the backyard, colonel some crappy old dumbbells, or you're just going to time yourself, run around the house, swing your wife, ping, ping. All right, so we're starting over something I showed in the past, but just in case you forgot because that just happens to me all the time. There are fellas once a week, I'll add in an exercise that haven't done the while and wonder why the hell I stopped doing it. That's what this is. But the important thing is it checks the box in two different ways. First being, it's incredibly intense, it's hard, it sucks. The second thing is, it gradually warms up those elbows. So what we're doing is taking the variation of 21s and bringing them to the rope extension, but because we're demented, we're going to up the reps. So instead of that traditional 7 at the top, 7 at the bottom and 7 foals, we're going 20, 20, 20, but wait, there's more. I feel like that doesn't do justice to the late, coked out, Billy Mays. I forget what I first saw to this, but I instantly loved it because there's a hint of looking like an asshole mixed in with the pain it causes. So what you're going to do is in between your short rest periods and you keep those arms above your head the entire time and it's going to suck. And part of the fun of this, obviously it works, but more so it's a social experiment because you'll see people that gym give you a dirty looks and that same asshole that gave you a dirty look and the next time you go to the gym, you can be doing the same thing you just did. So to me, dips off the bench are incredibly underrated, especially the way I'm sure you had a dome. And in a way, I like to integrate them is through a super set. And instead of letting you pick whether you're going to start with them or finish with them because we don't know your horrible decision maker, feel free to comment with the dumbest thing you've ever done. What I want you to do, which also make it more intense is do them continuously. So there's no rest between each exercise until all your sets are done. So the way we're going to do the dips is by leaning forward during the negative and then arching back and up during the positive. Just think about as flexing over top of that elbow, but with dips. So as you go down, lean into it and as you come up, lean back, flex and then stop, sure, locking it out. And then we're a super set of skull crushers, but keep those elbows at that 45 degree angle and really get that wrist involved. Alright, next up we got French press with a straight bar and we're going to do drop sets. The way I like to do these is on a flat bench with nothing supporting my back. And that isn't because I'm trying to simultaneously work my core, although it's important not to be dysfunctional human being. But what it's really about is when I'm leaning back against something, I catch myself as I'm trying to go into that negative. I lean back with it as if I'm going to stretch even further. And I've seen a lot of people do this too. What we should be doing is actually leaning against it and pushing that stretch more. So nice part about these is if you get your rhythm down, right? You can actually work against it and really push that stretch more by leaning forward as you go into that negative. Alright, so we're finishing off with the hybrid tricep push-up extension off the bench. Nice part about these is you could do these anywhere. So feel free to bust them out at Costco and embarrass your entire family. And the way I'm going to do them is one long, disgusting set. So I'm trying to get 50 reps. I won't get there. When I fail, it's 2D breaths back at it. Alright, like subscribe in the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.