All right, today we're going to re exactly what I would do if I just started working out the ultimate beginner's guide really it's if I could go back in time and talk to my younger Dumber self. Let's get after it. Well, first things first I have to sit myself down and have the patience talk. Hey, there, little buddy. I know what you're thinking. Pull seasons right around the corner or maybe you got to date this weekend and woman may or may not touch your penis and you're worried. She's got to navigate past your chubby little stomach and she could get distracted and up finger banging your belly button for a half hour instead, but just know if you want to make a lasting change and make working on a part of your life, you got to be consistent and you got to have patience. Which is a hard thing to hear, especially when you're first starting out because you know no matter how you train those first four to six weeks or mostly near a must-go-to-add adaptation. So your strength's in and goes through the roof, but in terms of muscle mass, dismal gains. But you still got to take those progress pictures and then look at them and say, my life, but know that you're on the right track and everybody has to go through it and you're actually making progress. And another thing I try to hammer into my younger, dumb or self is that when it comes to putting on muscle, the goal is not to win it all cost and I'm sure you've done this yourself. At least, seeing somebody do this because when somebody's new to the gym, they're not all outwore with every single rep because they think growth lies at the top of each contraction. So they'll bounce the weight off their d***, they'll dry, help it up. They'll do whatever it takes you's every other muscle, but the one they're trying to actually hit to get the job done. But in reality, you're just flexing that muscle against resistance, whether you're holding weight or working against a machine, it doesn't matter to the same thing. You're just contracting that muscle. I can't tell you how many years I wasted trying to move weight instead of focusing on the contraction. The day you figure out how to stay in the moment and let that muscle you're trying to hit fail is the day you're going to start making some serious progress. Another thing I do is teach myself how to be efficient. Well, this we spent three hours in the gym, we hit everybody part twice and the only reason we'd leave is because our blood sugar would drop. As you get older, you realize you get the same amount of results in half the time. If I had to recommend a split for myself, I would just say do whatever you enjoy because there's even splits now that I wouldn't be consistent with. Like a three-day split, those workouts end up being so long, one day's a chest shoulder triceps. By the time you get to triceps, you're like, f*** you. But I will say it's important for new training to give this much time as possible with each individual muscle because let's say you start with a push pull leg through team. You might only have one movement that entire week that exclusively targets those lats. And for most people, that's the top muscle we can act with. So it could take you four or five weeks before you figure out how to fire those lats. But let's say instead, you just took one day and hit your lats from every single different angle every moment you can think of. I guarantee by the end of that day, you know how to engage those lats. And I've seen some people recommend start with five by five. But to me, that's crazy because you'll probably die. Your home is going to be a complete shift because even now, it would take everything in me not to screw up that form because if you're going to fail at five reps, you have to move some serious weight. And when you're brand new, it would probably break you. So it's done with the higher rep range 15 20 reps. If you're going to fire that muscle and if you want to move onto something else, you can. But at least at that point, you'll understand how to contract each individual muscle. And then you can go from there. Another thing I tell myself is don't focus on your strengths, bring up your weaknesses because everybody's going to have one or two body parts that outpaste the rest. And they're going to whisper in your ear. Hey, hey, I know it's like day, but let's train arms again. Any experience left or we'll tell you, they rather have a perfectly symmetrical physique that's a little bit smaller than having one or two freakish body parts because it might sound good, but you're looking like an asshole. I never forget I got a job at a bar when I was younger and I saw the bar 10 or was jacked. I remember looking at him going same saying getting all excited and telling the end of his shift, he walked out from behind the bar. I couldn't even hold it back. I just said, what the fuck is it like he's looking like two little baby. And if the conversation turned into nutrition, I would just slap myself because I was the Michael Scott of carb loading. And that's not even the joke. One time I went to Olive Garden before I worked out and got the neverending possum breadsticks. I've never had more of a painful pump after one set and then violently ship for two hours in my life. If I had to simplify macros for my younger self, I would say focus on hitting your protein needs for the day and then adjust your other macros based upon what you actually need. Now with that little fatty deep down inside wants. And if you want a nice little reminder that you can leave on the home screen in your phone and it'll keep you in check just right down, you're always better than you think you are. So as a beginner no matter what you do, you're definitely going to make some mistakes. But if you have patience, you find a routine you love you can be consistent with, and you really focus on connecting with the muscle and you don't bullshit yourself, you're going to make some serious progress. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the program, I'll link it below. It will definitely jump start that mine muscle connection. Also, if you haven't seen these two videos, I've watched those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.