Alright, today this video is just as much for you as it is for me because this is something I used to do in the past and kind of just fallen off. So let's call it what it is. This is an intervention. And since I've read some of the comments on the previous videos, it's pretty clear that most of you that have a history of substance abuse or some sort of excessive fornicating. So why not add another issue to your long list of character flaws? Let's get after it. So for a period of time when I was younger, I did DC training or dog crap training, which I didn't love. What I mean by that is I thought it sucked ass, which is unfortunate because it's a fun way to train. I've seen a lot of people get results from it, but my body just did not respond to it. But there is one principle that I thought is incredible that I took away from it and that's extreme stretching. And before you say what I click on this, I don't want to watch a video on stretching. I'm going to go back to masturbating, pause that tug and hear me out because if you do these correctly, not only can improve your posture and crease your flexibility, but it's also going to lead to more growth. And these are called extreme stretches for a reason. These are brutal. You're going to dread these more than any sick exercise that I can come up with. And this is where the intervention comes in because I'm sure you're just like me. I don't want to waste any time. I'm going to walk in the gym, destroy that muscle, and then amount. I want a small talk. I don't want to make any new friends and no. I don't want to sort of fight with you. Stop asking. But I promise if you start adding these in, you're going to see a jump in your results. And I'll show you three of my favorite at the end, but use whatever justification or analogy you need to to get yourself to start doing these like a flexible muscle is a big one. Or think of it as a way to put more stress on that muscle after you're done working out. Or my justification to start doing it again, which is basically I value my muscle connection over everything. You guys know that. That's why any moment, I'll bust out some weird random partial rep exercise because I connect with it more. But that only works because I can take that muscle through a full range of motion without any issues. There's no pain, there's no impingement. I'm not restricted by some weird muscle imbalance because if I was, that wouldn't be a partial rep, that just be shitty form. So I'm always constantly working at, or at least ensuring that I can go through a full range of motion and just choosing the part of it, I connect with most. The first one's a hanging stretch for your lads, but there's definitely a right way to do these because I've seen people just hop up and dangled there and just fight the pain until it looks like their shoulders about to explode. This isn't brave heart. Your lads should be engaged the entire time. If you get to the point, you feel like you're just hanging there, you've lost a stretch. Because to me, the best type of extreme stretch is one where that muscle slightly contracted and you're just fighting the stretch at the entire time. For this, I like to use straps because I don't want to think about my grip, but also why not make it a little bit more dangerous. And I usually use a dip belt to grab that dumbbell, but I messed up on a high one. Alright, next up, we got one of my favorite variations of the extreme chest stretch, which is simply just a press with moderately heavy weight. You're going to go down and hold the bottom, but the tweak I make is have my lower body hanging off the bottom of the bench. That way, it can change the angle and find that perfect stretch that's more chest and less anterior to tell. And this is a good time to note that you're not limited by certain stretches. If you have even a machine at your gym that you connect with more is a great stretch, do that instead. Alright, last but not least, my favorite quad stretch, which is absolutely the most painful, and there is no weight involved. This is just a horribly painful stretch at a weird angle, and it's not for everybody's knees. You might not be able to do it, but if you can, I guarantee I'll get some sort of hate mail from this one. Key here is not to focus on how high the bar is. You might want it a little bit higher, lower, just find what works the best for you, and either going to want to weigh it down like this or use a Smith machine to a little bit safer. If you liked that video, I suggest watching these two next, but most importantly, hit subscribe, make sure you hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.