Have you ever wondered what ingredients in these over the top pre-workout formulas actually improve performance and which ones are wildly underdosed? Yeah, me too. And the more I looked into it, it's pretty clear that companies just throw as much crap into a tub as possible and then other companies say, oh, we better throw more crap into our tub, it gives a real human centipede vibe. One shits and the other one eats and then another one shits and eat. This question will help highlight the problem with every single one of those supplements. How much protein should you take in during the day? Your answer should be it depends on your body weight. And the research backing the effectiveness of each one of these ingredients is all based on body weight. So that means one or two scoops have to cover a 120 pound high school kid all the way up to a 240-ish husky meat. It doesn't work. On top of the fact that I think some of these companies are just sneaky bastards with their proprietary blends or hoping that you won't know the difference between a citroline and a citroline malate which we'll get into later. So let's break this down by category and start off by talking about stimulants. And I know everybody can't take a stem-based pre-workout. Myself included sometimes I train later in the day which sucks because out of everything we talk about today, these are responsible for the most significant improvements in performance. They're good. At this point, the FDA is taking some of the more unique stimulants off the market. The ones I would categorize as meth light. So unless you're going to Walgreens for your asthma medication, you're not going to find a federal anymore. Or you're willing to go on eBay and pay a small fortune for an old bottle of Jack 3D. You're not going to find a supplement with DMAA and it anymore. What are you doing? No. Shouldn't. All right, I'll take two scoops. All jokes aside, even though I have a soft spot for some of those hardcore ingredients because I grew up taking them, there's little evidence to back them up. A federal, for example, has been shown to have some benefit when paired with caffeine, but also significantly more adverse effects. Now, effective is caffeine. The research shows that it can improve muscular endurance by 6% to 7% and strength anywhere from 2 to 7%. And if that doesn't sound significant to you, that's because you bench 135. So if you increase your strength by 5%, that's only a little over 6 pounds. If you benched like an adult and you did 315, that's over 15 pounds. That's cool. This is where we get into the biggest issue with every single ingredient we're going to talk about today, which is a general dose versus the research backed guidelines. All the research points to the Ergo Genic Benefits, Fancy Weir of Saying Enhanceous Physical Performance of Caffeine, happen anywhere from 3 to 6 milligrams per kilogram. Or the way that everybody watches this video will understand it, 1.36 to 2.72 milligrams per pound. Here's a study on resistance-trained rods who were habitual caffeine users. And in spite of their high daily intake, acute doses of 3 milligrams per kilogram and 6 milligrams per kilogram all showed significant improvements in strength. That was just a highlight the fact that even a few abused caffeine on a daily basis when you take it pre-work out, it will have a positive effect. But also in that study, the higher dose led to more significant improvement in strength. So there is a dose response effect. I think the easiest way to understand caffeine is the bell curve you experience when you take it, starting out with a low dose, there is no effect. And then you see some improvement. And then there is a drastic change and then oh my god, my heart's going to explode and I ship myself. I was trying to come up with a simple and practical way for everybody to figure out their optimal dose of caffeine. I don't know, you add an eighth of a scoop of whatever pre-work out you're taking. The problem is some of these have proprietary blends. So who the fuck knows how much caffeine we're getting? On top of that, when they do list the dose, can we trust that these companies are actually putting that amount in there? Needless to say, I'm a little suspicious. So I tested a few. All of them passed the FDA requirements for accuracy on their label claims, which is a whole different conversation because they allow a 20% variance. But it did make me realize that if I'm going to incrementally increase my caffeine to find that optimal dose, it should be with a single ingredient caffeine supplement, not one of the other assholes over there. You're going to find that there are several different types of caffeine. Everything from natural to synthetic to ones that are bound to other molecules or patented versions that help slow the release. Which why would I want that? Why would I want to feel this three hours from now? What I've been doing, not a recommendation every few days, increasing the dose. I've been using caffeine and hydros, just means devoid of water, pure, simple effective fast acting. Currently I'm up to 420 milligrams, which isn't actually a lot. When you look at the recommendations based upon my weight, that is a lot. I should note that there are some people with the CYP1A2 genome type that when they ingest caffeine, not only with their performance, not improve, it will actually decline. The simple way to figure out if you're one of those rare unlucky bastards is if every time you drink coffee, you feel worse. If you want to be certain, you can buy one of these tests. One interesting ingredient I found in a lot of these pre-workouts was Theo Broming. Now by itself, it's trash. But when paired with caffeine, could have some benefits because it promotes phasodilation and we know caffeine can increase blood pressure as well as in high doses steal your pump. So it has some potential. But again, there's a downside. The higher doses can lead to negative effects on mood, which I don't need. I already don't like me. So I don't have a definitive statement on this yet. All I know is that the dose that they put in a lot of pre-workouts isn't an effective dose. So yeah, I'll let you know. The next set of ingredients we're going to talk about fall into the pump category. The primary ingredient you're going to find in most formulas is citrally. Back in the day, companies would use Arginine, tell the realized that 40 to 60% was metabolized in the gut. You had to take such a high dose to have any effect whatsoever, but that also pulled in water and electrolytes in your gut, which led you to play battleships for the next hour and a half instead of working out. Those were the days. The neat thing about citrally is it's a direct precursor to Arginine and there's very little degradation caused by the gut or the liver. So it's a great ingredient. But the question is how much are these companies fucking us? Sound for sure. Lucky for us, there's a study that looked at taking two, five, ten or fifteen grams of citrally. And the authors concluded 10 grams is probably appropriate dose because at 15 grams that the synthesis from citrally into Arginine wasn't proportional to those lower doses. So they think there might be a ceiling in terms of our bodies ability to convert. I did that. So many times I can't move. Here's where the butt comes in. Even though there was diminishing returns when you pushed above 10 grams, there's still ended up being more Arginine. On top of that, if you do the reverse math on these participants, they were all 150 pound child size men. So I've been adding 15 grams to my caffeine. And I'm going to continue to go up and tell something bad happens. I think the biggest aha moment I've been having with all of this is you realize there's only a few ingredients that make a difference. And most of them are underdosed. So when you remedy that with a few more ingredients I'll go over in a second, it's so much better than anything you could buy off a shelf. You just have to be really OCD and weird and take the time. But it's worth it. The last important point on citrline because I do think there is some fuckery going on in the industry. If you see sit mal or citrline malade, that is citrline bonded with malic acid. There are some benefits to malic acid. We're not going to get into that now. But if you wanted it in your formula, just put it in separately. I think Derek does this good job even though there's a couple of things that would change in his formula beside the point. The issue is it's either in a 2-1 or 1-1 ratio. The way this woke AF is a 2-1 ratio. And this broken arrow just says citrline malade so it's probably 1-1. That means if it's a 2-1 ratio, if there are 6 grams in there, that's 4 grams of citrline, 2 grams of malic acid. If it's 1-1, it's 3 grams, 3 grams. More of the story flip around your pre-workout. If it says citrline malade, that's the equivalent of your stepdad saying that you did great in tea ball today and then going upstairs and railing your mob. You're not getting that much citrline. The noss nitric oxide synthase pathway isn't the only way to increase nitric oxide. Your body can also take nitrates, convert them into nitrites and further reduce them into nitric oxide. There's a lot of work for a stupid shock. Beats like those beats are naturally high in nitrates. That's why you'll see a shitload of beetroot powder at your local supplement shop. And if you're wondering, yes, I've tried pairing beetroot with sodium bicarbonate and for one, it's the idea is the beetroot powder increases and I'll while the sodium bicarbonate mitigates acid build up. The bulk of the research points to more endurance benefits more than anything and when I took it, the only thing I noticed is I boop. The entire time. Also another problem with beetroot supplements is there's no way to know the amount of nitrates in there because that's dependent on everything from soil to variety of beats to harvesting time to et cetera, et cetera. That's why you see the patent ingredient NL3T pop up and all sorts of supplements nowadays and we should probably take a second to talk about patent ingredients because they kind of suck. Basically what happened, somebody came along and said, if you tried to pair any nitrate with a amino acid or really any other nutrient whatsoever, we're going to sue you. That's why you see patent informs of be-tang, creatine, and arginine nitrate. I just think it's crazy that you could put up a shitty website and then license charge these companies to use your ingredient. The problem is even if there's a company out there with good intentions and want to put the best ingredients in their product, not saying this is one of them because it's not. But if they did, there's so many patent ingredients that it just ends up costing too much. Of course, I tested it. I found a product with be-tain nitrate in there and happened to be actually a beetroot product that didn't taste like all the acids and unfortunately very little. You're going to see more of a benefit from increasing citrally than you will adding this. The good thing is it let me down the path to test be-tain and hydrists, which I'm here for it is neat. I'm currently testing the threshold of higher and higher doses above the five grams that most people put in it. I'll let you know if something bad happens, which more than likely would be in the form of a short where I'm stuck on the shitter of the entire time, but that's all I can do. Another underdosed ingredient and the reason I started down this rabbit hole because my TikTok algorithm went from ladies flashing you and had to stop at the right second to see a nipple of two guy selling liquid pump products with the biggest selling point being glycerol. Let me be clear, I'm team glycerol. I like it, just not the way that most people take it. All the research behind it is really about how you can hyper hydrate pre-exercise or rehydrate post-exercise, but with doses that you can't even buy off the shelf. You'd end up drinking half a bottle of some of these products. Most of the studies that prove its effectiveness range from 0.5 grams per kilogram all the way up to 1 gram per kilogram or even more. I went full highs and burglow on this one, started out with the model stereotype, which is a bad idea because you have to take four times as much to get the same amount of glycerol as a hundred percent glycerol and you have to heat it up to actually get it to mix and if you could get too much it turns into paint and then I moved on to some of the more popular products that are easier to take and worked my way all the way up to a gram per kilogram, which for me is over a hundred grams. Don't try that. The day I took it, it was humid outside and I was a sweaty mess. It looked like I was melting. Everybody was creeped out, it was not a great experience. Pump? It wasn't saying. Don't do that. You can throw off your electrolyte balance. It's too much. The one thing I can recommend though is if you do have one of these products, make sure you're getting at least 25 to 30 milliliters per gram of glycerol. It's meant to hydrate, not just, it'll just take two pumps in your mouth and go work out. That's not. It should be 60 to 90 minutes before you work out. For me personally, the sweet spot has been 50 grams. Again, too much for most people. In terms of the nitrophics and some of these pre-workouts, yes, they are underdosed. They don't hit the actual effect of dose of the ingredient, but I have a tough time with this category. Personally, I've tried everything from high doses of different kinds of co-leaning to whoopersine A, nothing really doesn't. Still a little dead inside. The only real thing that I've found that narrows my focus during my workout and makes me feel anything at all is two milligrams of nicotine gum. Usually I like to end these videos with some sort of practical device you can go do and try and actually implement. This one's kind of tough because in a perfect world, I would create a box of all the things I've tried and deemed to be effective and make them in single ingredient form with the research behind it and show all the doses that are possible based upon your weight, but that's not something I can do right now if ever. So if I were you, the first thing I would do is look at my pre-workout and see how much caffeine is in there. And see if there's room to slowly incrementally increase the dose. Because that out of everything, we'll give you the most bang for your buck. If there's citrillion in there, which there probably is, I would look at the dose. And my weight and see, maybe I can add some more. And if your is OCD in board is made, take the time to buy the single ingredient form of the ingredients in your pre-workout and try them based upon your body weight dose and you'll be surprised, it's way more effective. I think I'm down to five ingredients in my pre-workout. Once a electrolyte packet, so that's a shit load of ingredients, but you get the point. All at a higher than average dose, obviously. And if you didn't know, I've released an upper and lower garage version limited equipment. And if you have a band squat rack, dumbbells, you can do it at home. Otherwise, I have a full gym version. You can hurt yourself in public. As always, only 20 bucks, so get after it.