Today is the day. I'm gonna tell you about that one time I almost died from masturbating. And if you're wondering what the hell this has to do with working out building muscle any of that? Just wait. Let me take you back. I was roughly nine years old when I figured out the mechanics of my penis before that point it was just a pissing joystick. So one weekend my parents flew me out to the beautiful land of Albuquerque to visit my 35 year old single ant who was addicted to painkillers and gambling. I mean the picture of her apartment a little bit so you know what we're dealing with. Have you ever seen that Z gallery store in them all? Where everything shiny and I'm not sure it looks like that store threw up everywhere and then she sprinkled a bunch of us magazines. Like in her bathroom was a tub like I've never seen before. For one it was clean. I grew up in a house where all the walls were painted yellow by marble reds and when you got into the shower even if you stood still there was so much grime and film that you would just rotate in place. Not only that it was fucking massive. I took one look at that tub and I knew today was the day. I was going to finally jerk off underwater. So then I proceeded to do what I thought was the adult thing to do and set the mood. Fancy it up a little bit and hopefully ease that cloud of shame that would surely follow what I was about to do to myself by pouring in some bath salts putting in some bubble baths. sprinkling in those weird little beads even at that age. I was no idiot. I knew I couldn't leave that bathroom smelling worse than I came in so I started out by washing my armpits, my ass, my feet. But I should have taken the fact that the bubbles had now turned into black clouds and the water had turned milky. Maybe that's a sign that I should turn back. But at this point in my life I was feeling pretty damn invincible. It was only a week prior that I realized I could stand on the top step, gracefully shouldn't in my hand and throw it over the fence so I didn't have to get out of the pool. I was on top of the world. And after 10 minutes of being crunched over, profusely sweating, I fucking did it. And it was underwhelming. So I just pushed it to the side and finished washing my hair and forgot about it. It wasn't until three days later. I came home from school with a horrible pain in my right side until I thought, maybe that idea, not my best. Next thing I know, I woke up in the hospital so high that I thought having a testicle, the size of a softball was a good thing. And I'm not exaggerating. It was so big that I had to wear a fucking sling around my neck to go around and cut my ball so when I stood up, it didn't rip off. At one point I was so out of it, the nurse was walking me around and I saw another guy and I said, hey, where's your thing? He gave me a weird, so I turned to the nurse and said, oh my god, was he not one of the chosen ones? Like I inherited a fucking superpower. Thinking back, I feel so fucking bad for that nurse. She had to walk me around all day because for some reason being upright, walking around, getting my blood moving, helped kill that bacteria that somehow infiltrated up my dick hole. And I made her keep a schedule. We had to do the rounds every night so I can go room to room to show off my new power. Sit your chair up, bath, bath, sit your bed up. It's time for your five o'clock viewing. You're not going to want to miss it. It's even more glorious today. And that's the whole story. Eventually the drugs were off, the medication worked and I went back to being a powerless nine year old. There really is no moral to the story other than maybe like a PSA, make sure you watch your kids round water. What does that have to do with billing muscle and working out? Absolutely nothing, but the new programs out, so get after it.