So this is me and the reason that's significant is because that's not me at the tail end of a grueling workout that's the 59th rep of the first set of the very first exercise. That's what we're going over today. Let's get after it. So the reason sets of 100 or so vital it's not because of what they are, it's what they do for you. The reminder that you don't go to the gym to just feel good about yourself. You're going there to kick your own ass, fail repeatedly, humble yourself, and ultimately make progress. Kind of like how holidays are a good reminder that you're a really shitty person and you're horrible at planning ahead. And the biggest thing I found that holds people back in terms of their workouts is they stop training with the intensity needed to make progress. And I'm faced with this a lot in the gym because even against my best efforts, I still manage to make friends with people. And it's only a matter of time before one of them comes up and says, hey, my legs or my arms aren't growing like this should, what should I do? It's okay, just show me a set so I can see what you're doing. And then immediately I get this weird taste of orange slices and peanut butter crackers in my mouth and reminds me of nap time and kindergarten that, but for 12 reps. So the question becomes, what can I say to somebody that reinvigorates them or if somebody who's never trained with that intensity shows them the effort required to put on the muscle they want. And then from there they can figure out if the juice is worth the squeeze because in the past I've had people come in for a session go through the entire workout and then go, you know what, I'm okay with being fat. That was too much work, which I'm okay with. But you also can't just say, hey, crank up the intensity or push yourself harder because when you say that, they hear, put another plan on leg press and do 10 more quarter reps. Then I realize the best thing I can tell somebody is to a set of 100 or century sets but with a caveat. Other than the squats I showed in a previous video, you have to do with built-in drops. And there's going to be a person that says, well, that's not a true century set and you're getting lost in the weeds and you're an asshole. You're doing drops because it makes it harder and it prevents you from half-assing the set. And the rule is if you get more than 30 reps before you drop the weight, then you went too light. Or if you're going through the set and you realize that if you drop it again and it's going to be too light, just don't drop it or heck, even just add some weight back on. Remember, this is supposed to be a horrible experience. So my challenge to you is to come up with the hardest and craziest century sets you can think of. Tag me in it, I'll share in the pan together. I'll probably even throw it in the video and don't worry. I've got some dumb ideas to submit myself. So to answer the question, what happens after you do 100 reps? Well, it reminds you that that sweet feeling of accomplishment actually feels like back pee. It takes a little bit like vomit and smells like your own ass. But just worth it. So if you find you need a little extra push and you haven't checked out the 30-day program, I'll leave a link in the description. Also, if you haven't checked out that 100 squat challenge, here's a link to that video. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. They said you can tell a lot about someone's personality, based on the Carthy drive. Open buttole. That's beautiful. Close buttole. Now, close buttole.