Today, I want to break you through that plateau because when it comes to consistently building muscle or dropping body fat, it really comes down to four things and they work in conjunction. You get them right, you're golden, you mess up even one, you're screwing yourself. And as fun as that sounds, it's overrated. Let's get after it. So when I sit down with somebody who's trying to get that Instagram more of the body and just get all of the double taps and they just don't feel like they're getting the results they deserve, first thing I try to extract is how consistent they actually are because you can have a phenomenal diet and incredible training program. But if you're at home dryhump and the couch taking a bag of Doritos to the face, don't expect to change. May sound simple, but if you want to continually make progress, you've got to be consistent on your diet, training and everything in between. The inability to follow consistent diet and training program, usually stems from two things. For the beginner, in consistency comes from uncertainty. If you knew for a fact by following your plan, it'd just be a matter of time before you achieved the exact look you wanted, you would always hit the gym when you're supposed to. You never miss a meal, but that's not the way things work. The reality is you have to let your frustration go and disconnect because this is a game of trial and error. Once you find what works for you, you're going to make minor adjustments, really squeeze out every last little bit of results. My advice is to pretend like you're going to plan for somebody else and notice how easy it is to give them sound advice. Stop making excuses, train hard, stop eating like an asshole, and once you have a clear plan for them, take your own fucking advice. It'll work. For the person who's seen results in the past, somewhere along the way, your priorities got messed up and you said it was more important to do dirty things to bag of chips, then it was a consistently-severance. And it's funny how that always seems to coincide with someone being a happy, loving relationship. So, doing me a favor, and I, when you're sitting next to your husband or wife, want you to turn to him and say, honey, I love you. But you're fucked with me and give them no explanation whatsoever. It's understandable because it's complex and amazing, instruments are, we're pretty basic in our behaviors. You found your sex partner, so there's no need to peacock anymore. Basically, you just tuck it between your legs until she lets you use it again. And what I would say to that is how quickly you forget how good you used to feel, and how worth it is to make yourself a priority because remember, you didn't always have to roll your huskies out of bed. You used to be able to just sit up. I promise, if you start putting yourself first, even your relationship will get better because of it. The next thing I try to pull from people is, how's our diet? Because for me, that's what it's all about. Your diet is the captain of your chubby ass ship. And if you want to consistently get results, lock it down that diet is the key. Now before you say, I don't know what to eat or where to start, you remember that shitty volcano you made for a fifth grade science project? That's you. Your goal is to become the volcano that Timmy's dad made, who just so happens to make miniature fucking volcanoes for living. This is an experimental process. We need to build out a plan you think is going to work and do it consistently. After three to four days, check in on your progress and adjust. Now the key, though, is, makes you build a plan you can actually stick to. And the reason I don't say, hey, try x-dye, you're going to give results is because everybody's so different with training. I've never had some of you not grow from doing high reps, high volume and just destroying themselves. But with diet, there's certain diets that people will just not respond to because there's so many other things to consider. You're dealing with trying to maintain some of these blood sugar levels. You got their homeowner's response to the actual diet. And he actually have to give them a diet that are going to not screw up. If you want me to go over what I'm currently doing, I'll do another video because it's a bit out there. The next thing I want to understand is how hard some of these actually pushing themselves in the gym. And we touched upon this a little bit in the last video, which I'll link at the top and at the end of this video because there's a huge difference between just walking into the gym to check the box and going in there and intentionally trying to hurt yourself in a good way. A clear way to state this is when the last time you're training affected your day-to-day life. And I'm not just talking about legs either. Although one time after I train legs, it was in the grocery store walking and they just both gave out. And I'm not just talking about you can take a knee and pretend like your time or shoes. I'm talking about both them at the same time. Went straight back, fell in the ground, hit my head, a lady runs up. I sure are your okay to you need help. Very proudly. I did this to myself. I'm talking about for every single muscle group. So if you're trying to ask you to go play darts and you happen to train triceps that day, I'm going to pass because I don't want to put everybody else's life in danger. And I've heard a lot of people use to saying train harder than the last time. And I think that's good, but we can add some scarcity to it. And just say train, like it's your fucking last time. The last thing I try to uncover, sometimes the most important is how much they're bolstering themselves. And this is a easy one to figure out. Just ask them qualifying questions. Like what was your diet yesterday? And what do you think your body fat percentage is? And inevitably with men, it's always like, you know, I've been kind of getting off track last couple of weeks. I'm probably about 10 to 11%. And let's write before we set down. You went to Costco and stole every single one of their fucking muffins. I hate to break it to you. You're not 10%. The good news is though, it's easy to call it your own bullshit because you can't argue with facts where your screw yourself is not knowing exactly where you are. Now I know if you avoid these four things, you'll be able to consistently get results and stop assaulting your couch. Here's a link to that like video I talked about as well as none of my favorites. Make sure you subscribe and hit the notification bell. As always, let me know it video one next and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.