Everyone wants their abs as peeled as possible. And we all know they're made in the kitchen. But we can target those superficial layers so that even wore a little husky, they still show through. On top of that, up until recently, I would have taken a literal, on an isometric exercise like this one. But after entering my back, picking up my handicap dog, I completely changed the way I trained all my core muscles. I ended up going through all the major muscles of the core, everything from the QL to the so-as to the transversus of dominance. And I figured out the optimal progression from stupid exercises that you only really do when you're hurt to true ass kickers that allow us to strengthen the muscles that we often neglect. So today, not only are we going over how to get those aesthetically pleasing abs, but we're gonna also go over how to strengthen those core muscles so you never injure yourself again. Unless you break your neck, trying to blow yourself, but that, at least isn't worthy endeavor. Now, some people will argue that all your core really needs are compound exercises that require abdominal bracing while you're loading the spine. And this is something I personally bought into for a long time. But the problem is that only really covers the sagital plane. And most of the time, when you injure yourself to the point it feels like your spine's poking out like a turtle head, it's usually because you're reaching down twisting in the transverse plane, or you're lifting something up and slightly off in the frontal plane. On top of the fact that a lot of these muscles can be strengthened a lot faster just by programming exercises that actually target them. Also, if bracing was all you really needed, then all of the two AM violent talkable shifts you've taken over your life, but it made your back unbreakable by now. It has not. Maybe your old ring is, but not your. When it comes to training your rectus abdominis, the six pack, nothing beats dynamic, flexion, and extension movements, which have been proven safe for anyone without a pre-existing disc injury. Old, charnation, rupture, smushed. I'd also argue that even if you have any of those, and you wanna grow your rectus abdominis, your goal should be to build up to a point you can do movements of flexion with limited extension. Almost think of it like flexion, and then a controlled return from flexion. And I'm sure even here, Nat makes your butt whole pucker. But the important thing to understand is that, even though the discarnation is what ruined your life, long-term low back pain, and chronically re-injuring it is more related to decreases in cross-sectional area of one or both stabilizing muscles like the multifidus and loss of neuromuscular control. It's the reason that you could be doing fine, and then all of a sudden one day you sneeze and almost die. I never know what to do with my hands. So by regaining the CSA, neuromuscular control and strengthening those muscles, the herniation will still be there, but you'll be able to regain function and do things that you need to think possible. There are people that have gone from full herniation, can't move, hate their life to deadlifting again. Not saying that should be your goal, but it should give you some hope that way you don't just one day walk into traffic. Now the question is, can you target your upper versus your lower abs? Even though the rectus abdominis is just one long muscle with segmented muscle balance. The answer is probably, because they've seen this in a high level tennis players where they end up with more regional hip hurts feeding the distal end of their non-dominant side, which sounds weird, but when they serve, they stretch back, contract into it, it makes sense, and yes, f**k you, I'm left handed. So it makes sense to program an upper and lower abs, exercise. The rectus abdominis actually has a very limited range of motion. Most people don't realize this and opt for full setups, which actually target more external bleaks than anything else. So you missed. If we want to target the upper abs more, we need to keep the pelvis stationary and tilt the thorax more. We want to hit the lower abs, thorax stationary pelvis tilts. It looks like a real creep. That means an exercise like the cable crunch is a great option for targeting those upper abs, but not the way that most people do it. Like I said before, the rectus abdominis has a very limited range of motion. So when you see people crunch all the way down to the point they're staring at their own starfish, that means either brought in help from hip flexion, which now we're targeting lower abs as well, or their oblique. So what's actually happening is you're going from a dynamic contraction into an isometric hole. And again, isometrics aren't bad, but in terms of hypertrophy, dynamic contractions are always better. So instead of spending three quarters of the movement, just bracing short and range of motion and focus on slight flexion and extension. My favorite progression is a modified reverse setup, because as much as I love cable crunches, sometimes the stacks just suck, and you can do the entire thing for 30 reps. Which again, hypertrophy will happen at 30 reps, but why not find an exercise that kicks your ass so much you can barely get 10. For me, that's this one. The key here is to limit any pelvic movement, keeping those hips flexed at 90, driving the contraction and the flexion to happen right at those upper abs. Which makes it a lot safer for anybody that has a pre-existing lumbar injury, because I've seen people. Oh no. When it comes to lower abs, it really just depends on how screwed up you are, because if you're Mr. Glass, then you're going to want to stick to a seemingly boring and stupid exercise like toe touches. Tits! It allows you to maintain a connection with your back and the floor, so nothing bad happened. And, even if you're not injured, you do enough of them, it doesn't feel great. And, since our goal when targeting those lower abs is that dry-humping pelvis movement, the most optimal exercise is a back-supported hangancing leg raise. And the key here is to focus on exaggerating that posterior pelvic tilts. I'd also add control to negative, because now we're getting a more penetration movement for some people, so you might want to get your mom to sign your permission somewhat. Now let's get into some of the more neglected core muscles. One of those being the Iliossoa's group, which is made up of the soas and Iliakis. And problems with these can present themselves in several ways. Interior pelvic tilt is often linked to these muscles being chronically shortened. Or if you have trouble getting into a deep squat, these are the two hip lectures that have the largest hip flexion moment arm past 90 degrees. So if you feel like you put that bar in your back and you can't get down all the way unless you put two plates on there, this could be what? There's no real progression here. There's just one exercise that rules them all. It's as soas sit up where you position yourself on the edge of the bench throw your foot under heavy as dumbbell grab the opposite knee and slowly stretch further and further back. The deepest muscle that almost knock me out is the quadratus laborum, the QL. As I went to pick up Chuck, I was slightly tilted and it was awful. It's one that I'll never neglect again because it's actually very simple and easy to target. You can either start your workouts with an exercise like these butt walks blocking forward and backwards or the more advanced version on the hyper extension, where you split your stance and that lead leg is the one on your working side. Two quick notes. First, make sure all the movement isn't coming from your upper back. We're not training oblique, so I like to think about it as lengthening at the hip. The second thing is I want you to progress slowly. Try the U focus on getting more depth in a controlled manner with no weight, then try to overload this movement. Eventually you can work up to holding some weight, but we're not there yet. Speaking of obliques, I know a lot of people don't like to train them because they don't want to thicker weights. And the truth is, yeah, that's, that's going to happen. Even isometric holds, which happens showing to induce an insignificant amount of hip hurtsfe in the external obliques. Absolutely induce hip hurtsfe in a significant way in the internal oblique and transverses abdominis. So, too bad? My two cents. If you neglect or avoid those lateral abdominal muscles, it'll eventually lead to injury. They call them the core muscles for a reason, because they all depend on one another to function properly. So if one sucks, your life sucks. And honestly, I just don't give a shit. I'm going to get it as thick and strong as possible. A good beginner exercise is throwing something between your legs, squeezing the shit out of it, engaging your core. Raising those abdominals, lifting those shoulders slightly off the ground, and then taking turns reaching a little bit higher with each hand, creating a slight twist each time. The advanced progression for this one is really any twisting movement you want to pull out of your ass, because this bodybuilder is we never work in the transverse plane, so anything you do is going to be hard. My go-to is a little weird, but it'll make sense after you try it. You're going to grab the cable and cut the movement half. This will force you to control it, but also allow you to progressively overload and get stronger fast. As you twist, you're going to feel those lateral abdominal wall muscles working, but just as important, you're going to feel that multipitous on the opposite side engaged, and it will feel weird, awkward, violating, but good. Because it's a muscle that you probably have never trained. Here's the complete workout, sets, reps, there is no rest time, but abs are a little bit easier. If you can only get two reps, you probably shouldn't have gone yet. I should mention on the days I'm not training abs, I'll start the workout with two isometric exercises. The first one being banded burd dogs, just get enough tension on that band, or you have to contract everything from your transversal subdominus to your tank. The other one is my DIY Unsteady Bridge, which I just throw my heels in a TRX, and engage my core for 30 seconds at a time a few times. Both have been linked to decreasing low back pain. I don't currently have low back pain, but I just don't want it ever again. Never. And as always, all the programs are linked below. They're all only 20 bucks, so get after it, get grown.