Alright, today we're in my set. Now, if you feel like you get a plateau, you're not getting the results you want, could be that you're just training too heavy. It could also be that you just rest too long between sets, you're creeping on somebody in Instagram, or could be you doing the same workout, Dan and day out, and now while that does work, primary one into is after a while you start going through the motions and you end up half-hassing your workout. That's why every time I go to gym, I do something completely different every time. A few exercises that might be the same, but the way I perform them is completely different. So, today we're going to set up shop on the cables, go through some different stuff, maybe even throw a little forearms at the end. So, if you're ready, let's get out. First thing I'm going to do is steal some sweet old ladies' bench. All we're starting out with single arm cable preacher curls. Now, how does this compare to the dumbbell version? It really doesn't. This is a more effective way of doing it. You just be going to be that guy who's going to drag the bench all the way over here, and be obnoxious about it. Because you know the damn thing, he's going to squeak the whole way. Although there's always somebody that comments on the arm video saying, there's no way you can grow from just cables alone, which to me is absurd. It's like they think their body's going to grab that handle, it's attached to a cable and say, nope, not growing from that. Even though because of that constant tension, it's easier to create a mind muscle connection, which to me is just a better way to train arms overall, but some people are idiots. Truly, your body only knows one thing. How much something sucks? And these suck more. So, I'm starting out with a regular single hand on attachment on here, but the one thing I like to do to make sure I keep that shoulder out of it is like to open up that chest, lean back against it. That way, it's all my bicep working and I can't rock back and forth with it. Now, because of how much I exaggerated opening up that chest and shoulder in the last exercise, I was able to put more stress on that short head. Now, we're to shift that stress over the long head and the break-yoss by switching over to a rope attachment. Now, because we're using the rope, you could put very low thawing in these, do a hammer curl, get the job done. But because of an intense hole, an intense, I get to really tell a supporting muscle to f off. I will. And in this case, is that short head. So, what we can do is actually turn into the movement. And it really recreates that same feel you get when you actually have a close grip easy bar, and you're just wrapping it out, and you're really pinching off that short head and hitting that long hand, the break-yoss. We're doing that same thing here, lean into the bench, and it really just isolates and hits it that much more. All right, next up we're going to classic one of my favorites for pushing an unbearable amount of blood in this bicep, which is lying back in the bench, and using an easy bar attachment. Now, just sure you know, you can do these on the CD cable row. You can also do these landly ground, but that one's a little bit sketchy to me, because although I've been in the gym for years, and I've never seen something get tee bagged, I don't want to be the first. A couple of things in here, first, you want to tuck those elbows in and keep them on top of your stomach. That way, it turns your body into a giant arm blaster, and then from there, it's just tucking that chin in and driving that lower back into the pad, because if you don't do that, there's too much of a stress and puts that bicep in a compromised position, because you're stretching too far forward when you go all the way down. So, you tuck a little bit forward, it turns around your motion a little bit, keeps the little bit safer, and then you just rep it out. Alright, let's finish up by hitting those forearms. Now, my experience to respond best to a relentless attack. So, I'm going to set up a superset, or I'm going to jump back and forth between exercises that hit the extensor and flex your muscles. So, as always, like subscribing to the notification bell, leave a comment for the video on next, and get after you get grown. Talk to you soon.