I'm a firm believer that everybody should lift weights. Not just do something active every day, like take a walk or find some physical activity you like. No, everyone needs to lift some damn weight because it'll change your life. Here's the problem. For years, every time somebody was struggling to get their dumpster fire of a body back on track would come up and ask me, you know, what should I do? I'd always give an answer along the lines of, well, there's a lot of different versions and variations of fitness out there. Just try them all. See what you gravitate towards and do that every day. Knowing full well that that's not the right answer and it's not gonna help them change your life because all those other forms of exercise, they fall short. You see, lifting physical weight gives the ability of face adversity and succeed on a daily basis. You get to test what you think is possible and ultimately come to the realization that you're always capable of more. Yeah. Yeah. If any idea how rare those opportunities are for somebody that doesn't lift, they're few and far between. Maybe in high school, they study really hard one night. Got to A on a test. Then five years later, with some liquid curses, they asked to eight and a half for a number and they got it. Then 10 years down the road, they worked really hard. Got a raise at their job. That's it. Three times. Yeah. And even more important than that, it teaches you how to fail. If there's one invaluable skill that I didn't have before that lifting really helped me cultivate and develop, it's letting go of that fear of failure and actually welcoming it. But what you come to realize is that the gym is just a beautiful little encapsulation of life and just like life, the more you want to face crushing defeats, the more you're going to grow. But make no mistake about it. Failure sucks. It is the sludger and slightly heavier friend of doubt. And if you let it, it'll keep you from reaching your goals. But if you learn to live with it and live with it, it's the ultimate teacher. And that's why never understood when people question pushing sets to failure because how is can you ensure you're not half-assing those sets? And even more than that, I think it's critical to face failure on a daily basis because it disarms it. My favorite quote is an undisciplined life isn't in the same life. And the only way to live to effectively and not just picture it up and put it down, but actually use those weights to mold and scope your body as it transforms is to live a disgustingly structured life. And this is the part you're going to face the most scrutiny and people will turn on you. They're going to say things like, it's not sustainable in live life like that or it's not healthy to be that obsessed with one thing. The moment that happens, I want you to take a step back and look at their life. Not just the way they look, the physical appearance, because I guarantee they look like a fucking potato, you know, everything. They're finances, their relationships, just their overall happiness and ask yourself, what I want their life. Now look back in history, people have achieved amazing things. That was one thing in common. They lived incredibly structured and obsessive lives. Because you could stumble upon an average life, but you've got to eliminate a lot of bullshit and have a very detailed plan to have a great one. Lifting forces at skill on you. And I know that people that watch this channel are a different breed. So if you haven't, somebody come up and ask you how to unfuck their life, don't worry, you will. Just do me a favor. Let's start telling them the truth. They need to lift some damn weights. And before they give you an excuse, like, you know, I don't like working out of the gym, stop them right there and say, I don't care if you don't like it. In fact, if you do it right, you're not going to. Programs linked below, get after it.