I think we're at that point in a relationship that we need to have the talk. At the birds in the bees, the last thing I need is for you to figure out to use that thing. We got enough people in my life that are popping out kids right now. Apparently when you tell people to stay home, you have to teach them how to use it. They'll poke around until they figure it out. I'm talking about a completely different conversation. I'm going to call it the muffin talk. So I'm sitting down thinking today, how do I package up the insights I've had about my own behavior in a way that you can then take and use to help further your journey? Because I love doing this. I say dirty things on camera, share a little knowledge, but at the end of the day, I know the level which I'm able to do this at is directly related to how many people I can help because here's the truth. We're in this together. And we all share the same struggles. I'd love to tell you that being on camera every week, and knowing a bunch of wonderful people with very judge-y eyes, you're going to see me. It's going to help me make better decisions or that don't just taste as good anymore, but that's not the truth. And in fact, in some weird sick way, it actually tastes better. But anybody who's spent years working on transform their body knows that this process ever flows. Sometimes it's easy. You can face every obstacle and it doesn't face you. You get people in your life die, your spouse can leave you. Something can walk up and offer you free cake and you just slap out of their hands, say, not today. But other times, you're looking for a reason to jump off your plan. Anything goes wrong in your day and you're out. If you fart wrong, then you start to get in your own head and think, how do I get it? Hold. That wasn't as loud and as vibrant as when I was young. I'm going to spend the rest of my night eating myself into a coma. So what's the difference? Why is it that sometimes so easy? It's like breathing. You look back and think, God, why was I such a chubby mess? This is simple. And other times it seems insurmountable. You're sitting there thinking, just take my left foot now because I know eventually, I'm going to get the diabetes. The aha moment for me and the thing that's made the biggest difference recently is when I made it bigger than just myself. Specifically about this channel when I think, okay, a lot of people will watch this. Just want to get big. But there's a huge group of people that don't watch this channel that just want to be ripped. So why not take care of both? Just be as big as ripped as possible. So I got the Husky part figured out. I can get big where a medium Husky sure all the time. Now work on getting leaner. It's not about myself anymore. When I'm doing it for other people, it's easy. And you can absolutely use this thought process in your life, whether it's your kids, your spouse, or maybe your single and you're looking for the love of your life and that's your motivation or the love of your life just left you and you want revenge. Perfectly acceptable. What you can't do is use yourself as motivation and say, I'm just doing this for me because I want to feel good because that same person that you is going to be the one whispering you later at night saying, hey, I'm hungry. Let's go to Taco Bell. Then here's the most amazing part. Once you're figured out your reason, the major decision, it's pretty much done. Then all you have to do is prove it to yourself over 24 hours. Yeah, true habit takes 60 days to ingrain, but in my experience, if you can figure out a routine over those 24 hours, you actually enjoy and you take it day by day, your golden. For instance, I'm sure you've had someone in your life that had a horrible bad habit that could never kick it, like smoking until one day they just stopped and they never turned back. Whether it was their kid that came up to him and said, Dad, I don't want you to die and they thought, I got to quit today's my last day. Or the opposite, as their kids were growing up, they thought, holy shit, they're little pricks. And when I get older, if I break a hip, I'm going to write into a home. So I got to clean up my act. And I know I've said this before, but for anybody who hasn't been able to get back on the right track, the best advice I can give is build your plan with limitations, whether they're actual or self-imposed, it doesn't matter. It'll work. And I actually don't know if I've shared this before. So I'll leave a link in the description to a TED talk that makes you realize that our drive and creativity is directly related to how limited we are. And that concludes our muffin talk. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you watch these two next, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after it get growing. Talk to you soon.