Alright, today's an important day. When you go from a wire legs on a grownup, at the end, I'm gonna take exactly how to fix it. Now, to make sure on the same page, though, it's not your genetics. It's not even the equipment you have access to. It's not even your training split. It comes down to one thing. You're not pushing yourself, aren't you? Now, before you defensive and say that's not the case, I love leg day. And that's a red flag right there. Let's take one you meet a woman and realize, wow, you got a lot of male friends. No one, absolutely no one should love leg day. And if you're gonna come back and say, you know what? I'm a little bit off, you know what I understand. I like the pain, save it. I was raised by alcoholic wolves, even I don't enjoy it. There's usually a subtle progression of pain during each set. When I start out, I got my game face on, I'm ready for war. But about halfway through, I got this uneasiness that takes over my face and I started to get this grimace where I look like I could have potentially shut myself. And by the end of it, I'm praying to sweet little baby Jesus. And let me make sure we're clear on exactly what it looks like to push yourself hard enough because it's not doing sets of 10. Anytime I catch myself half-hassing a workout, it's because I'm mistaking heaviness for hard work. And that's not the case. I know when I'm doing something heavy, it's easier. So it's a 10, I have no problem doing that. Said a 30, it's gonna fill my life up. How do I come up with another day and say, I just want bigger legs. I thought it's a weird way to start a conversation. But okay, what are you doing? And he said, well, I'm pushing myself hard enough. I'm doing everything else I do for every other body part. I just did three sets of 10 on leg extension, which we can argue the effectiveness of that and I love them. Most people hate them. Whatever. But when over there and saw him doing another set and he's gripping his heart, he's came with his hands. The way it's actually jumping over his legs, he's pulling down some heart, he's just throwing it up. Of course, he's not gonna get results with that. That's not what's hard. Stupid. The way to get him to realize that that's not an effective way to train legs is the same way I would take my new clients to their first leg day. I sit him down in a leg extension, very lightweight and I say, I'll go slow as you can, just flex it up. But you can't hold on, hold on to yourself. I don't care, but just don't hold on. And he's flexing it real slow and he just keep looking at me, looking for me to save them. And again, this my favorite saying, no one's coming for you. I would just let them slowly flex it up. And there's no number. We're not trying to hit a number. I'm just waiting for them to quit kind of see where they're at mentally because that's what it's gonna take. I can tell right there if you're gonna have big legs or not. Okay, great. You told me I suck now, tell me how to fix it. Because I like motivation content as much as an expert. But if this was my issue and I'm watching this and I just said train harder, it's like, give me a tell me exactly what to do. So I will. We should not gonna need this weight because it's about to get real ugly. So here's what you're gonna do. During your next leg day, warm however you have to do walking lunches. You're gonna train your partner, take turns kicking each other nuts, doesn't matter. But you have to start with this exercise. So through this marble on your back and know weight whatsoever, you're gonna do a hundred reps. You can't rack the weight. You can rest at any time you need to at the top, but you can't rack the weight. On the second set, you gotta go up. At least a little bit. One time I shared my buddy and you can see this set was just destroying him. And we're like okay, well, we know you gotta go up this next set. And we finally came to the conclusion that we'll just throw a couple clips on there because he's trashed already. And then we're gonna do one more set after that. So three sets totally gotta go up at least a little bit each time. So what's the point? Well, think about this way. That's probably the most intense thing you've done in last month, maybe year for some people ever. And that's just how your leg day starts. It shouldn't give you the understanding that leg day's not just something you can do. It's something you survive. You can get it. So here's what I want you to do. If you do it, find me an Instagram tag me. I'll throw it in my story. The first couple of people that do, I'll make a shirt for you based upon my CD messed up personality. And I'll send that to you. And if you haven't trouble coming up with a leg day, it's gonna either make you vitally throw up or shit yourself. I'll link you to my favorites in the end of the video. So as always, like subscribe with the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video on next. And get after get growing. Talk to you soon.