Alright, today we're going in-depth on training splits because honestly they all work. Unless you're making one of these mistakes, in that case, you're going to be that guy at the gym that shows up day in and day out, makes no progress. Basically, you're going to be the Richard Simmons of your local gym. So you might as well start dressing like them and taking all the weeners to the face. And that escalated quickly. Now a lot of it comes down to personal preference. What gets you excited about going to the gym keeps you engaged while you're there and most importantly, keeps you consistent because that's where most people fall in their little circle faces is the one you should choose. But of the three training splits we're going to talk about today, there are some definite benefits and downsides to each. And you guys know I'm a huge advocate for bros splits, but more than likely the next program I come out with will be a ppall split. It's a great way to train. It's a lot of fun. So a lot of fuckery. But you're going to be really methodical with your exercise selection or you can screw yourself. And as much as I hate to admit it, there's some real benefits to high frequency training. Kinda. So starting out with bros splits, obvious benefit is you can an entire day dedicated to destroy each body parts. So if you can't cause enough metabolic stress or put enough tension on the muscle really tear up those fibers, your lost cause. But the downside is you're only training each body part once a week. So unless you properly kick your own ass, you're going to be sitting there waiting to train that muscle again. And the one thing you have to avoid that's going to hold you back from getting any real results is the same thing that makes this such a beneficial split. And that's even though you have an entire day dedicated to one body part, you can't get lazy and fill it with bullshit exercises. The only thing I'm going to create it to is one year for Christmas. My parents gave me this big book full of toys and said circle whatever you want. That's the exact moment I became an asshole because I circled pretty much everything. Even some Barbies because J.I. Joe's Need Love in too. And I showed up at school the next day, pinky up, book in hand. And I was the worst. Tell my friends, apparently I'm rich now. So you can go fuck yourselves. And it turns out that my parents were just low-key assholes and they bought three of the cheapest things I circled. So the next year, I got a little bit smarter when handing me that book. I said, I don't need it because if you don't buy me that three foot tall red Ranger, I'm going to kill myself. And that's basically the same way you have to think about building out your workouts. Because even though you have an entire day dedicated to one body part, you can't fill it full of bullshit exercises. You can't hop on the step, middle during leg day and think, well, there's one exercise down or sit in front of the mirror and flex your tits for half hour and think, well, probably should just do a couple sets of chas and I'll be good. Unless you want to look like this forever. Alright, let's talk PPL split because there's a lot of benefits here. Maybe you're one of those people that are way too busy. Maybe you got a stressful job that demands too much of you or you can't venture too far from the house because you have kids at home, you have to water either way. You can still get your entire week done in a three day split. But the better way to do it is either a six day on one day off or my personal favorite, just running a three day on one day off continuously, you basically hit it everything twice a week. Technically you're not, but close enough. And the problem that most people run into is you have to be very thoughtful when you're setting up this training because you can't just walk into the gym and look to see what your machine is open. What the fuck is that? And what you can run into a problem is you have to be very thoughtful with your training. Most people are not. Now walk into the gym, see what machine is open, use that. Unless there's a woman on the ad dr machine, they're doing whatever exercises close to that. They'll stretch for 10 minutes and then get a bird's eye view to creep from as they're walking on the treadmill. That's their workout. But if you do take the time to lay it out, this is where it gets fun and you'll start seeing some serious results. Especially when you start alternating what you emphasize on each day. So for instance, that first leg day, if you make it more quad and glute based, the next time it comes around in four days, you can make it more hamstrings and calves. But it goes even deeper. On back day, you can make that first and more lap based and then the next time it comes around, more of those heavy movements, those dead, those T-bar rows, the things you hate the most. And if you wanted to become even more of a sociopath, you can start targeting specific heads. So that first bicep day you do, do more exercises that target that long head. Next time it comes around, short head. Same thing for triceps. Start with that lateral head. Next time hit that long head. And if you didn't have OCD before, good fucking lock. Now you're going to start touching everything three times and counting your breaths. And finally, high frequency training. And this I've kind of done because anytime I come back from an injury or have one side looks phenomenal on the other side, looks like a little piece of shit. What I'll do is I'll get really impatient. I'll disregard all reason and I'll piss directly in the wind and train that one side every single day. Doesn't make sense. Shouldn't work as well as it does. And maybe you notice through the language I use or maybe you're a moderator and one of those A-well chat rooms, I got kicked out of when I was a kid, but I'm not the most religious person. So to me, like days, the closest thing I get to a religious experience. So I don't love the idea of training full body five days a week and losing that. But the trap you're going to inevitably fall into is you're going to start half-ass in your workouts because with that much frequency, you're losing one of my favorite indicators that you're making progress and that's soreness. And I know the fourth year on the comments is going to soreness does not equal growth. But with that style of split, what else can you use? Because you're not going to be making strength, gain, training full body every single day. So you just make sure you don't get in the habit of thinking that your workouts are supposed to be easy. At the end of the day, I wouldn't train like that except to bring up a lagging body part. But if that's something that you like to do and it keeps you consistent, who gives you shit? And if you haven't got a chance to get out of the 30 day program or the garage one, I'll leave a link in the description. And even people that were anti-abrosed split fell in love with it because it's a different kind of pain. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. If you want to see what a people split would be like if we were step brothers, I'll leave a playlist right here. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.