I guarantee you've done one of those fall-long ab workouts or found one of your mom's old Suzanne Summers VHS tapes and did crunches for a half an hour and let me guess. Nothing happened. That's because those suck and there's a better way. Let me explain. Now, those videos fall short for a couple reasons. One of which we innately know. It's because abs are made in the kitchen and more specifically in your case, they're made when you don't go to the bar, get drunk, strike out, end of an in and out burger with a food baby, end up tear your eye and tugging yourself to sleep. The bigger issue I have with them is that they make you think you should be doing 75 different exercises to get a good ab workout, everything from cistering to one that if your mom walked in, she'd think you're trying to suck your own dick. But the truth is, you should treat them like every other body part and find exercises you connect with and push yourself on them. One of my favorite ways to train abs is to give myself limitations. Like, if I only had two sets in the entire week to dedicate to them, how grueling could I make those sets? And I'm sure just hearing that your gut reaction was that's ridiculous. But we already know that you getting a six pack, it's gonna be more based on the fact that you stop deep-throwing cookies than whatever you're doing here. Anyin reality, all we're trying to do in here is make those abs more pronounced and ask yourself. If you're looking at somebody who's in shape and thought, you know what, their abs are a little bit underdeveloped. And if you have, you're just a jealous asshole. A great one is grabbing some straps and finding a pull-up bar and doing hanging knee raises to some ridiculously high number, like 50 or 100 reps and don't worry, you're not gonna get there all the month shot. So you have to hang there until you do. Or you grab the black balls and do rope crunches like an adult, which means you put the heaviest possible weight and give for 20 reps. And then you start dropping until your abs cramp up. Or grab an exercise ball and do pipes. And then once those failed, you need to chest and pick some unfathable number, like 100 reps. And you have to sit there and hold yourself up. So either you're gonna get there or you fall and smash your face. So can you watch and do a fall-long ab workout? One of those seven-minute abs and get results? Probably, but it's just a less efficient way to train. You already know you can't out crunch a shit guy. If you do need help with the more efficient way to train those abs, I'll leave a link to the programs in the description, especially the PPL1. Again, they're all 30 days and they're only 20 bucks to cheap bastard. Did I ever tell you the story about the time my left testicle got so big, I had to wear a sling. So I didn't fucking rip off. Probably not. No fucking way. And it's sealed. Bung of steel. Bung of steel too. Bung of steel three. Abs of steel too. I'm getting it.