Alright, today I want to go over why 99.9% of people failed to consistently make gains. Let's get after it. It's a serious number. It's like I almost pulled it out of my. So if we had to illustrate your fitness journey and the progress you're making in the gym, it should look something like this. You're consistently making progress. And depending on your priority, that could either be strength gains, building muscle, getting leaner, and yeah, there's going to be plattoes. There's times when you're going to get like today's a goal in your training and half-asset. There's other times when your game game dies and your lose motivation or you meet the love of your life and she makes you fat. Or can you even look like this where you purposely take some time off, take a couple steps back, let your body rest. I know for instance, Matt Frazier after the CrossFit Games would take a month and become a big fat mass just because he thought it was too easy to train for when he was already in shape. But that's not how most people's journey looks. More often than not, it looks something like this. They'll start to make progress and then they'll end up skipping a few days of the gym and back track. And then they'll get re-inspired, even get further than they were before, going vacation, take a month off the gym. This right here, that's when you call in a dominoes, you don't have to say anything. They just say, oh, hey Kevin, you want the regular ends right there. They died. Heart failure. Or even worse, they peaked in high school, sharp decline, dad bought for life. And before you say, well, that's it right there. You've said the fix. People try to out crunch the shit diet. They're not consistent enough in the gym and they don't push themselves hard enough. But if you were that easy, everybody would have fixed it already. And they wouldn't be able to still hide it unsettling about M&M's in their belly button. Those are the symptoms. They're not the cause. To me, there's three main internal obstacles that keep people from being consistent. But once you take care of those, you'll never have to worry about it again. You'll always make progress. Number one uncertainty. More people fall from the gym and fill up on their kids' telegrams because they're not sure what they're doing is actually getting them results. But to me, this is the easiest one to fix. All you have to do is get some clarity in the things that could be holding you back and make sure they don't. One of those could be training. Then internal thought that always pops up is this dilatating, actually getting me results and truthfully it all works. The bros split, ppl, full body workouts. They're all going to work. The only caveat is if you push yourself hard enough. And that's why if you're doing my programs, you know, I try to kill you. And not because I'm trying to give you a mild case of wrapped on my analysis, which I've had before, but not from training in the gym. It's because I'm an asshole. I tried to do a half iron man without even training for it. I deserved it. It's because if you can check training off that list and know that you're pushing yourself hard enough in there. And that's not holding you back. It's one less thing to worry about. Some of your doubt could be coming from your diet. There's so many things you could be doing wrong. That's why I always say, at least make sure the majority of your calories is coming from protein. For me personally, it's at least 40%. That way, even if you screw up and you become a big fat mass, at least you're a muscular fat mass. The other point of uncertainty shows up a lot in my DMs. It has to do with genetics. A lot of people for some reason think they're doomed. And they have some weird Benjamin muscularity disease. And the more they train, the more they end up looking like a 12 year old. Truthfully, yeah, there's some people that have more than affinity to put on muscle than others. But the end of the day, everybody can grow. Now, there are some things that could be holding you back. That's why I always say, get your blood work done. See where your hormones are. See where your thyroid's doing. And then from there, you can see if you're holding yourself back. But obviously not from the Benjamin buttons. Make sure you rack your monsters. It's an absurd amount. So you can see why I think uncertainties and easy one to fix. Just push yourself hard enough, get enough protein in. Know that your genetics truly don't hold you back. And as long as you're internally not screwed up, you're going to make progress. But these next two, not as easy to fix. And they're highly related. So I'll put them together in that patience. And your ability to delay gratification. It's suck. And I can honestly say this is something I still struggle with. Because every time we go to the gap for kids and try to buy an extra small shirt, and they say, sorry sir, we don't have that in your size. But we could order it online. Have it sent to you. First thing I say is fuck you. There's no way I have the patience or I'm able to delay gratification. Even though I'm going to end up drying my balls off with this shirt, because I forget to take a towel with me and the bathroom to take a shower. I can't wait. But I think those two really are what separates most people from their goals. Because working out will test your patience. You're in the gym, you got a nice pump going, you look yourself. You're like, well, I look great. You wake up the next morning and think, holy hell, did I get smaller? And your ability to delay gratification and play the long game, especially with your diet is what's going to allow you to see the results. Because believe me, I'd love nothing more than my diet to just be captain crunched hookers. But I know what I would look like. So if you're not familiar with the story of how rocky was made, I think it's a beautiful and the illustrates patience and delaying gratification. Now, so the investors to the loan was dirt poured the time. You wrote rocky and he took it all these studios. Nobody would make it. Finally one said, okay, we'll give you a hundred thousand dollars, but you can't be in the movie. And he said, that's a deal breaker. I'm out. And they came back to him and said, okay, we'll give you 200,000. He said, am I in the movie? They said, nope. So don't get him. Still out. I have to star in this movie. It's about me. It's my movie. They said, no way. Finally came back. We'll give you a $300,000. Remember at the time, he was so poor that he couldn't feed himself. He actually had to sell his dog at the liquor store for 25 bucks, just to afford food. And they said, we'll give you 300,000. He said, if I'm not the star, I'm not doing it. Finally, he came back and said, okay, we'll give you a $35,000. There's a couple of points in the movie because we want you to take the risk with us. And yeah, asshole, you can star in the movie. That's the power of delaying gratification and being patient. So I know, eventually, he bought his dog back for 15 grand and a part in Rocky. It would be nice if there's something that could say to you that would help you fall through and those two things or some sort of hack I could give you. But truthfully, there's nothing. The only thing I do is keep this saying in the forefront of my mind that's keep your commitments to your commitments. Other than that, I could really only help you with training. I'll link that below. But at the end of the day, no one's coming for you.