Oh no, my arms won't grow. So recently, my arms have been getting incredibly sore to the point where even if I want to look like less of a douchebag, I can't because I can't straighten my arms, which is a big deal if you've been training for a long time. You know, it's tough to get that debilitating soreness like you got when you first started. So today I'm going to show you three sets. You can do that are guaranteed to get those arms to grow, but let me warn you. There's levels to this. It starts at I'm too young to die. Goes all the way to nightmare. So ease into it or your arms will fall off. The best part about making a program is that I get a group of people I get to experiment on. The only thing I could relate it to is when your kid you went to Chuck E. Cheese, you grab that hammer and you beat the hell of those alligators. I'm living my dream. But as you get a little older and wiser, you realize if you just line up all your friends and simultaneously smash those plasticators, you went all the tickets. Is weird as it might sound. That's exactly what giants that are for arms. And I knew I was on the right track when I put the first one of those in the program and people would make in these long paragraph posts to one word answers like, ow, or they would talk in code and they would just have a bicep flexing fire, shiddemoji. But I quickly realized there's ways to make giant sets which are already disgustingly hard, even worse, but it's all about the way you set them up. The way that most people set up their giant sets, the I'm too young to die is they'll have a mixture of bicep and tricep exercises. Either two super sets back to back or two compound sets, bicep bicep, tricep, tricep, tricep, tricep. And if you're not used to train with this much volume, you're going to get results. Either the point you're going to be barting with your wife, okay, I'll buy you whatever you want. If for the next two days, you wipe my ass. What's the normal level on doom? Is it something perverted? Like hurt me. hurt me, please, or whatever. The next evolution of that is narrowing your focus down to just one. Because even though you got to hit two bicep exercises in that first example, you're not able to hit every facet of them. But when you dedicate all four exercises, you can destroy that brachialis, your long head, your short head, and one more exercise for good measure. But they're in lies of problem. Because that first set through, you're going to be doing great. Feeling good about yourself, probably using a significant amount of weight. But by that fourth set, you're not going to even need weight. You're going to try to cut some farts in your palms just to see if it makes your hands lighter. Which brings us to nightmare level? And this not only fixes the issue running to with those focused giant sets, but also is more difficult. And we'll cut your workout time and half. So I promise you give this a really good click-bady title like how to get bigger arms and half the timer. Stop cupping your farts and do this instead. I'll figure that out later. But what you're going to do is set up two focused giant sets. One for biceps, one for triceps. And normally you'd be resting after that first giant set. You're not going to. You're going to go right into that tricep giant set, back and forth. And you'll have more pain in your biceps and triceps than you ever had in your entire life. And if you ever asked yourself, can I really get a good arm workout in in 15 minutes? No. I'm going to tap out way before then. So if you realize you need that kind of abuse in your life, I'll leave the link to the full gym program and the garage home below. If you haven't seen these two videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. Out.