Now before you say this guy's full of shit, I progressively overloaded. I think he's the way to go. I'm not here to argue with you. If it works for you, keep doing it. Just for me, never worked that well. So if you're watching this, you feel like your bus to your ass, but you're not getting the results you want, and you're focused on what I would deem the wrong thing, which is how much weight you can lift. It's not going to work for you either. Because I've had so many comments, let me go in a little bit more detail because it's more than just lightning in the weight. And if you are somebody who progresses you overloaded, you have a body part that's lacking. I guarantee if you do what I'm about to tell you, it's going to grow. And by the end of this video, if you still disagree, just leave your address and your favorite color. I'll have a bag of dicks in out to you by this weekend. Let's first talk about how most people progress to the sets of an exercise, which you're standing down by a curl for example. Then walk to the rack, do an easier set, and then go, okay, I'm going to go up. There you go up. I'm getting a little tougher. Maybe they go up again. Let me go off. That's too heavy. I need to keep that same weight. You drop back down, and that's their exercise. To me, that's all wrong. I think a better way to look at is after that first set instead of just unconsciously thinking, okay, I need to add more weight. Instead, just think of how can I connect this exercise better? Or how do I make sure that this is the best exercise for me to do? By all means, if you have an incredible connection to just regular curls, add more weight and blow up those biceps, you shouldn't have a problem. But it's still thing it's a good idea to always test different angles, tempo, mechanical disadvantages, range of motion. Because you never know what you're going to connect with that day. And for me, connection is everything. That's why I never understand why some people say, why can't you just do regular exercises, why you start reinvent the wheel? Same reason you don't use those waterbed style dumbbells or the plastic ones with the concrete on the inside when you drop it at cracks and half. Because they f***ing suck. There's a better way. Also, this is a long-term play because you can't lift heavy for years. It's only a matter of time before something gives out. And I know about you, but when I squat heavy, I'm done. My central nervous system is just cast. I feel like I spent half the morning gym, my prick in a light socket, and all I want to do is sleep and eat after that. I think when it came down to for me is when I let my ego go, as well as some of those old and grain beliefs that my got from old high school coach that were way too short of shorts, things like you're going to grow the most from compound lifts. I don't think that's the case. I think it just comes down to whatever stimulates that muscle the most. If you can do it with a compound lift, great. But I'm still going to argue that you're going to get more of tweaking the form and tweaking the exercise than just stacking on more weight. Because once you lose the ability to purposely engage the muscle you're trying to work, because you're obviously trying to get that fucking weight off your back, the benefit of adding weight doesn't not weigh the loss of control. Let me give you a check list of all of first at any point during an exercise. If you lose the connection or you start to feel other muscles jump in more than the one you're trying to work, you've gone too heavy. Second, always test. See when you really connect with that day because you only go here to kick your own ass. So whatever works the best, that's what you should do. Finally, collapse time. The person that just hammers out their sets gets more time under tension, more total sets, more exercises. It's going to grow a lot more than the person just sitting there waiting for their rest period because we're going to add a little bit more weight. If you liked this video, who's willing to want a heavy verse of light weight, also another one of my favorites, most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell, and get after you get growing. Talk to you soon. Thank you.