All right, today we're blown up those delts, round enough those shoulders, and attacking that lateral head because why not? Let's just get to the point where we look stupid. I want to be able to be invited to somebody's wedding and show up in full sweats and say, honestly, sorry, nothing at the store fit me. And I would have had it custom made earlier, but turns out I'm an asshole, so take it or leave it. So when it comes to side laterals, it's a good idea, everyone's well, just give yourself a bit of a cup check because you can get out of hand really quick. I know every time I walk up to the rack, it takes me one set, just to kind of find that happy place of that's not interior dealt, that's not my trap, and I can figure out what's the best way I connect on that particular day because it changes all the time. But that's not what today's about. If you want me to, I'll film a video that goes over all the different variations you can do for lateral raises. Just to see what you connect with the most, but today I want to give you a self-correct that shitty form that you didn't know you have. Because without fail, every time we got a new client in to train shoulders, I would say, okay, first, let me see your lateral raise, and I would just sit back and wait for the shit show. I honestly think it's because everybody's thought the process is the same. I don't want that side belt to do all the work by itself because that would be too easy. I want to look like I put a couple quarters on those old electric horses ahead and find grocery stores and then did side laterals. Just finally, jump up and down to really get that entire body involved. And even when I gave him lighter weight, they still found a way, look like they were trying to mildly sexually assault themselves in the mirror, instead of doing what I asked side laterals. Because I think we all learned to do our side laterals the same way. Watch some giant human throw up some heavy weight, which absolutely works, but if you're f***ing it up with 15s, that's probably not the way to go. And that's where the training will come in. And I know I sound like a jerk when I say that, but it's not directed at you. This is more of self-talk that you just happen to be listening to because I can't be trusted. This eliminates the part of the moment where people typically screw it up myself included, which is when you bring it down to your leg, you're bringing it in front of you, pull those traps into it, pull that anterior delts into it, as you're coming up, you lean back too far. So all you have to think about is start of the bottom, flex that lateral head, back down rest, repeat. You know what I'm going to bring up, a keyboard exercise? I don't have to think twice about it. I just assume everybody has access, but it's a crazy world we're living in. I know that I can be talking to somebody who just has a handle with skiing one hand, an exercise band, the other, and that's all they got. If that's the case, I got nothing but love for you. Keep with a good fight. This can at least give you some ideas on how to use that band, and you can do it. If you're not going to have a good fight, then you can do it. If you're not going to have a good fight, then you can do it. If you're not going to have a good fight, then you can do it. If you're not going to have a good fight, then you can give you some ideas on how to use that band better. Because if you're willing to be that jerk that rolls a squeaky bench over the cable machine, you can really figure out what you connect with the most. Everything from your hand placement as far as the neutral grip, without prontated grip, but also the path you take. So coming up from a regular side lateral, or start with more of a front raise, and then wrap around, and then pull into that side delt, and on top of that, a slow, four-count negative and positive, or a static hold, is a totally different kind of disgusting pain on a cable machine. Might as well over the gray nerd inside theğl weave Let's finish off with a great exercise you can do with a land mine. But honestly, you don't need one. If you're anything like me you're an extensive training with the link between logs and kid. So, you can figure this shit out. All you're going to do is space the land mine tilt slightly for because that bar is going to drift slightly in front of you. It's going to put the elbow at a perfect position just to blow up that side doubt. And if you want to take the titles of the biggest asshole at the gym, just grab two bars and just hit them both at the same time. If you liked this video, you should watch this one on shoulders next. If you didn't catch the last one, I was in rare form. You'd probably gonna like that one too. But most importantly, subscribe. Hit the notification bell and get after you get growing. Dr. Z.