All right, today we're going over exactly how to grow your glutes. If you ask any woman of the gym who's made obvious glute gains, how they've made so much progress, you'll either forever be identified as a creep or she'll give you some incredible insight that will help you bring up any lagging body part. How many times a week do you train glutes? Does picking up dollar bills with my butt cheeks count? Absolutely. Then every day. And that's not a typical from what you'll hear from a regular woman who doesn't spend their days, hungry, hungry, hip-wing dollar bills with their ass cheeks. They're going to tell you that they train glutes anywhere from three times a week to every damn day. And I know that sounds crazy, but it absolutely works. Because what you'll find is these women have built in D-Lode days throughout the week. They hit their more exhaustive movements, like sumo deadless, barbell hip thrust, and even quarter reps at the bottom of the leg press on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And the rest of the week, they do banded in isolation work. That'll not only activate those glutes, but also help you develop a better mind muscle connection. And this is what people don't understand. Your gluteus maximus is by far the most powerful muscle in the human body, but it doesn't mean you should treat it as such. You have to earn the right. Because there's so many supporting muscles that can jump in, I'm pretty much every single glute exercise you do. In reality, you should only be lifting weight. They're largely engaged and flex your glutes as you can track up. Not just dry hump it up. The lesson here is that even though your ass is powerful enough to crack nuts. With great power, comes great responsibility. First thing I would do is start every glute training session off by hitting your glute mean. It's what makes up your upper ass. And if it's inactive or weak, you're going to run into some serious problems. Have you ever seen somebody's knees collapse when they squat? Well, that's why. To do one of the best exercises, you can just grab a step or stack a couple plates. Keeping that opposite leg straight and shifting all that weight into your working side. It'll be shocked at how much this one hurts. Another major change I'd make is to fix your form. I guarantee when you do some rows, you stay straight up and down. A good way to kind of fix this or even just a mental cue to have in your head is by having a band wrapped around your hips. You don't actually have to do it, but it'll instantly correct your form because when you think about something pulling you back and you have to drive forward, that's how you should do a sumo. Those bruises, which you bruise is from. 10-inch rag-a-ball. It's probably the best advice I can give you. It's just to find one of those women at your gym who've made real progress and fall along with exactly what they do. Follow along. Don't follow. They make whistles for people like that. And I know everybody wants me to make merch, but the saying's like, you can't outcrunch a shit diet or stop deep-throating churros and believe me. I'm working on it. I just want to work. If you thought I was joking, nope, you can get your replica asked print t-shirt below. Let's help get this girl through college. That might be a little aggressive. Let's at least aim to get her a couple of monostat ones and a bottle of sperm-assign on loop. If you haven't had a chance, watch this video next. If you want to grow, programs are linked below and as always, get after it and get grown.