Today we're briefly interrupting from our normal schedule content to talk about motivation. Growing up, I always felt different. While everybody else could go out and drinking, partying, having to fun, those same experiences for me would just leave me feel empty and confused. Wondering, this can't be all there is. Then I realized my happiness is derived from progress. Now I still feel like an alien and disconnected from my peers, but at least I knew there was a path I could take to reach it. But then I heard this one quote that changed my life forever. Hold on. I think I can do that. The worst thing I could be is the same as everybody else. I hate that. I had a cheat. There's no way I could expose last name right. That one phrase gave me permission to be different. And if you're saying it's just a stupid saying, what's the big deal? Think of all the things that your parents said or some homeless guy yell at you across the street that's stuck in the back of your head and run your day-to-day life. Like, Monday doesn't grow on trees or you can't always give it to you. Or some other bullshit thing like that that dictates your day-to-day. I'm not making this for the experience left or who's already reached their goals. They look the part. They already in a routine. This is for the person just getting started in the gym. Who's aspirations have an actualized yet? And you have to justify to their family, friends, girlfriend, boyfriend, whoever. Why this ideal is a worthy one to pursue. Now this may just be me, but in my experience, this is bigger than just the superficial goals you receive. This is character building. The structure, the sacrifice, the determination, all the traits you need to build a better you will spread to all areas of your life. Now you would think that this sort of endeavor would garnish a support from everybody in your life. Hey, Debregate to you. You're going to have some haters. I've realized just the way you live your life is going to make people uncomfortable. Even if you go out of your way, not to cause harm, people are going to get offended. But I always stand by the fact that the most important thing in your life is you. And if you don't take care of you and you're happiness and what makes you happy, you're going to be miserable. And at least for me, if I don't go to the gym, I'm fucking awful to be around. That's my anger management. And if I don't get it, now are there people to do it for the wrong reasons? Absolutely. I actually think we all started in the gym because of some sort of insecurity or just not feeling good enough. But then it's on us to turn into something more. Because whenever it would be more than just a weekend more, you're someone that just doesn't inconsistently until we stop running from something. We're not proud of until we start going because we're excited about what we're growing into. I'm sure some of you were wondering what the hell that was. Been coming here to get preached to, but this probably wasn't for you then. This stuff just gets me hyped up. For some reason, I want to scream that life from Shop of the Thunder. I'm a lad, fom of motherfuckers. Doesn't even make sense. So to the person who's unsure if their hours, weeks, years are worth being spent in the gym, they answer, fuck yes. Because while the world's burning around you and everybody's freaking out, you're always in control of the most important thing in your life. You and how you present yourself to the world. Lock it up.