All right, so I asked you guys what you thought were some of the most overrated exercises, so I can attempt to salvage some of those dumpster fires and turn them into something useful. But as you'll see, not all of them are worth saving. Let's get after it. So I have to say, it was nice to see us all come together as a community and really share in our common hatred of certain exercises and try some of the touts spot in terms of total number of exercises and some of them. And also some people just submitted exercises that obviously aren't overrated, they just hate to do them because they're hard, which I can appreciate. But we're going to start with my personal favor, the list, Burpees. Also known as the exercise that trainers have their clients do when they run out of useful shit. And I thought this would be a great one to start with because it's pretty tough to judge how useful it actually is because yeah, if you have a pretty cavernous belly button and you have to grunt your way through tying your shoes, then the idea of getting up and down off the ground is pretty worthy and deverted to pursue. But they also give you a flashback to high school football when your coach had you do up downs, which are basically a burpee, but instead of jumping up and down looking like to get to run in place and then violently throw yourself on the ground and pop back up. So we know they're hard, but I still would much rather choose an assault bike or a roar. So how do we make it better? So the first thing is you can grab some dumbbells and hold those while you're doing, but then you're just an unnecessary danger to an already ridiculous exercise. And I've seen a lot of people take pride in the fact that they can do a burpee and then jump on a box or hop on a bench, but I would just just not do a shit little box jumps instead. So I think it's safe to say the verdict on burpees is that they're pretty damn overrated. All right, next up, let's go over some of those tricep exercises because these are actually salvageable. Starting out with kickbacks. A.K.A. Could be a tricep exercise. Maybe it were at hammer crow variation. Now I'm just kidding. I'm just jerking back and forth. These are momentum because I have no idea what I'm doing. Let me first start up by saying, I get it. Every time I see somebody do these at a gym, I want to find an exact where they live. So I can wake up right in early one morning and take a shit on their lawn because most people disagree these to the point that they're unrecognizable. You can't even tell they're trying to train triceps, but these are actually a phenomenal exercise when you don't do them like everybody else. And you've got some options. You can just set up a bench on a 45 degree angle, lay over top of it and grab two dumbbells with a supinated grip and then it'll instantly give you a better connection. Or if you have a nice set of lopsided triceps, you can set that bench up even higher, pin your shoulder up against it and do them unilaterally. And that pad of the bench is going to strip them momentum completely out of it. Or simply ditch dumbbells all together and strictly do cables because you can easily find a great connection by adjusting the position of your body or that elbow. Keep it nice and high or just tuck it into your side and do an asshorter range of motion. And the verdict is it's underrated unless you do them like everybody else. And another popular submission was the French press. Also known as the how many times is going to hit myself in the back of the head with a dumbbell within five minutes. And I actually think these as is whether you use a dumbbell, easy bar, seated or standing are underrated exercise. You just have to know going in, you're going to get better results with a shorter range of motion and focus on a higher rep range because if you try to use heavy weight with these, you're asking for a bad time. It's like if your wife asks you, she looks fat in a certain pair of jeans and you respond, no, your fat looks great in those. But if you're like me and you got one show with this a little less in pain. So it's easier to get in that position and ends up dominating the movement. Then you're better off doing what I showed in a previous video, which is pin it up that elbow against the bench on a nice steep incline and doing your French press is that way. And another submission that stood out to me was somebody who said anything involving the bozu ball, which is an acronym for both sides up and don't act like you knew that. And it takes everything in me now to immediately carve overrated in this damn thing because I too hate scrolling through Instagram and seeing somebody try to sell me in the fact that a single leg squat on here, while you just simultaneously doing dumbbell curls, will change your life. But there are two applications that make this an incredibly valuable piece of equipment. The first one applies to anybody who has trouble with those anterior doubts, whether it's flies or pressing movements on chest day, with this half moon piece of shit allows you to do is pin socials together, pull those shoulders back and keep in touch in the bozu ball the entire time. That'll make sure the chest is dominating the movement. But it also supports those arms as you come down, so it's a little bit easier. And it gets you in the habit of opening up that chest before you drive it up. And also allows you to set up a mechanical drop, which is normally a pain in the ass on chest. But with this, it's easy. Start with the in-clim movement. As you start to fail, you push those hips up, you go more horizontal. When you fail with that, you tilt those hips back a little bit more, so you go into more of a decline movement and force out a few more reps. And you hit that chest from every single angle in one exercise. And the second application is using it for abs, because for me, laying on it almost like a decline bench and crunching into it and forcing my lower back against that ball gives you the most painful contraction, no other ab exercise comparison. And it's also great for anybody with lower back issues. Anybody who feels like they could just fire a disc across the room at any moment, that little bit of support makes a huge difference. So the verdict is, it's incredibly underrated unless you're going to do stupid shit on it. And lastly, the single most submitted exercise, the traditional flat bench press. Now, for me, it's inevitable. Every time I do these, I get a few reps in, I get tight into one of my packs. And it feels like it's going to fruit roll up right into my armpit and ruin my life. So this one's an easy overrated, but I know some people get great results with these. And that's awesome. I'm sure there's a trophy out there for you somewhere. Just keep searching Craig's List and you'll find it. But to me, you better options using dumbbells, a slight incline and a Smith machine, really anything else. And if you haven't got a chance to check out the 30 day program, I'll leave a link in the description. It's 30 days. It's 20 videos, 20 bucks. Pretty damn simple. If you haven't watched these videos, I'd watch those next, but most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after it. Get growing. Talk to you soon.