All right, so today we're going over the most overrated overhyped exercises you can do. Now, obviously this is going to spur some controversy. So look forward to meeting you a little troll people in the comments. But let me preface by saying that, do I think this is going to be some universal truth for everybody? Yeah. Thought I was going to give you some out so you can continue to do dumb shit. Now, not today. Let's get after it. Now, there's absolutely a place for closed group bench in client decline. But flat bench press is the most overrated dumpster fire exercise you can do. And there's a lot of reasons for that. Now, a lot of it has to do with the bar belt cell because in less than an experienced lifter, it's going to promote bad form because when she hits the fan, what happens? Because those hands are perpendicular, people like to flare those elbows out, try to get those shoulders involved and then sign up to a pectare. And this doesn't happen on any client or decline because the angle because the position in that shoulders in the less of a compromise position. So there is no worries there. But I'm flat and absolutely does. So why not just avoid it? Why not do dumb bells? Turn those hands at 45 degrees and push from a position of strength and a position where you get a better contractional role. Maybe you're not sold. Maybe you think you get a bench 315 to keep your man card. And if that's the case, I know you. I've seen you at the gym. You're the guy that wears this clustering and still takes to add out in the yearbook, even at your 40, make sure these junctures know that you scored six touchdowns in a single game. But I could promise you this. When you stop ego lifting and you start chasing the connection, the contraction, you're to make more progress. And I get it. Every day, somebody's going to ask you, how much you bench? But you know, it's worse than that. Is the guy that's ready and willing to answer that question? Doesn't matter what gym you go to, it's not going to be some guy stand for them. You're spitting all over it, doing alternating dumbbell curls. Now, be hard for us to convince me that that exercise, when that transfers tension throughout the movement. So at the bottom of the movement, you're hitting that break. You're like you flex up. It's the long head and you twist into that short head. That's a better exercise than finding ones that isolated down each of the heads in the breakouts itself and getting more time under tension that way than losing the tension throughout the movement. If you are playing on staying in this abusive relationship, even though it's completely one-sided, there is no future. I suggest doing them on cables because a couple of things you fix here. One, you're not alternating back and forth, so there is no rest. You're away from the mirrors, you're not spitting all over it. But most importantly, you're keeping constant tension and you can kind of pinpoint where you want that pressure and that tension and target one muscle over the others. So if we want to hit more breakouts, like in lean back, lift that arm up and flex over top of it there. If one hit long head, short head, I can just change how much I rotate and really pin point each of those. So if I want to do a little bit of rotation at the top, I can hit that long head or phone to really exaggerate and really open it up. It's going to pull into that short head. Another exercise I'm going to issue with is hyper extensions. Not necessarily because they're just as self, just the way that most people do them. Now if you're coming to this video some baggage, you've had some disc injuries over the years then, yeah, probably doing the static version of these the way to go. But if not, you have a healthy back and you can see some serious benefits by getting some flexion and extension involved. One obviously increase your flexibility. Two is a better contraction because you're relaxing that back and then arching it up and you're going to get more growth in the splinter wreckers. But you can't tell me that it's not a better movement than what you see most people do the gym by grabbing 45, 90 pounds over arching their back and slamming up and down. That's better than slowly controlling flexing forward arching up. To me, that's a better overall movement. It's safer. You're going to better contraction. You're going to get more development. You're going to better contraction. A few people are puckered up with me just in next to this bar because a lot of people reached out and they said, hey, you can do a video on track bar dead lifts and just rest assured it's not the exercise itself. It's how people use it. A lot of people use this as a crutch because they can't do regular dead lifts. To me, that's not acceptable. Also, it's indication that you're probably not even doing these correctly. If you can't do regular dead lifts because there's a similar form involved and just how you load your hips. Just know that you're going to have to go back to basics. I would ditch these for a while. Go back to regular straight bar dead lifts. Figure that form out because again, it's going to just aid you down the road and it's going to increase your squat form. It just overall you're going to be a better lifter but make sure you don't use a movement like this as a crutch. So as always, like, subscribe to the notification bell. Leave a comment for the video you want next and get after a good growing. Talk to you soon.