Did you know that if you eat white rice while it's still hot? It tastes like Walmart rice. It will significantly increase your blood sugar more than when it's cool. They really should put a disclaimer on that. Warning, could lead to you becoming a diabetes. It's due to something called retrogradeation. As the rice cools complex bonds reform, which in turn are slower to digest. Turns out, Uncle Ben's a real piece of... Here's an interesting fact. If you're ever taken a sniff of smelling salts and thought, I feel that one of my balls. That's probably because the same chemical you used to get ready for a lift is the same one that used on guys that Chris Hanson catches with condoms and a six pack of nadi ice. It's called a version therapy and it's used in a clinical setting with the worst of the worst kind of people. They get them aroused with whatever screwed up thing they're into and at the same time they either elects cute them make them smell rotting meat or you guessed it. A moan. So good luck the next time you try to go pull a PR because the entire time they're going to be thinking, did I just break my deusious smell this? Do I have to? Yeah. Also, did you know that caffeine is so cuck? I just assume that it caused your body to produce more adrenaline and that's what won't you up. But the actual reason it makes you feel like you never need to sleep again is it closer resembles a chemical in your brain called adenosine, which is responsible for calming and promoting sleep. That's like a goddamn candy bar. So the end of finding for the same receptor caffeine ultimately wins and adenosine sits in the corner of your brain, and in theory I just watching that receptor get worked for another five to six hours and tell caffeine is finished. It's actually a good up story type. In reality the entire time adenosine continues to build up in quantity. But the way I like to picture it is it increasingly gets more self-conscious and wonders, how did this become my life? That's why at that five to seven hour mark you feel like you hit a wall because all that adenosine finally has a chance to buy with those sloppy receptors. Hopefully that helps you drink a little less caffeine. Although some of you are pretty messed up. Speaking of plums, did you know your gym clothes could be affecting your fertility these look ridiculous? Now before you freak out and start smushing the keyboard and do that thing, one of your balls get sucked up inside of you and you have to push it down to pop it out. I'm not talking about compression. That myth came about because the reason your balls hang outside your bodies because sperm dies at body temperature. So it was thought that if you smash them up against your body and some running shorts, you're going to decrease sperm count. But that's not the case. But there was a study where they took cotton and polyester underwear and put it on dogs and noticed there was a drop in sperm adegeneres. The process of creating fertile sperm. And they actually think it's because the electrostatic potential of the polyester itself. So not only do those tight polyester underwear, make it so you have to explain to a woman. No, no, no, don't worry. My joke always looks like it melted when I wear these. They could not seem in humans yet. Potentially be affecting the amount of viable sperm you produce. I bet you started working out for the same reason I did. You saw some guy in a fitness magazine with giant arms and you realized that's the secret to getting me everything I wanted life. Cars, money. Woman in a tub full of fruit loops. But no matter how hard you worked, your results were dismal. But everyone in these damn magazines were making incredible transformations. Hey Tommy, excited about your first day of school. That's because one man changed marketing in the fitness industry forever. Bill fucking Phillips. He was the first person to take somebody who is an amazing shape and pay them to get fat. Then he reversed the before and afters. Try this out for yourself because you'll be amazed. Once you cut out the before and after pictures and switch them around the way they actually are in reality, you'll go from desperately wanting that product to hating that company. If you already knew this, then the really is no aha moment. I just didn't want some young kid who's just getting into working out to get a hold of one of these magazines. I think that's why I'm not growing because I'm not butt-chugging muscle tech. Do you have any idea how astounding and how finicky little pieces of shit muscle fibers are? If you've been trying to grow your biceps for years, but your progress is order line embarrassing, it might not be your horrible genetics. It's most likely the fact you're not stimulating those fibers completely. There's a little task for you to see if you can figure out what the hell I'm doing wrong. There's an exercise for long-head, short-head and break-y alles. What about these and my completely screwing up and ruining my life? Well for one thing, my face looks like I'm taking a shit with every rep, but that's not it. It has to do with regional muscle hypertrophy. The fibers in your muscle will actually grow at different rates depending on the exercises you do. Some cause more stress and development in the belly of the muscle. Well, others cause more growth towards the distal or proximal ends. Possibly due to different ranges of motion or how a movement affects the muscle and its relationship to gravity or how some movements are more centered around the eccentric portion. Honestly, the scientific community has no idea why this happens. They just know what happens in quadriceps, triceps, and biceps. So if your biceps suck, not only do you have to program exercises based on which muscle it's hitting, like incline curls for the long-head or cable curls for your short-head, but you also have to be present during the exercise itself. And think of my film this towards where the bicep originates, in the belly of it, or down towards the insertion point. I know, it's f***ing confusing. All I want are big biceps, so women will suck my toes. It's actually a simple fix. Once you stop standing there, doing curls like you're trying to stop a questionable fart. All you need to do is incorporate exercises that change where the force is being applied through the lever arm. Either by change in the position of your body or doing something like a drag girl. Your programs are linked below, and if you don't buy them all, you're a horrible person.