If you're dealing with the pain that holds you back, 95% of the time, it's correctable. Yeah, there are some cases where it's not. If you're walking around with somebody else's ligament in your knee because your suck at skiing, or you grow up with an abusive dad that made you do triathlons from the age of 10s, you have no art, particular cartilage left in your knee, but outside of those known injuries, that pain that makes your butt whole pucker every time you do a quarter squat is 100% correctable. And it's usually caused by one of these three things. An issue with mobility, biomechanical slash muscular and balanced, or a load tolerance issue. And what's frustrating is I'm sure at some point you saw a doctor and they told you you have... I'm not feeling like a surgeon. For sure, because you're a feeling pain right below your knee cap or on the lateral side, and then they give you a high five and pull you to piss off. The problem with that is it's just a bullshit blanket term that encompasses a bunch of symptoms and doesn't provide any value. It's like a retirement home. You're not sending your grandpa there to retire, you're sending him there because you're tired of wiping his ass. All of those symptoms, if you trace him back to the source, are correctable problems. Here's a good test to see if whether or not you're actually screwed. If you feel pain on some exercises, but not others, or if you're pain-only develops as the loading creases, or your pain materializes as you get further into the workout, that's good news. So no matter what your dad told you when he walked out to start a new and better family, you're not a lost cause. Your knee is a very simple joint. It f***s off in this direction, and this direction, and that's it. But to do that, there needs to be a cordus between all the forces that stabilize the joint and allow it to do its thing. And what's interesting is sensors that synergy between the muscles, tendons, and ligaments, more often than not, you could pin point exactly where your pain's coming from, and most importantly, why? If you feel pain laterally on the outside of your knee, that's due to your illiotibial band and your quad, actually pulling your knee cap up and out of position. And when you actually see what happens on a structural level, it makes sense why your knee sounds like a bowl of rice crispies after you put a cup of sugar in there because what kind of psychopath eats it plain? If you feel pain on the inside lower portion of your knee cap, we can trace that back to your medial patella or ligament, and that's a little bit harder to correct because it's a god damn ligament. It can be caused by hip or ankle mobility issues with frozen entire axis of the joint off. Your VMOs do tie it where your calf isn't loading properly. I know it's crazy that we as humans even work. None of this makes sense. I always think how did I not die after every time I take it shit. If you completely relax your leg, your knee will tell you what the hell is wrong with it just simply by moving it around. The good old turning cough, like you did for pop Warner, but instead of an adult woman, if you're lucky, pal painting that cheese collecting crevice next to your balls, we're going to do a turniquet. Although my knee looks like Chibocca's asshole, so it might be hard to tell. Well, this is definitely going to help me illustrate the point a little bit better, but for the next three weeks I'm going to walk around looking like I got drunk and went to go shave my balls and missed. You're going to straighten your leg and completely relax your quad. Now gently press your knee cap in every direction. Your knee is supposed to comfortably and easily move around from side to side because that's its can job. If it doesn't, you need to start looking in that direction as well as the opposite direction to see what's overly tight and undiractive. If you're feeling tenderness in the inferior portion of it, either right below that knee cap or downward the patella attaches to your shin, you're dealing with knee tendonitis. I know it's a lot to figure out and correct on your own, but don't worry, I'm going to take your little Chibocca hand and walk you through step by step how to completely fix your knee pain. And I'm serious, this encompasses everything. Ten to nine is mechanical dysfunction. You name it. We're going to clean all that shit up. The way you do after a long night of drinking in Mexican food. It's a physical therapy's version of sitting on the edge of your tub, blowing it out, and turning your shower on. Step one, we have to test to figure out what the hell's going on. Because most people make the mistake of trying to blindly correct the problem and end up making it worse. So first, I want you to do an air squat. Now you should just say watch yourself in the mirror, but that doesn't make sense unless you live in a fucking fun house. So take your phone, film yourself in the front, both sides in the rear, and make sure not wearing shoes because those are probably the reason your knees are screwed up in the first place. You were that asshole that squatted in Nike shocks. I want you to pay close attention to your knees, ankles, and feet. One thing I see a lot is as you get past a few reps. One of those feet will start to turn out. That's bad. One quick note, we don't care if you're butt winks. We're not trying to fix your dump or right now. We want you to squat all the way down hamstrings and calves because everybody should. If you can't, that sucks. Next, we're going to do a single leg squat on both sides for reps. Start by squatting down as low as you can comfortably go with the goal of sharing the load across the entire quad. Pay close attention to your knee. If you notice it drifts towards your midline or shakes violently, that sucks. But we'll fix it. Next, let's look specifically at hip and ankle mobility issues, because that's usually the root cause to all your problems in life. So first, with one foot on the ground, I want you to take your knee and try to bring it all the way to your chest. You should be able to actually reach your chest. If you can't, next, I'm going to test your ability to internally and externally rotate your hip. It's a little counterintuitive because the test external rotation, you're going to land your back, put your knee at 90 degrees and then you're going to bring your foot towards your midline to test internal rotation into the exact opposite. A healthy range for external rotation is 40 to 60 degrees for internal rotation 30 to 45. If you're nowhere near any other, you don't have to look any further. This is the reason your life sucks. I guarantee if you're going your wife's purse right now, you're going to find another man's dick. Next, we're going to test your ankles with two tests. One of which I'm sure you've done before. Start by facing the wall. We're going to test both sides individually. So whatever side you choose first, set that foot up five inches away from the wall. And don't act like you don't know what five inches is. You know exactly how long that is. You don't need to tape measure. Just if you're not sure, take that little prickier's, stretch it out, times that by pie and then you're about a third of the way there. While keeping your heel glued to the floor, you're going to drive your knee forward and if you can't touch the wall, then you're ankle suck. Next, I got a very simple test that isn't the most scientific, but I'll immediately know if your squat's going to be garbage. Whether your shoes are often feet flat on the ground on what you'd lift your toes up as highs they can go. If your toes barely lift off the ground, that tells me your tippy-alice anterior isn't strong enough to dorsy flex those hobbit feet ears and your knees are going to suffer because of it. Lastly, I want you to take note of when your knee pain occurs. Does it happen on some exercises but not others? Or does it happen after a period of time during your workout? If that's the case, that's good news. It has to do with load intolerance and we're going to fix that at the very end. Which brings us to step number two. Now you should know exactly what's causing your knee pain. So you can choose which one of the correct movements I'm about to show you applies to you and use it to unfuck your life. And the difference between this mobility work and a previous video I made is now we're actually hunting for issues. Once we find it, we're going to correct it and keep doing that until your knee pain is resolved. That means you can walk away from this with one thing to work on for the next week or two in your problem solved or you could have seven because you're so screwed up and your knee capsule is so inflexible that you can't take a proper shit on a squatty potty. You don't know me? I don't know. Let me make a quick disclaimer because I know some kids can try to do all of these at once, hurt himself and then this beautiful chubby mom is going to sue me. So makes you only work the areas that need work. For example, if you have exceptional external rotation and poor internal then you want to fix that internal issue first. Because if you try to exaggerate your ability, externally rotate your hip, you could potentially decrease your ability to internally rotate even more and you could make that hip more prone to injury. But with that being said, this first one is one that everybody could and should do because we're just putting a little traction on the hip to release any impingement and alleviate pain. Remember that test we had to do where you laid back and tried to get your knee to your chest but you couldn't. This one's for that. To do this one, you're going to need a foam roller and a resistance band. You're going to wrap that band around your ankle and then scoop back until there's tension on the band. You're going to place that foam roller underneath your Achilles and then lay back and the idea is to completely relax and let that tension relax your hip all the way down your ankle joint. What's neat about this one is you'll probably feel tension release and stages. For example, if your hip is your biggest limiting factor, you'll probably feel distraction in your knee, then you're ankle and when everything else says screw it, I'm done, your hips slowly releases. It's going to be a minute hold for two rounds on each side. If you found out you have limited internal rotation based upon the test we did, less than 30 degrees, line your back, bend your knees and take the foot on the side you want to work first and step it out six inches. From there, take the opposite leg, put it over top and apply force and try to drive that media-less towards the floor. Either hold it for 30 to 60 seconds and do a few rounds or you pee an effort and treat it like reps where you're going to actually contract and try to externally rotate your hip but the opposite leg is going to win and force it into a deeper stretch. Side note, if you're feeling pinching when you're doing these, that either means you're about to tear one of your meat curtains or that hip joint is still impenzed and you need to give it some room to work. So simply add traction with the band from the side problem solved. If your external rotation is less than 40 degrees, then for me the best ways to mimic where the problem presents itself, screws around a little bit and see where the issues most prevalent and then kick your own ass. The way I do that is by lunging forward and then driving that knee out. Then I twist away from it, twist towards it and then completely change the angle of my knee and I like to do it like reps. So I'll dive into it for a few seconds, dive back out, keep doing until it relaxes, then go into another variation and keep doing that until it's completely cleaned up. And again, if you want to get even more to this one, just use a band and apply traction from the side. Now if you failed the angle test and you're unable to stress that little children of yours out to touch the wall by a pretty significant margin, then we're going to need to take a little bit more of an aggressive approach than we have in the past. So what we're going to do is clear out any restriction in your ankle joint, just in case it's causing misalignment in your knee. Go grab yourself a ball, a tennis ball might even work, and position in the gap in front of your ankle bone. Your goal is to apply pressure to that ankle bone and drive it back, releasing any built up garbage that you got from walking around like an asshole and then flex your toes away and then towards your shin to work around the ball. And then do the exact same thing on the opposite side by pressing down with your hand and you should instantly feel some relief in those ankles. Now there's one more thing we're going to clean up. It's causing your knee to do all sorts of weird shit and you're going to hate me for it because it's your calves. I don't know about you, but every time I get a massage and the lady starts stripping my calves, it takes everything in me not to punch her bean. All you need to do is throw some smaller weight on the bar. Some tens or 25s, cross your legs lift your butt up and then roll back and forth until that calf is released or what's more likely you quit because it hurt too bad. Make sure you don't directly roll out your Achilles because that'll potentially make it inflamed and your ankle problem will get even worse. Next, this corrects those biomechanical and muscular imbalances that end up leading to knee pain. An easy way to think about it is a biomechanical imbalance is just a precursor to actually developing a muscular imbalance. It's like that small bumper cocaine that you did that eventually led you to having sex with your wife, sister, and selling your kidney on the black market and ultimately turning your butt hole into an ATM machine. And the way you fix these issues is actually the exact same. The only difference is that if the dysfunction in your knee is caused by an imbalance between your muscles, it's just going to take a little bit longer to correct. Good news is it usually ends up only being a few muscles end up suffering in terms of development so it's easy to isolate and correct them. Your adductors, your abductors and all those stupid muscles involved in dorsy flexion. Which is counterintuitive because you think it'd be the muscles closest to the knee that are causing problems, but just like we had to look deeper into your hips and ankles to fix mobility issues then causing knee pain, we could look past those immediate muscles to see what's throwing everything off. Because the truth is once those are fixed it's going to automatically fix the imbalance between your VMO and your lateralist because now they're positioned to bear the load and generate force equally. First take off your stupid shoes again. This allows you to focus on keeping an even distribution of weight across your feet and I'm willing to bet if you passed all those other tests and you still have knee pain, this is your problem. Because your medialis and lateralist can only cause micro dysfunction due to the fact that they're only pulling and opposing directions based upon viral orientation. If you got tightness and our weakness in your ad or abductors, that can cause your knee to be fucking sideways. That's the way to fix both these issues is two various disciplines. The first one you're going to wrap a band around your knee, then you're doing the exact opposite and these are exercises. So your obvious is you're going to do a shit little reps and a shit load of sets and you're probably not going to get to the point where you actually need to add weight because at that point your problem is going to be fixed, but instead of that I rather you slow down the movement to make it more difficult. When it comes to those dorsy flexor muscles, your tibialis anterior, your extensor, deodorom logis and another ridiculous sounding one, I want you to do two things. First, every day I want you to get into a deep squat and one foot at a time I want you to contract those muscles, not just shift your weight from side to side but the actual contraction itself causes you to shift. And you'll be surprised how quickly this helps because these are the exact muscles you need to fire to get that knee into a proper alignment during a squat and it's currently not because listen to your knee. The second thing is the next time you train your anterior tibes which if you don't you need to start. I want you to try to get those other muscles involved of which I forgot their f***ing name by turning your toes in and out for a few sets. Because they're a critical component to getting that knee to properly track out over your toe as you squat. Next, this work on increasing your load tolerance. And most people recommend doing regular or single leg wall squats because most people are stupid. A Spanish squat is a significantly better option because you're in complete control of how much pressure you take off your knees and it's also training you on proper positioning because the main tango good form you have to engage your abduck, your glutes, your anterior tibes. Pretty much all the muscles he's sucking can try to that have given you crunchy knees. And we're going to start with the isometric version. So wrap that band around the back your knees, walk back until there's enough tension to maintain good form which is your back's nice and straight and you're not hinging at the hips. You're going to drop that in a 45 degrees, hold it for 60 seconds for three rounds. Now isometric hold, you're only going to help you decrease pain and begin to reduce cortical inhibition which is when your body experiences pain it decreases your ability to generate force in that area to protect itself. The key to actually increasing load tolerance is to find a moment you can do pain free and then slowing down to allow the muscles and tendons to do their job and not just using like a freaking spring. Good news is you don't have to water your little chubby self across the gym. You can stay in place and start doing Spanish squats for reps. Again, makes you don't hinge at the hips, your back is nice and straight and you do a 4-count negative and a 4-count positive. That becomes easy you can obviously add weight or or you can start doing work on a decline board. The reason this is probably the best way to increase load tolerance is because that's inherently what it does. As the inclining increases you end up putting less strain on your ankle joint and a greater stress on your entire hotel for moral joint which is great for all you people that are really messed up and also have ankle and hip problems you can focus in on just your knee just like everything else there's a stir-stepping method where if you can comfortably do 10 degrees, bump it to 15. After a certain point it's not going to make sense to increase the angle anymore. That's when you start adding weight. Anya, if you're down on your lock, wiping your ass with coffee filters you can recreate the same decline angle by stacking a few 5's on top of each other. It's not as good but it'll get the job done. No shame. I've been there. Mr. Coffee cuts are the deepest. And again, through the entire process of increasing your load tolerance make sure you check in with yourself and see if you're ready to move to the next step. If you can do an isometric hold then you do it for reps. If you can do it for reps you either add weight or move to a decline board where you increase the angle to the point where you can't anymore and then you add weight. By that point your knees will be solid. A couple quick notes to help you out. At the end of all that you could rid yourself completely of knee pain but still not be able to squat all the way down to where your hamstrings touch your calves. That's because there's still tightness in the knee capsule itself but it's an easy fix. Simply sit on the floor, roll up a towel, put it behind your knee and then shift back and forth to create distraction in the stiff knee joints. Second, if you're fairly sure your IT band is the root of all your problems because you have pain on the lateral part of your knee, don't directly roll out your IT band. They can stand 8,000 pounds per square inch which is right above concrete so if anything you'll just piss them off. Go up to your glute max, meet and TFL, they all insert directly into it and they're going to be hard as a rock. Get a foam roller for your TFL and then use a ball across your leg and roll your glute meet and max. Or pay a small Asian woman to walk on you. Lastly, knees leaves. I think they're great but only after you made progress and reducing your knee pain they'll give you that kinesthetic feedback and remind you to check in on your knees and see how they're tracking. But they're not a crutch. Programs are linked below. If you don't buy all of them then more than likely your dad's going to stop and bite you into his new family's house for Thanksgiving.