Turns out you've been training glutes wrong the entire time, but that's okay because America here is gonna show us how. She named really America. Yes. Now my assumption was before I did all the testing that sumo dead lives will get the highest glute activatious. Because every time I did them my glutes run fire I was sore for days. But it turns out I was wrong. Kind of. If we look at a model of your actual glute muscle look at their origin and insertion you're gonna see as you externally rotate your hips. God there's some pieces. How do I reach these kids? Perfect. When you externally rotate your hip, I.e. walk your feet wider. You're actually shortening your glute max before the lift even starts. It's not a bad thing, but it's not optimal. To figure out how to properly work glute max we need to look at fiber orientation and function. Because if you look at the orientation of the fibers you can see the natural path, the length and the muscle is staying perfectly in the sasional plane to Reckly out in front of you. And since its primary function is to extend the hip, a.k.a. dry hump then it's fairly clear what we need to do to make a Every glute exercise even better. Walking lunges for example are a great glute max exercise because you're staying that sasional plane. It's directly out in front of you. And as long as you're not lazy, piece of shit and step your feet together to the entire time, you're going to get full hip extension. But we can make it even better by exaggerating the movement by leaning forward with each rep at the very bottom, which is going to lengthen that muscle even more. And this obviously applies to similar moments like step ups where as you lean forward you're increasing the range of motion that glute has to work through. Another great example of an exercise that takes full advantage of fiber orientation are glute focused hyper extensions because your glutes are actually what are pulling you through the sasional plane. Now does that mean these are the absolute best glute exercises? No, they're great, but the goal of high perturbation should always be to isolate down to the muscles much as you'm impossible. With these, there's too many secondary muscles that can easily jump in and become the prime mover. If you simply just misjudged the length of your stride, two short quads, two long hamstrings. These fall under, let's make sure we ruin our weekend because we're unable to walk category that you throw in at the end of your workout. If you're somebody that has one sorry ass of an ass and it looks like two ziplock bags of Thanksgiving gravy has been stable to your back. And when you fart, it doesn't even make noise. It just, you should be doing movements that allow you to more effectively isolate your glutes like an assisted reverse lunge. And you may think assisted means easier. It does not. That's your grandma how great her fucking life is and how much she loves assistance. The reason the assisted version is better in terms of isolation is because you're taking some of the emphasis off that knee joint and shifting it towards your hip. And you actually shift your weight as you're doing it to get more tension on the hip itself. But you're also increasing that range of motion by leaning forward as well. Another great example of this is the TRX version because again, you're in that sasional plane, but you can really exaggerate the stretch because you can force yourself back during the negative and pull yourself up with your glute. Now does that mean that all your training should be centered around bodyweight exercises that you can really control and isolate? No. Stop asking dumb questions. Even though they've cut a few dead asses open and found that your glute max fibers are anywhere from 52 to 68 percent type one fibers. Making the case that they would respond better to higher rev training. But there's a couple of problems with those studies. For one, we know that fiber types can transition. A competitive runner is going to have a completely different ass than a competitive power lifter. Second being, if you look at the case studies where they actually cut open these cadavers, they're kind of ridiculous. The one that determined your glute max was 52 percent type one fibers was done on six males, all of which being an average weight of 170 pounds. I'm sure there were adorable little men with ass cheeks like two little legs, but that's not us. And the other study that determined that 68 percent glute max fibers were type one. I'll just read you the title. Selective type two fiber muscular atrophy and patience with osteoarthritis of the hip. Why the fuck would that matter to me? Just from an anecdotal standpoint, look at this ass. It's a nine times power lifting state record holder and it didn't come from throwing on a glute band and walking side to side. It came from lifting heavy ass weight. Lifting heavy weight should be a part of your program. The best way to do that is with the hip thrust. It's phenomenal overloading those glutes, but even more important than that, it's incredible for isolating them as well. When I use the EMG device to test hip thrust, I found it's less about trying to tweak the form to make it even more out. Because they're just a nightly that good. As long as you don't turn your toes out, which is going to bring in your biceps from more. Roll walk your feet out too far, which brings your semi-tender noses and member noses and the two other hamstring muscles. Whatever the fuck you're called. Next up, let's talk about the red headed stepchild of all glute muscles. The glute meat. Do you have ginger by this? Okay, I have to use this stupid model to explain this because the swim pursuit doesn't have a glute meat on it. Your glute meat has anterior lateral and posterior fibers. Your anterior fibers help internally rotate the hip. Post your externally rotate, but when they all work in conjunction, they do one hell of a job at abducting the hip. So if we look at what happens when you're sitting in this position doing abduction, you're actually shortening the anterior fibers of your glute meat. And then at the same time, linking those posterior fibers. And reality, you're only working half the fucking muscle. You don't know where to get all those fibers working conjunction with each other on a machine like this. It's actually leaning back and forcing your hips up. And I know you hated doing this thing before. Now you got to force your hips up and have your little chode sticking out. It's only a matter of time for somebody walks by and flex it. Which brings it back to the original exercise. Sumo deadlifts. Now they're not phenomenal for the glute max, but they are phenomenal for the glute meat. As long as you're doing with the hip hinge focus. If you're doing more straight up and down like this, you end up getting more quad activation. Specifically VMO, it's still mostly glute meat, but it's a lot of quad for my liking. When you hinge your hip, you have a little limit of activation that comes from your quad and make it just a completely strict glute meat exercise. Better than any dumb abduction machine. And yes, this will all be implemented in the new program, which is live. Hence the reason I had a giant glue ass in the thumbnail. Also, she left her chalk, so that'll also be for sale. It smells like Christmas.