This is an EMG device. It's used to test muscle activation. Today we're going to use it to figure out what are the best tricep exercises that are actually backed by data. Science. Now before I started pinning exercises against each other to see which one is the best in terms of hitting each individual head, I thought I probably should start up by testing to see if everything we know about tricep training to be true is actually true. So I grabbed a rope extension through it on the cables and did rope extensions because we all know that those hit more lateral head than anything else. And they don't. The head mostly hits the long hand. Needless to say, I was a little bit upset. Fucking ball sack. I'm a little bit upset. I kind of lost. It's not a fucking fucking. Okay, I punted a beep. It just made me realize that everything I thought I knew in my entire lifting career was a lot. How many more lies are there? So today I'm not only going to figure out what's the best exercises for triceps, but I'm also going to go back through everything I've learned about tricep training and figure out. What's bullshit? Are dips a shit exercise? Is putting your tricep in a stretch position hit more long head or is that? Are the first $10 actually free? Winner for stone business. Let's find out. Hello, welcome to talk to me.com. Now before we get into anything else, I immediately have questions that I need answered when it comes to training with cables. I have to say, trying to figure this shit out is stressful. About halfway through, I had a midlife crisis and shaved off my beard. But I learned a lot. The biggest one being there is a way to make the rope extension emphasize the lateral head more, but it's not how I thought. Your long head is primed to jump in and take over at any point when your arm is by your side or beyond. So anywhere from zero degrees to whatever hell degrees this is. That's because the higher you raise your arm, the more you're putting that long head in the stretch position, priming it to generate force. Now because your long head passes both the shoulder and the elbow joint, you could purposely induce what is called active insufficiency. Which is just a fancy way of saying your long heads in a shortened position so it can't generate as great of a force. So your medial and lateral head have to do more work. So even with my short shitty rope, I was able to prove this by pulling my elbows back as much as I possibly could, putting that long head into shortened position and emphasize the lateral head more than anything else. So let's recap, arms by your side or slightly away from you, your long head tries to jump in and take over. Pull your arms behind you, you work more lateral head. But I was also curious what would happen if I didn't have such a shortened shitty rope. So I went to Home Depot, made an old man risk his life to cut me some rope and then I proceeded to scare my dog with Halloween decorations, then I came home and I tested it and yeah, slightly more. So if you have a longer rope at your gym and you want to hit your lateral head, that's probably what you should use. Or be a dickhead and use the only two ropes your gym has because I'm sure that girl can find something better to do than cable squats. I also found that the range of motion matters. The first two thirds of the movement, there's a fairly even distribution of force throughout all the heads of the tricep. But that last third is more isolated down to that lateral head. Even when my arms out in front of me and I'm using what I consider an excessive amount of weight to do a partial movement, I can't even barely keep my form still lateral head. So the next time I go to the gym and I see a guy training triceps with the entire stack using everything from his calves to his traps to get the weight down, I'm gonna say, hey, I guess they're right. Big dumb idiots while loud and usually smell like shit because they don't wear deodorant can still serve a purpose. And I know you may question my results, but let me just say I did a shit load of testing. And after I tested with every single handle, even the dumb ones, this is what I learned. Straight bar with an overhand grip, no surprise, mostly long head. What was a surprise was my alarm going off to tell me to take the trash out to the street yesterday. Also that if you want one of the best moments for your long head, any other shoulder flexibility, taking a reverse grip of that straight bar is amazing. And after I made a graveyard of cable attachments, I found out that while the first two thirds of a robo extension might be an even distribution of force throughout the heads, not the case with the straight bar. If you isolated down to the first initial part of the contraction that first third or even first quarter of the movement, it's all long head. So again, shout out to all those big dumb idiots of the gym that lift weight to heavy and barely move the weight. Turns out you guys matter. And if you're somebody that likes to use an easy bar attachment, you should take a wide reverse grip because it has the same exact activation pattern. As if you take a pronated close grip, it hits that medial then long, then lateral head. But you're able to generate even more force with that wide reverse grip. Now when it comes to tricep press downs, which I think are kind of dumb. You have to use so much weight, you're feeling your abs more than anything else. There is something interesting there. The wider your hands go, the more it hits your lateral head. We're gonna use that information later. Now time for the good stuff. We're gonna pit exercises against each other to see which ones are actually the best. Not based upon what some douchebag told you, we're gonna look at the numbers. I don't know why I'm up here. That was dumb. I don't know, I kinda like it. And I'm old school. There's no March man is bracket. I'm from the air that when you sort fought with a kid now, the elementary school, the loser had to drop out of school. His parents had to move. So this is a one-in-done. That is shit, street on my face. First up, cable straight bar push downs. Versus the dip variation I'm gonna do on the Smith machine. Between these two, it's a tough call. In terms of limiting long head activation and getting more out of your lateral head, then the dip variation is a clear winner. But it really comes down to what you believe is the most important in terms of growth. If you believe you should fully stretch and relax the muscle each time before you contract, then you should do press downs. And if you think that's dumb and who gives a shit, it's just time under tension, then do the dip variation. Because it is an uglier contraction. That lateral head's also trying to stabilize the entire time, so you don't fall in your face. But it is a more intense one. Even though you're gonna look like an asshole and if somebody asks you if you're using the Smith machine, you have to say, of course I am jerk off. I'm obviously doing dips on it. It's not a great luck. Next up, we have good old fashioned dips, versus close grip pushups. This one's an easy one. You can tell just by looking at the signals themselves, which one's more intense. Close grip pushup looks tough, fairly good contraction. Dips, holy hell. The next sword fight is between a close grip bench with your elbows tucked in. Versus a close grip bench with your elbows flared out. This one to me was surprising. For instance, this isn't a contraction. This is me lowering the weight during a negative, but randomly certain muscles have to jump in and contract, just to stabilize the weight. And this happened with both variations. Random heads would jump in and contract, as I was going into the negative to help stabilize. So it was a tough choice. But because the contract was more intense with the tuck version, and because the signal of the elbows flared version looked like hot garbage, tuck is a clear winner. The next P to P is a dumbbell French press, versus an easy bar French press. Oh, stuck. Both were pretty great, but I'm going to go with the dumbbell version because it lit up your long head more than most every other exercise I've tried. Also because I said screw it and try to go really heavy and it did what you might expect. It definitely got a more intense contraction on the long head, but I don't know what the hell the medial and lateral head were doing. It were basically just sitting there shaking like hell trying to stabilize the weight. So the lesson is, yes, if you go heavier, you're going to get a more intense contraction, but you'll also fuck everything up. And then finally, we have a dumbbell kickback, versus the cable variation. Let's just take a second and thank all the douchebags who said that the long head is the most active during this movement because it's clearly not. On both variations, it's the least. And I know somebody doesn't say, well, it's because you didn't twist your wrist or you didn't do a reverse grip. I try those two. Both suck. At the end of the day, cables get the most intense contraction, so they win. But in reality, we all lose because we thought it was the long head getting the most work out of these. We suck. And if you liked this video, make sure you buy one of the programs linked below because surprisingly, a lot of this shit is in there, like partial reps. It's kind of dumb luck, but good job me.