Today we're using EMG machine to test different bicep exercises. Why is that important? Why should you even care? Well, have you ever done a cross-body hammer curl? Most people do these for the breaky alas. Turns out it's actually a horrible exercise for the breaky out. Harsely, because every time I do, I end up running into my overly developed chest. But also because when I tested it with the EMG machine, I ended up getting more activation of the long head and short head, we're going to go over all the exercises you've been basically wasting your time with and it will blow your f***ing mind. It seemed like everything I thought I knew once I tested it, turned out to be a lot. For example, it's common knowledge that incline curl hits more long head, because you're putting it in a stretch position. The fact that it crossed over shoulder, elbow joint, short head breaky alas only crossed over the elbow joint, it makes sense. That is not what happened. It's the f***ing worst. Turns out it's a battle between your breaky alas and your short head to see which one it can generate the most force. Really? What the f***? My first thought is there's no way this machine's accurate. I can't be the first doucebag to spin as money on a machine like this with a superficial goal of hypertrophy and test this and figure this out, something's wrong. Because otherwise my entire training career has been a f***ing log. Seriously, Google had it trained a long head. When the first results is always an incline dumbbell curl. And I tested it. I tested every single angle you could use on the bench. I tested the cable variation. I even had an overly muscular woman come in and verify my results. And it sucks. And this racked my brain. It doesn't make sense. It should work. You're putting that bicep in a stress position long head. It wasn't until I found this case study that I finally understood. How dumb we all are. It has been done before. And they found the same exact thing. The reason they said the incline dumbbell curl was poor in terms of long head activation is because it stretches it beyond the optimal length, leading to inefficient act in myus and coupling. Now is the science perfect? No. In fact, someone made an adorable cartoon video explaining how imperfect it is. And there's some things I agree with, but some things I definitely don't. One thing I do agree with is an EMG. This device doesn't actually measure muscle activation in measures neuromuscular excitation. But this is without a doubt the best tool we have in regards to measurement. To discard this is to discredit tens of thousands of studies. And assume there's some sort of dysfunction between the signal being said. And the muscle actually contracting. I can't control whether or not you took your flint stone vitamins. Now you're sodium potassium pump is off. And the reason I chose this exact machine is how precise it is. You can actually measure the different levels of excitability throughout the same muscle. Why is that important? Because not all exercises are created equal. And most would generate different levels of torque throughout the muscle. At various points through the range of motion. Therefore, exciting those nerve cells that are throughout your muscle with varying levels of intensity. Here's a good example. I put a sensor towards the distal and proximal end of my short hand towards the bottom and the top. This is the sensor placed at the bottom. This one is the one placed at the top. When I did a supinated bicep curl, I got a greater response and potentially greater contractile force out of the fibers at the lower end of my short head. But when I did concentration curls, I actually created a greater response and would potentially generate a greater contractile force in those fibers at the proximal end. Now does this mean you should go knock on the door of everybody who said that concentration curls are a bad exercise and put your shine a little tea bag on their forehead? Maybe. What it tells me more than anything else is that exercise variability is critical. If you don't know what to do, do a lot of things. Especially when you consider the fact that it's several of these tests on this particular one. I did the supination curl and then went right in the concentration curl. And even with fatigue factored in, I got more activation out of the upper end that proximal end of my short hand. And even though it's not a one-to-one between excitability and activation, you can't tell me that having less excitability is a fucking good thing. Another argument that drove me crazy that I saw a lot of people making is they said that incline curls were actually a great exercise. And despite of the fact that they put your long head at a disadvantage, it's because you're not factoring in passive tension. In layman's terms, it's when you stretch. You know the shit you did in elementary school P class when you cross one leg over the other and you leaned forward and you got a wiff of your own balls. That's the building blocks of an incredible exercise. Now this is what we're going to blow at the o-ring of that theory. Now I am a fan of weighted stretches and the last full gym program I just put out the end of every back and just day. We ended it with a 60 second extreme stretch under load. But they can't be the foundation of your training. If that was a case then you would just sit on the incline bench, grab a heavy ass weight and lower it for 10 minutes straight and then hold that stretch. The goal is active tension. That's what the fuck we're doing. When you think of high cable curls, you think short-hand activation, which is true when your elbows are forward. But the moment you exaggerate that external rotation and put that long head on stretch, but not to the point and actually inhibit activation like it does with the incline curl. You've now based upon EMG data, got the most activation on your long head and have that passive stretch that everybody seems to be in love with. So for me, this exercise, basically, when all the testing I've done is the best exercise for your long head. So go fuck yourself. Now let's go over what I found to be the best exercise for targeting your breaky Alice. And just so we're clear and you understand why I picked this exercise. In my opinion, if your goal is to build muscle then you should be trying to isolate down to whatever muscle you're targeting as much as humanly possible. This machine maybe relies exactly how hard it is to do that. Dammit, I blinked. Previously, I thought it was as simple as just rotating your wrist. You want to hit more short head, you take a supinated grip. Long head's neutral, prone it to his more breaky Alice. But it turns out it's a lot more complicated than that because you also have to factor in internal and external rotation of your shoulder, as well as the position of your body in relation to gravity. So good luck. But you can definitely do it, especially when you're trying to target your breaky Alice. We take a proneated grip and do a concentration curl. It almost completely turns off the activation to your long and short head. And the breaky Alice is the primary driver of the movement. And I always thought that reverse grip straight bar curls were predominantly breaky Alice, not the case. And it makes sense more you think about it because those shoulders are internally rotated and you have a proneated grip, you end up inhibiting that short head. And because you're curling up on a path that is directly in line with your long head, this actually based on all the tests I've done so far ends up being the second best exercise I've found for your long head. So to recap, the best way to really isolate down and target breaky Alice is by pairing the pronation of your wrist with the internal rotation of your shoulder. So exercises like a concentration curl with a pronated grip or that same grip with the cross body cable curl with your arm fixed against the machines. Background looks like I died. In my attempt to try to isolate the short head, I started to realize what finicky little pieces of shit those bicep muscles are because they're all trying to work and you're in this into the same job. So you really have to manipulate your form. For example, the best exercise I found is when I jam my arm up to a bench that was on a steep incline and did dumbbell curls. But I also had to make sure the elbow is slightly in front of me and I put that shoulder in external rotation because the moment I turn back in, I got more long head activation. And it had to be a supinated grip because the moment I started screw with my wrist, weird shit would happen. Also the support and angle of this bench matters because if you try to do it just standing in place, the other bicep muscles jump in and ruin your life. Now, there's still so much we can cover just with biceps alone, but I'm going to leave it up to you guys. If you think this is interesting and it adds value, we'll keep going. If you don't like what amounts to the home schooled version of scientific training, then we'll move on. And don't get mad at me. If you're home schooled, that was your mom's dumb idea. Quick, what's the capital of Arkansas? All the programs are linked below. Again, 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks, pretty damn simple. The tricep version of this video will be somewhere over here. And if anybody knows someone that does drywall, that's not a piece of shit, that would be helpful.