This is me. And this is me working out. Which probably doesn't look all that different from the way you look when you work out. I wear mismatch Costco socks, make awkward noises, and I push myself to the point of almost dying with every set. But what if I told you we're doing it wrong? What? Potentially. Instead of ending the set with a concentric contraction and rocking, wait whenever possible, go into the east centric and hold that stretch for an extended period of time. Sounds crazy, but there's some merit to it. The concept is called Intercept stretching. Instead of resting after your set, you go right into a loaded stretch. And I don't know where I first heard about this concept, but I think it's fascinating because we'll do anything to kick our own ass. Drop set, super said, giant set. But I've never thought about using stretching as one of the primary ways to induce hypertrophy. See if you can see my thick wife baking in there. And before anybody freaks out and says, I thought stretching before and during your workout was bad. Decreases force output could cause potential injury. Yeah, stretching before can be detrimental. If it's passive, which by definition is when you're focused on muscle and tendon flexibility and overall joint mobility. Think of it as a relaxed muscle at length. A loaded stretch, which is what we're talking about here is when your simultaneously lengthening and contracting a muscle while under load. If we look at it at the microscopic level, the good old mouse and actin scissors sisters, you're going to see that during a passive stretch, there's very little interaction. So it's easier to overstretch a muscle, cause damage to the fibers and connective tissue. Now, in the other hand, when the muscles contracted while stretching, those miles and heads are still interacting with those actin filaments, generating force and tension, tension. I can barely speak. I don't know how I do this for a living, especially. Now, it's critical you go into the loaded stretch after your last eccentric. There can't be any lag or rest in between. And the reason behind that has to do with... It has to do a tight and stiffness in the crossbridge theory. It gets a little sciencey, but it's important to know. Yeah. Yeah. But before we continue today is a big day. Potentially the biggest day of my life. Beg her than any picture day or the day I married my thick wife. Today's the day I stopped being one of the pores who wiped their ass by using primitive means, and I got myself a bedday. And believe me, this was no easy decision. I spent weeks comparing models looking at different features, but you know what sold me? Chris fucking Valentine's glorious review. And I quote, I almost blew it an o-ring from 2am Chinese food, and for the first time my life I didn't have to hop in the shower and waffle stopped the rest of the shame away. That's... That's beautiful. Technically this is my first ever tech review on this channel. So let's go through some of the features and see what this bad boy can do. Man, does this company know its target market? How do I know this is perfectly designed for the man who takes the explosive shit? Well, the sprayer itself will actually turtle itself back inside that way it doesn't get caked with shit. It's genius. Spent the entire day doing yard work? That's alright. Just click the front button and it'll take the cheese right off your goot. Maybe you want a little bit nostalgia in your life. Trip down memory lane. Well, let's take it back to high school football that nice fresh cut grass and the sprinklers. You can have that for your butt hole. Not bad. Gone are the days of hoarding Costco toilet paper because now you have a fan for your ass. I guess the only thing left to do now is... Not bad. Not bad. Not bad. Who? Things got a bit of a kick. Well, not got a little out of hand. Where was I? Tighten a giant protein within the sarcomer which is the smallest function of Unidivomassified. Replace a roll in the landing the mouse and acting as well as stiffness of the muscle. Think of it like a spring within the sarcomer. The stiffness of the tighten increases as the muscles being stretched. Parade that with the contracted or loaded stretch. Now you've enhanced mechanical tension which we know is the driving force for muscle high Perch. You guys care about this for a weekend to scientific. Comment below. The crossbridge theory explains how during a contraction or way that stretch the mouse and head still in the rack of the act in filaments. Generating force and tension and contributing to time and attention. It's kind of a big deal. And pair that with the fact they've done studies where people take a break and then do a loaded stretch and there is no benefit in terms of hypertrophy. That's why you got to do it right after your last e-centre. Now I'm a giant toddler. So the first thing I did when I heard about this concept was using on everything. After for the back exercise I do dead hangs. After chest presses I try to tear my chest apart. Try steps. You name. The problem is the research just doesn't support training like that. The study that saw a significant improvement in terms of hypertrophy is one where they took a group of men. And how to do planar flexion exercises. Calf raises. Half rested. The other half went right into a 20 second weighted stretch. Once it did the stretch saw a significant improvement. Not in their gastroke. Nothing happened there. In the soleis. Which is awesome because I would love to have some Asian calves. And this is interesting finding because the soleis is mostly a slow twitch or Type 1 fiber must meaning that it produces low power contractions over a long period of time. Air roll bake fatigue resistant. Which makes sense for walking around on a mall day. They're also typically really resistant type perchrophy. So this could be a breakthrough. It's finally get those Midwestern mom calves. Now I've got nothing better to do with my life. So many continued to test this on different body parts across different exercises. But if you wanted to be on the safe side and line up with the research. Do it on muscles that you think are predominantly full of type 1 fibers. Now that's mostly genetic has to do a training style. But for the most part those are posture muscles. So the soleis is good one. But maybe you have really little legs. I don't know you're a door. Can you rent cross country half your life. If you have little quads this might be worth a test. What do you have to lose? They already suck. If you're curious about the exact protocol the first thing you do is pick and exercise that it's safe to do it on. See the calf raises is a great option because once you're done you don't have to flex it back up. You can just let it slide off your knees and rack itself. And this is something you're going to do after every single set. So say you have four sets here. Yeah, it's a pin in the ass. You have to pick it up off the ground and re-rack it. But again, it's worth a shot. And in terms of the amount of time you should hold the stretch. The research says anywhere from 20 to 30 seconds. It doesn't sound like a lot. But just holding this now and I haven't done this set yet. This sucks. I'll be sure to give it up in a couple of months and as always program is a link below 30 days, 20 videos, 20 bucks. Fuck. Whatever. Screw this. I'm going to go wash my ass again.