Alright, today we're going to go over whether or not zero calorie foods actually affect your ability to lose fat. Let's get after it. So, I thought this would be a fun, quick, and insightful video to make because we've all been there before. You're dieting, you're starving, and you're about this close to punch somebody in the neck. Good news is, nowadays there's a lot of low and no calorie options that will help you fill that void. She don't run over somebody with your car. Problem is, there's a lot of good options, a lot of bad ones that leave you bloated, uncomfortable, and some that will literally make you piss out of your ass. So, let's break it down. Let's start with my favorite diet soda. Because I'm sure you've had this experience before where you go with your friends, even though you're on a strict diet, you know you're not going to eat, but you're trying to be a good friend. And to keep your sanity your order of diet coke, and that one friend that everybody actually hates pipes up and says, you know, those are actually worse for you than regular soda. They cause cancer. Now, deep down inside, you know they're wrong, just based upon their fat little chubby face, but you've never done the research, so you can't really verbalize why. So you just go with the reliable, and one cares what you think, Kevin, and I couldn't either. So I dug in. Here's the truth. The fear they want you to feel deep down in your plums actually isn't for asthma payments, what it breaks down into specifically, methanol. Now, the issue with methanol is it metabolizes in a known carcinogen from aldehyde, but our bodies produce a thousand times more from aldehyde than you could ever get from asthma tame. And it can't be stored up in your body. It's used in a ton of different processes. And whatever you don't use, you piss out. Here's a good quote to remember. There's been no reliable studies that link asthma tame to cancer. You know, said that. Those tricky bastards over at cancer.org. Can't be trusted. So the next time Kevin pipes up, relay that to him. And maybe sprinkle in a little bit of it. You know, it has been linked together. I threw those corn syrup and your chubby ass cheeks. IE diabetes. And the verdict would die, so it is. It's perfectly safe and effective way to fight those hunger pains that make you want to kill everybody. Next up on the list, low calorie vegetables. And never fails. You mentioned vegetables and then somebody jumps in the comments and says, all vegetables are good for you. Sure, they are. Go eat a bowl of peas and take an app. There's actually a lot of great low calorie options when it comes to vegetables. But choose wisely because if you have a re-t and raw broccoli, then you've also spent the rest of your night repeatedly checking your own oil. Trying to release some of that painful gas. That's because broccoli is most asparagus, cauliflower, and quite a few other vegetables are cruciferous vegetables, which have raffinocene, which is a sugar that our body doesn't have the enzyme to break down. So you can't just lightly steam those and expect not to have a lot of fat. And expect not to feel like you're dying. You have to steam those vegetables for a significant amount of time to help break down that sugar, or by digestive enzyme that has alpha. Galactosides. And it. But your best bet is probably staying away from those and sticking to the low calorie green vegetables that everybody can handle. Your pickles and cucumbers. Vertic is on low calorie vegetables. Good and effective, but choose wisely because you can replace that hunger pain with actual pain. All right, lastly, let's go over the more explosive zero calorie options. You've got your Walden farms like sludgy, dressings and surups and your magic noodles. The Walden farms is made with xantham gum, which is actually used as a laxative. And the sure talk of your magic noodles is a soluble fiber that's incredibly absorbent. And it can expand 50 times its size as it passes through your digestive tract. So both of them are going to make you pee out of your butt. And as much as I'd like to say the verdict is they're awful for you. Truthfully, they're not going to really affect your dieting because eventually you're going to get tired. It pissing out of your ass and you're going to stop taking them. But in moderation, they're perfectly fine. So what did we learn today? First, no one gives a shit with Kevin. Thanks. Second diet. So it's fine. Just make sure caffeine intake doesn't get out of control. Third, choose your vegetables wisely. Finally, Walden farms makes one hell of a laxative. But it's okay. And if you need help kicking your ass, I'll leave the links to the programs below. Both of them only 20 bucks and they will absolutely kick your ass. And if you need to unfat yourself, I'd watch this video. But most importantly, subscribe, hit that notification bell and get after you get growing. Don't do so.