All right, today we're going over why your arms aren't grown because when it comes to other body parts, I'm open to being wrong. But when it comes to training arms, this is absolutely the best way. Let's get after it. So I wanted to make this video for a couple of reasons because one, I still have a lot of people that reach out and say, hey, I love your arm videos, but exactly how many seconds should we rest between each set? Should I be kind of my breath? What brand to stopwatch the use? So I'll give you a clear and specific answer to those. And the second thing is, which I'm sure you've had happened to you, whatever reason you walk into the gym and you just destroy yourself and have an incredible workout. Now, usually that's fueled by some sort of tragedy in your life, like you lost your job or you find another man's in the fucking your wife's purse, but for me, I just started that first set of arms and I thought, wait a minute, this is not what they respond best too. I can train other body parts this way and get some growth out of them, but I know my arms, most people I've ever trained in the past, respond to a ridiculously painful pump. What I mean by that is you got to collapse time. Typically when you're done with the set, you drop the weight, rest of the second, maybe swipe some people, text, whatever. I'm arguing that with arms, do the exact opposite. The more you limit your rest, the more growth you're going to get. For instance, if it takes you 30 minutes to train arms, I'm not only expecting to train them in 20 minutes, but get in more volume as well. And this is where the questions come in. If you're doing that many different exercises and basically you're not resting at all, how do you track progress? It really depends on what you consider progress. If that's lifting a certain amount of weight and slowly increasing that over time, then yeah, you're not going to make progress. But for me, that's not an important factor. I rather go off, is the muscle growing and am I walking out of the gym with some sort of a prior pessimistic of the arms. And before I go over exactly how it's structured my workouts to get the most amount of volume in the shortest time possible, I thought you guys would make a good test audience because I shot a rise at last week. And I'm never quite sure if I go too far with my joke, so you'd be the judge. Last year was tough on us all, but this year's going to be different. And it starts by hitting the gym. Turns out it's going to be harder than you thought. Apparently, in today's day and age, it's illegal to go to the gym. I think we need to start using code words. It would your plans later do. You want to go to the gym? I mean, liquor store, casino. I'm going to go burn down a target. That's what here at Rise. We decided we're sending everybody a free sample of our best selling and strongest pre-workout. Just click the link below. We're going to rise subs.com slash free, pitching a couple of bucks for shipping, and we'll send that to you ASAP. Because we know exactly how hard it is to stay motivated and work at it home. Starts off great, but... Or maybe you're thinking, that's not working. Instead, I'll go for a nice run. Oh, you didn't hear? That's also illegal. Now you're not just running to improve your overall health and fitness. Now you're running to avoid being arrested and a $5,000 fine. Why are we doing this? Because we think we have the best pre-workout in the market. We know if you try it, you'll think so too. Just go check out our website and see the hundreds of five-star reviews. Now, keep in mind, we feel to have the really bad ones because those are from the same people that try to eat the salt packets that come inside the supplements. So click the link below. We're going to rise subs.com slash free and get your sample today. So a thought process and structuring on an arm day is you want to take yourself out of the equation because given the chance to rest, you will. That's why giant sets are a great option. And if you think I can't do four consecutive exercise for Biceps, you're just going to blow up and you need to build up to that, then don't. You're not limited to it. It's just a giant set in name. You can actually do two Biceps exercises, two Tri-Saps are alternate back and forth. The idea is you're just pushing a ton of blood and not giving yourself a chance to rest. There's one specific style of set that is starting to do anything but walk away when you're done. And that's Drop-Sets. So much blood and pain that muscle that all you want to do is kick the person next to you in the back of the head. But assuming you're like most people in your triceps or stronger than your Biceps, you can use that to your advantage and screw yourself on purpose. So you can start up by doing a Drop-Set with triceps and that weight you end with will be that starting weight for your ascending set of Biceps and then you're just going back and forth until something horrible happens. If you're thinking this is a little too intense for me. You got anything you start me out with that has some training wheels on it? Absolutely. In that case, I would do unilateral work where you take the rest out in between. So for instance, you're doing a single arm bicep curl, hit that left arm and then go to that right arm and then keep going back and forth for everybody sets you to find. It's three four sets and there's no rest until you're done with the exercise. In all reality, even that's going to probably make you rest less than you normally would. Because usually you'll hit that left arm, right arm, look around, scratch yourself, left arm, right arm, pick your f***. Don't feel like this video. Here's my two favorites. One for biceps, one for triceps, but most importantly, make sure you subscribe, hit that notification bell. And if you want that rise deal, I'll leave a link in probably the first comment. You can get after you get growing. Talk to you soon.