Dude man like he tore up my legs right I'm not even gonna have to walk I can feel it to save it there All right guys, I am here with another Youngen Julian Fitzgerald and I'm very excited to say he survived the leg workout So if you haven't seen the leg workout yet you definitely want to go check that out Workout one with shoulders workout two was legs workout three is gonna be today Which is going to be back and how's the leg workout man? It sucks like oh my gosh. I'm so feeling Everything in my legs and I go out. That was that was tough But I'm excited because you know, not know what I got to put in and I'm willing to put it in You know I've able to see like what it costs and so it's definitely something that You know I'll get used to and I'm really glad that we're able to put myself to that because you know I'm hurting so you know no pain no gain so yeah We're teaching him where the threshold of pain really is He used to be out here now or moving that bar up so that he can understand that he's got to push past that point of the basic burn Because that's Where you want to be that's where you want to live you want to live on those winning reps those winning sets because if you're just going to like Discomfort and a bit of burn that's what I'm gonna take you so far and again Already with his God-given genetics. It's amazing But how much better can that be if we can ramp everything up a notch? So today we're gonna go ahead get our pre-workout in we're gonna do again another 3D day new flavor Also mixed with the glycerol solution the EEPAQ mixing that up synergistic effect nitric oxide with hyperhydration of the glycerol That's why it works so well together if you haven't had a chance to try it yet You absolutely want to check it out and now live on ebgintrition.com We got all the new flavors and let's get that rolling and then we're gonna go ahead and start off with the first exercise Which is basic pull-ups and then we're gonna get to the rows and all the other Definitely doing some really cool stuff on the penata equipment today So let's have a good time. So what's up guys? Very excited to announce that I finally getting ready to launch my own FST 7 transformation challenge. It's going to be a six week transformation challenge and the winner will receive $5,000. That's right $5,000 to the winner with the biggest transformation. It's open to men and women of all ages It's gonna be a six weeks challenge. You're gonna be able to get all the information on the FST 7 app to be the best version of yourself Very excited. This is my first transformation challenge. It's gonna be August 11 that we're gonna be kicking it off So make sure you go to honeyrambaud.com for all the information Can not wait to see your photos and seeing if you're gonna be the best version of yourself So that's full of cherry ice. That's that pull or you guys kind of like white white White Gatorade on steroids Let it yeah, you got a little drip you got a little drip drip because it's extra sticky Ikey Yeah All right you guys know I got a throwing the jad jokes You know I don't got a sea bomb here to talk shit This one won't blow up in my face No, no, that's the only Patriot five Great good bro. Yeah, okay. I do answer you bro Yeah It's good. I'm gonna miss the taste of some really weird shit before because every time you drink it Wow, this is really good. No, I don't really And I really took pre-workout because my dad wouldn't let me oh and so I just grew up just listening to music It's just that was the way I'll get myself hooked up Got you And so like now I'm taking a pre-workout. It's like it's not Yeah, but even then it's still like that because humans are habitual creatures So even then like I wouldn't go out of my way to take pre-workout What I have it is like okay, that's pretty good. Yeah, so remember guys when you're doing a non-stim pre-workout like a VP 3D What are you trying to get out of it? You're trying to create extra blood flow again just like I'm a huge blood For flow coach. I love blood flow FST 7's built around blood flow The products are built around blood flow Especially when you're doing no caffeine and you're also mixing with glycerol because you're gonna get that hyperhydration Which is gonna keep that muscle fullness way beyond even the middle of your workout You're gonna feel it towards the end even afterwards where you keep more muscle fullness when you use the EVPA cube So the 3D is gonna help you with focus without the use of caffeine without the use of your hymby like there is in extreme So if you're a caffeine guy, we have that for you as well But if you're printing at night right now. It's 515 in the evening So you don't want to use caffeine three use the way to go good Good Good for Good All right, so all right, so I'm gonna address a couple of questions from YouTube so you guys go ahead feel free to throw your questions in comments in to the YouTube We're gonna be going out there scouring them and one of the questions I had is am I going to be able to focus on his arms more? Absolutely not we want to actually Deemphasize he loves training arms because that's this favorite body part But we're gonna actually deemphasize it because again super super dominant He's gonna get arms would training back You're gonna have that undoing pull downs doing rows all the ancillaries kicking in It's a very dominant body part already So we don't have to go crazy because it builds even more imbalance We're trying to do the opposite. We're trying to build balance So what we're doing is we're gonna try to thicken up that chest We're gonna widen up those shoulders to fill in those arms again. It's gonna be a task It's not gonna happen overnight But it is going to eventually he's gonna get there and we're gonna try to widen the back and thicken the back So and we are trying to really focus right now on being able to use good form and work on being able to go a little slower on the E-centric which is on the way down as you've seen in the last videos He was going really quickly on the way up very explosive very football ask when you're going in and training a football Everything is about power. It's about you know really contact now We're trying to do is we're working time under tension because now we're bodybuilding Good keep it going 6 good you got 10 You got three more One so this is how you spot on this Two good good one more Okay, now I'm gonna give him a little bit more help them down slowly and you're gonna go up. I'm gonna help you up Good that was just a little bit of health slow slow one more. I'm gonna give him a little more help Hold it now hold it. I'm gonna let go you're gonna slow hold it hold it hold it. There you go So what I did was I gave him negatives at the very end of that so what does that mean? I'm giving him all of the positive help on that last set So it was about 70% me pushing that shit But I'm up there. I'm getting a little bit of a shoulder workout But then allowing him to use that e-centric in that negative so we can get more even more time under tension to help him grow You enjoy watching it get tortured Yo yo, I'm so I think this He's not used to working this. It's it's 80 Every workout on any may just torch your rug. I like it though. This is what needs to be so let me ask you this true or false Do you believe that I only pushed you to 30% scuro said I pushed you only 30% yeah false false I feel like Yeah, I don't I don't think now how do you those 30% I Can see it being late maybe that is true. It was only a 30% workout because we did extensions Then we did very very light hamstring curls I think you only did about 60 70 pounds so again very very light didn't do any Forst reps didn't do any negatives didn't do any FST 7 sets on and on hamstring then we went over to Leg Squash he did a good job on that very strong squat because that's what he's used to doing But then when he went on leg press he got buried with two plates on each side how to do one and again No extras when it came to anything with Intensity multipliers it means no partials nothing else that we went out of our way to really push him past the point Because he was just gonna get buried anyways So now what would we have done different to get him to 57 a hundred percent would have been walking lunges We would have been doing a Smith machine squat something along those lines being able to do something possibly Hacks squat you know will do another hamstring exercise Something low though on those lines and then pushing them a lot harder and going all that heavier So for those of you that are wondering whether or not he's natural a lot and why I do believe that he is natural is because Again notice respect, but he is not very strong He's got a pretty good strong squat, but when you were doing shoulder press 50 pound dumbbells kind of that was it when he's doing a lot of the other exercises Not going super super heavy when you're taking drugs guys You naturally with one of the first things that goes up is your strength That's why believe they're not I do believe he's natural Looking at his blood work not just myself, but a lot of other experts who've seen it But also knowing what I know in the gym right and turning around and one of the things that do Hyper you know people especially with great arms that he respond when taking drugs is through the shoulders Right the shoulders tend to grow Fastest in the most but again We're trying to keep him natural for as long as possible that is the game plan So that he can be able to maximize his genetic potential again naturally with proper nutrition proper training taking supplements and Making sure that we get the most out of them. This is one of the reasons why I show people these When you have amazing genetics You have stand out body parts, but you're usually strong when you take drugs and no offense You're you got a long ways to go to start getting stronger even naturally But being getting buried with 50 pound dumbbells on shoulder press is not one of them one Good great range of motion. He's getting a good stretch the last restaurant to really flare good keep going Good way in 205 pounds doing pull ups go go good Good Good Go Three more three more go one you got this two more two more with me up Two good I'm with you drive it all the way Right there now slow slow. I'm gonna let go you go slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow Good job This is like Disneyland for those that want to get swol Is necessary but look we got it man. We got it Five years Let me go fly by I'm sure actually probably won because you got to be there every single workout Hey how are those legs more yes? Geez Yes, he's our sewer. We're we feeling it. We feel it honestly Every time I take a step it feels like my hands shrink is like gone crazy And it any I can't go beyond parallel like me just doing this. I'm gonna extreme pain so Ben your knees a little bit Yeah, that yeah, can you go lower? Lower like I'm a like lower that right there is like the legs that's the max yeah, go lower. I'm a just Yeah Yeah, all right All right, okay, we're going to failure with this. Yeah, okay. This is it your warm duck I'm used to these are like this do this come on cross your legs there you just like that Good Good Two Good stretch and pull that's it Good Good job good job go Good right you got three go One Again two How are you? Right there slow I'm gonna let go you're slow slow slow slow slow slow all the way to a good stretch Okay, only the difference I would have made was that the last one stretch all the way down and stay in the Hanging position. Okay, so look my feet up a little bit exactly Ben your knees lift your feet up Okay, yeah, that was good. Yeah, I'm sure you these last time, man I know sure around let's see you back a little bit. So come on. Oh, these are let's see Boom if you notice we're we're teaching him is to supernate the wrist properly So you can get the peak right so we're getting that peak going hold that hold that pull those lats out good getting a little pump going five seconds four three Two Good job there you go I know some my front level by two Some like a work on is a lats in those lats out to get that X shape like he on Yeah, yeah, yeah, he has got freaking be tapered. I thought like a little zat on one that was Like a little tazes. That was awesome. All right, let's do the next exercise We're gonna go ahead and we're gonna go over to the rows. There you go Come on big dog Let's do it So you did arms are earlier today, huh? You couldn't help yourself. Yeah, I do it Yeah, all right, so what you do is we're gonna tuck this in There you go. All right, yep Okay, so we're gonna go wide for the first set see how you feel Good good Good Good keep going All right good you're reduce even looks like a little girl. It grew a little bit go keep going good good Excellent three more one two three good job Excellent all right guys, so I was alluding to is the rear del so his rear del right here bringing elbow back right in there that actually Feel this is like hyper responder, right? So his rear del is actually grown even from the last time we did shoulders They look like they're just a little fuller already So now he's got a good pump coming in but he also didn't have as much fullness as he did last week So it's gonna be interesting see how fast he's gonna progress Being now that we're putting proper nutrition in him and again you got you were You were a little bit of legs man yeah, yeah, see the like like I know y'all go I know y'all gonna be hating on that video. It's cool. It's cool, right? It's cool. It's cool. It's like Y'all go see how fast the legs grow and I want to see I don't know here nothing in here man When they blow up some of them oh he took this he took that no Y'all saw it from the jump so yeah Let's get him yeah Is that simple already now y'all gonna be hating rest okay It's okay two four Six just a little slow run the way back that's better control it good great breathing good Good two more pull one more Up good job. Okay again talking about the strength Obviously with somebody's taking gear Jim but at least three plates on there maybe four or more right doing a plate a quarter is because again That's Natti now is he gonna grow he'll still grow because he's got great genetics But the key is to learn how to be able to put the right macros and you get enough protein So that he can be able to build a really good base so that he can eventually grow Week to week by being able to add more weight slowly Right so you again you'll put another ten or another quarter on and then he'll get stronger as he goes But anybody else who's taking gear who's been taking gear for any poor time knows that This is a super lightweight all right so how much do you rest between sets during a warmup about a minute In between sets when during working sets closer to two even two and a half on those really heavy sets Because we're not trying to go to fatigue We're trying to go to failure so take your time on the heavy working sets between those sets So that you can rest properly. They're good now pull good stretch and pull good stretch more Round the back and stretch good That's it and then bring those elbows back good think of the round it round it like a cobra Is it more more like that and then pull good? It's round it good there you go and then pull excellent now did in pool there you go In pool good again Two more two more you got the foot Good now one more and help you up right there and I'll slow slow slow slow slow Good job Good now what do you do with your wrists there? That's what you do with them peak good Good want to peek him good Good good don't bring him so close to your head bring your hands a little further out You're right there right there good just like that good We're gonna try to keep widening the back thickening it They can even the traps the rhomboids really creating a really good turtle shell So that way when his back is going through quarter turns at some point He's gonna have that three dimensionality that he's missing right now. Let's roll last it on this Make it work exercise number two last set T bar rose Nero grip neutral grip Pull in a stretch good and pull control that's it to good Good Good Good time to get that back to girl. Let's go good Squeeze keep going good you got four more one good go Two Go three one more one more. I'll help you find you too Hold it right there right there right there now hold it and let go I'm gonna let go slow slow slow slow There you go Woo You just sleep for a week Now even the shoulders they just started come out and see it let's see the front door bicep on that Boom that's your favorite one right there it loves that front door bicep Yeah, it's it you know it's funny somebody in the comments is like He's coming to him peaks 20 peaks and I was that's funny because I use it. I love that restaurant Some of these is in twin peaks like a hooters It's something like that yeah, yes your mom and dad let's you go to twin peaks I don't go there off You added yourself I did I out of myself But I just met like the food is good Yeah, the food was good all right so we just got to exercise two so we did two variants of pull-ups for exercise one Exercise two we did a couple of variants of the T bar row We went wide we went a little bit narrower and then we went with a neutral grip almost like a V bar On the Pinota T bar now what we're doing is we're gonna go ahead and we're gonna use one of the other Pinota pieces of equipment something that he's never used before which is the row So it's going we have a couple different row machines one of my favorites is is otherwise known as the super row This is the circular Converging row so you'll feel a really good contraction bring your hands together Good and drive good Good keep your chest up so you stretch a little bit more without having to put your head Your the weights back and losing tension keep attention on there good just like that excellent good good go Good Pull good Another half wrap That's it again guys One plate Okay, this is not a super heavy machine he's two hundred and five pounds at almost five foot 11 right? So are you almost five eleven? Yeah, let's say you sure I don't know maybe five nine and I'm just five two now Because I'm shrinking so again If you're here you're gonna do more weight than one plate so Just it is what it is Ouch you got to get your shoulders back just back there you go Excellent you gotta work on that yep Okay Even like in the front hose like my natural hose I gotta get my shoulders back Yes all the time we got you sure but because in your generation especially because you guys are like this Right it's phone it's you know getting on your computer and anything like that So you got to try to get that chest up and work on on your posture and that's why it's important Also work your rear del so that that'll also pull you back good and guys We're using that if you have a long arms this comes in really handy So that you can keep tension and get a deeper stretch Good go Good Feel a difference now yeah good Good Keep going good Good Good Squeeze squeeze Good There you go now give me three partials go one To come on come on a little for the back that's it. Oh there you go one plate All right now move over I want to give you guys a little a little sneak peek on With somebody not everybody knows let's put on at pieces of equipment I'm gonna give you a little reference point Yeah, now I didn't do the extra third two exercise before this but this even for me is light Right so it shows you how much room he has to grow Before he's gonna actually really start getting strong It gives me a reason to do a couple sets too Now we're gonna do is we're gonna do the same exercise But we're gonna do it with palms facing down. We're gonna shoot a little bit different angle Right and we're gonna do on that one is we're gonna do a suit to fill you're gonna really work hard and get a really good set out of the okay Yeah, I'm assuming that'll help bring in the rear-doubt's right absolutely they both do so your rear-doubt So we're gonna just and that's one of the reasons why we're gonna actually add rear-delt today So that we can finish them off because you're already hitting them It's hard time Yeah, self-spot okay That's hilarious all right palms down good stay that way through the entire range of motion. Let's go rock and roll This is almost like a barbell overhand grip Again keep it down Good good stretch Good contraction he's keeping his hips down do not let your butt come off the seat Good Good keep going keep going good Come on partial That's it. Oh done All right Cool All right, so we did a neutral grip then we did an overhand grip Again, how does it machine? It's nice. It was great. It helps a lot with the stability you know sometimes when I'm doing The barbell rows I can feel like it's a lot on the lower back or sometimes if I'm not placed right then I can't mess it up on the One side or just told saying but this helps to get you know that muscle activated While also having with the foundation is so like that. See not the worry about you know not being stable and moving around and stuff like that So yeah, so that's machine So again, only one plate we would overhand then Just now earlier in the in the workout the first set or two we entered doing neutral grip changing up the grip is Another huge advantage of this machine instead of the fixed grips Also, I want to be able to make sure that he does do lower back. He did mentioned something about you know Helps you with stability we have the pad but we are gonna now do some deadlift So again, we're not trying to break records here, but we do need to build that core and That core strength as well lower back strength all of the ancillary muscles all kick in when you're doing a dead off the ground So let's see how you do he's got these built for he's got the longer arms Ronnie was amazing at doing that C-Bum also doing those dead's because when you have longer arms You just have a mechanical advantage so Let's go ahead and let's see how you do Let's do this. Let's see how you do show me how you do a deadlift Back up right there good Okay There you go good Good There you go Good doing a good job. He's keeping the bar really close to his quads and shins. There's exactly what you want He's pulling up Driving good Good Good Good Good we're trying to fatigue the lower back. He's gonna feel obviously some lower body recruitment Especially because he's still sore from a couple of days ago Drive good two more One more Good job All right, okay guys so again only 135 pounds just a little under that actually because we're using kilos So it comes out to a couple pounds less than that Really good form he's been doing these when he was playing football so again So you form his down who taught you how to do these was this your dad or was this your football coach coach coach? Football coach yeah Coach yeah high school coach. Why are we nice? Yeah, he taught us the lie. That was his name coach. Why are we? Shout out to coach. Why are we great job on that? Yeah, you know also he made us to do Power cleans so I learned that in order to not almost down in a power clean Keep the bars close to his possible. So when you're exploding his stuff is not all the way out here. That's right So that's why I keep it close. Yeah, no learn a few lessons good. So yeah, it's good good job good job good job Good That's one two Good keeping his arm straight which is perfect Good We're gonna do set of 10 six good He goes let shoulders down Good Good One more Good End down good let's throw another quarter Good There we go Bar tension and Stand it up you're on straight Stand it up there you go Good Good Good good good come on Go Two more you got two more Go up one more good Drive it good job There you go lightweight baby for real lightweight I feel there I don't usually do jealous just this is yeah a good like restart for a good Good so we're just gonna do one more set so catch your breath for a second all right guys so this is gonna be working set number two Again, I think you would you get about eight? Yes, I'm like that yeah so again About 225 pounds nothing crazy heavy but he's barely doing eight reps so we're not gonna beat him up and try to do a bunch more weight and maybe do three or four reps We want to really be able to fatigue his entire back Especially his lower back that he's not used to training So we're not gonna try to do anything to hurt him we just want to stimulate it so that he can be able to create a better fuller back and be able to also kick in traps rhomboids Overall back thickness Let's go good keep those arms straight two good Three good Arms straight let the lower traps and rhomboids take over don't try to shrug it just keep it straight there you go good Good good you got two One more come on you got this up one more Last one last one come on you got this pull good job that's it How's that feel good Farms and a good good. That's how you get your forearms big guys There's another reason why we're not using straps here because if you use straps You're gonna weaken up your forearm grip only use them for the heaviest weights He's still developing everything when he goes heavier obviously we're gonna use straps You know, we're using a belt to help stabilize this core But again, don't do it on the absolute first couple of sets was you're warming up Because you want to be able to warm everything up together all right guys We're gonna do is we're gonna finish off with none other than one arm dumbbell rows We're gonna start off with just like a 53 pounds nothing too crazy see how he does See his form 53 grab one do about eight to ten reps go all the way down and ran that's it further down More more more more more your whole body twist it a little bit that's it now pull that's it Good just like a lawn more right know you probably never use a lawn more before though I'm keeping it in keep it in Keep it in you see how you're going out yeah keep it closer to your torso there you go straight that's it Good stretch down further stretch down further around this out good rounded out rounded out stretch and pull good That's it All right so guys sometimes I usually go to straight arm pull downs But I wanted to see how a form is actually that's why we threw this in as well Even though we already did a really good rowing exercise A couple I wanted to just see how it's formed is so I can give him some homework One of the things that he was doing was he's bringing is arm way out here So we want to try to keep that arm tucked but we want to be able to contract the back and a really good stretch So we can get that out of scapula really stretch and then bring that arm all the way down and then bring it all the way back So again we're gonna work on that technique a bit and make go go to the other side Yeah like that there you go good right there Pull good You're not used to doing these are you? No yeah come on Good pull That's it all right so he is absolutely not used to doing these so 50 pounds guys 50 pounds and I think he did what five or six reps so again if you No, whether or not the guys clean or not this is another exercise He's not even used to doing these so what we got to do is work on the form. We're gonna light it up Just get that form right to do another set Pollish it off and then that way we're gonna put this exercise a little bit Closer to the beginning of the next back workout so you can handle some weight because he's a bit to deep the cheese right now But we got to learn to protect unique Proper technique and form is everything there you go Good good good stretch more stretch more stretch more stretch more stretch Good good even more so and then pull up higher higher higher that's it and then archer back as you come up That's better like that there you go now you're looking like a athlete Good again Again all the way up all the way up all the way up all the way up all that that's it Sorry guys my lower back is like done. Yeah. He's the lower back is fried because again These are all new I think What if the exercise you normally do on back Maybe some low I did a little lap pull downs Okay a lot of pull ups like weighted pull ups and stuff like that and then maybe some cable rows maybe or not I just started doing that again. We didn't have cable rows. Oh, okay So and then not Not really not doing Again You just want to get some growth just from doing these exercises what I'm dumbbell rows is not staple right Do you ever do these? I mean yeah one point at a time yeah, but wasn't something you were doing on a regular basis yeah Now it wasn't comfortable because My form like I you have to like stabilize it like that because I was like your probabilities to be better if I Because I'll show them work my lats and like give my back up if I just did pull ups and then my pull down Gotcha, yeah You got a road to grow your Midsection right there good stretch and pull and twist an archer back good Like that that's better Come on good Again full good Stretch and pull good good Stretch and pull pull hold it hold it there hold it right there hold it right there hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it Good slowly good job good Good job 44 pounds We are throwing in some extra rear delt bent over ladder raises So we're gonna go ahead and use something really light starting off with like 13 pounds grab those We did this with shoulders the other day, but I want to throw in it in again because again We're trying to build more three-dimensionality on those deltoids bend over Okay, and you're Yeah, what's her in your battle of my lower back is like done on fri is right? Yes, okay put that back and we're gonna do reverse flight So if you have an issue your back is tired and you can't bend over to do ladder raises Then let's go ahead and use a reverse fly machine because then you'll have the bench up against your chest Let's go good and your hands go like this You can go like that and then over and under that's it go oh Yeah See this is skirt I was falling you didn't want to grab who grabs some tens for him 252 have you got a fade on me Yeah I appreciate that Let's see boom Good Hands can be out in front a little more like that like that perfect good good look at the weight that's nothing let's go Good come on come on come on drive drive drive drive Come on come on let's go oh he's dead. He's dead. All right All right, so he had a lot of rear-belt recruitment when you do back guys That's why a lot of body builders have worked rear-delts with back Also, I like to be able to make sure you focus on that with shoulders try to keep the back in the shoulders Not back to back in terms of workouts try to give at least one to two days between the workout Obviously you can see the split on the app on my FSC 7 app and Again man, I mean you went to failure. How do you feel? I'm pretty good. I feel pretty good. Yeah haven't done delucinal Wow Because the you know hurt you hear love at the risk of a war race show everything like that and so that was definitely a lower back killer You know I've done it all the while so yeah, and that white me out and I got like that. That was a big sum of white me out But I'm just glad that you know The forms getting better you know forms good so that over time you know you start to grow It's in the right areas you know Yeah, absolutely so again guys There is a thing to going super heavy with deadless can your Waste grow absolutely we're not going heavy here. We're doing barely 220 pounds and What you want to do is you want especially the beginning you still got to be able to do the basics Those basic lifts that he learned while he was in high school playing football are the same Exercises you got to use to be able to build a really good base in any kind of bodybuilding I don't care if you're doing men's physique or anything when you're starting off and you're young like he is We just turned 19 years old you got to be able to go back to those basics Now then you can kind of tone things down as you get stronger But he's still working on building up his strength that's hence the exercises and the ways that he's using So don't want to rely too much on just machines especially when you're starting out You want to good mix between free weight as well as machines But make sure that you blend the two and make sure that you really focus on form the biomechanics and the form are everything Again another good workout Work out three in the books that was back if you missed any of our other workouts shoulders Backering the other workouts then check them out on the page remember like subscribe Comment and turn on your notifications because you're not gonna want to miss a series bodybuilding 101 We got Julian in the house and we're gonna have a lot to fun before he goes away to college. So now check it out