Nobody say it. Nobody say it. Nobody say it. Soon as we step out the cage, we raise another mistakes. May no mistake. Eat that you stand your place or we put in you want to play. Look at our face, we put the fear in the dirt. We add the struggle for change. Pick up the pace, we put the infinite world. That's why we stay in the pain. We're on a lake, we moving onto the next. You still been stuck in the face. We're on a lake, we're on a lake, we're on a lake, we're on a lake. We say it straight to your face, they're on the rate. To whip with the team on our back. We took the city to stay, what is going to take? Another S on our chest. Another beating of grain, we win a fight. We always want to eat up. They get predict what we say. Come out the cave, they see the blood on our show. They see the teeth in the face, they watch his head. They try to figure a result. They think we came in a play, they see his face. They try to give us a close. They want a second of pain. But that's okay. We keep on dodging the ball. We keep on seeing the lay, blocking the way, thinking we've lived in reverse. But we keep us in the cave, stopping the rain, we know they sit on the throne. It's looking easy to take, we're not afraid, we put the fear in that bones. Ain't no one running away, you've been trying to trace, they try to follow what steps. They try to copy your way, what is your pain, that's why they keep giving curve. You've got to stay in your lane, they want a crane, that we not keep on the work. They're losing minimum wage, doors and craze, why you can't see the teeth, that anxious, open the cage. We just got done with the pre-judging at the Pittsburgh Pro. Amazing competition. Everybody looks great, right now it looks like the top four. We have Nick, Derek, William, Martin, and the top four. I believe it's really, really close. I think that Derek has just a little bit off, but he looked like a few Arnold's still a fantastic. Nick, I think this is all time faster. Again, this is a dodge bite, I think it's going to be about to show tonight the finals. We're going to see what happens, but it's going to be a great, great show, and not wait. I'm a stand that they stop, they will stand for your friends. They must be. They're jumping around and I start a swim, keeping the jungles of drinking demons, fighting in my vina coliseum, studied in their head and talking with me. That's why your two will be made at B-Fight, with someone else who was probably B-Gun, touched me and lose at B-C, we're feeling fine. Touch me and watch out to you. Let's go, but soon as you have the nerve to try to accept to me, I was snatch it, turned the meta-fist, press that, let us snatch it, earthy trying to breathe, they see how to ask for words, we don't repeat, I'm not getting a chance from her, but once again, the ball is afraid to wear the teeth, the sound of the horn, the horn, the horn, the star is what's at your face, the mass corals. If you come here and listen to the star, you'll be dead at B-Fight, with someone else who was probably B-Gun, touch me and lose at B-C, we're feeling fine. Touch me and watch out to you. Let's go, but soon as you have the nerve to try to accept to me, I was snatch it, turned the meta-fist, press that, let us snatch it, earthy trying to breathe, they see how to ask for words, we don't repeat, I'm not getting a chance from her, but once again, the ball is afraid to wear the teeth, the sound of the horn, the horn, the horn, the star is what's at your face, the mass corals. If you come here and listen to the star, you'll be dead at B-Fight, with someone else who was probably B-Gun, touch me and watch out to you. Let us snatch it, earthy trying to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, when the heart gets sore, Kasoy says he's definitely drowns out after his Fear. We have some pros and cons around him here and he's perpendicular to the heart, There is a very interesting show in there. What are you talking about? It is as famous as utilis EHU has your perfume. If you collect everything, it won't give you the success of the button. version of Nick yet, thought he looked fantastic. Again, very, very good look for Nick. And I think that Derek looked amazing. I think he was just a little bit devolving him as a bit versus the Arnold where I thought it was that it was best. And now it's going to be an amazing Olympia. So, but until then, next week we have New York Pro from what I understand, we got Nick doing it. We got to see who also is planning on jumping in to try to qualify for the Olympia, but it was an amazing show. And as you guys all saw, very, very close. So, tell me what you think and tell me what you had winning the show in the comments below. Guys, I'm here with Leslie, right after the show. Who do you think in the opening class? What did you think? I thought Nick Walker. Okay. You saw a lot of people, I hear the buzz. Yeah. A lot of people thought that. Because I honestly, like Derek maintained what he had at the last competition. So, we, again, that was an incredible show. I looked incredible. But Nick Walker was better than ever who might be more mass. His presentation was top notch. His confidence was really there. Conditioning was great. So, I was like, okay, I think I did Nick beforehand. I thought Derek would win one for short, but when I saw them both, I thought Nick would win, but, you know, this was a very as you heard. It was a tie. So, it was super close. When I, I thought myself that Nick, I had never seen that before when he had said that it was a tie. Yeah. And then we're doing that tie breaker at the very end. They brought him back out, which is crazy because you never see that. And so, let's talk about class. Yeah. So, class, what do you think? Again, I thought, host of that would have won it one. You know, I'm just being honest. Rough diesel. Yes. He has the better aesthetics. Better flow. The better posing. Right. But, host of not to need. He was bigger and more conditioned. And he had a very good presentation as well. So, I thought he had a little bit more points over rough diesel. But rough diesel has that classic physique, act factor that you can't really, you know, put it towards, but you can see it. I think that's the reason why he won over host of them. Yeah. So, it looks like in both divisions, we had aesthetics, went over mass, and conditioning in terms of that would be good. So, again, lots of buzz coming out of here. A lot of people, especially in the open, a lot of Nick fans out there, but the end of the day, again, little bit.