Alright guys, we are on our way. Last night we had Kevin and Aaron in our facilities managers, big 60th birthday and then had to get up early and we're flying to Kansas City to the S2 event. So, I need this to say I will be trying to sleep on this plane because I didn't get much the plus night but we're going to fly out from Dallas here. Two Kansas City go see Jeff and Aldi S2 boys out there, have a good time and then fly back all in the same day and because that's how we go. Alright guys, just got to Kansas City, we're in the Hoover. So, took that 7am flight, got up at 4.30am, got to the DFW airport, landed it in KC. So, we're in Kansas City now and the event starts in half an hour and we are 13 minutes away. So, we're actually going to be about 10 or 15 minutes early, which is fantastic. We got our boy Mike Savorino's going to be there for the Evision booth and can't wait to see everybody. I believe the trend twins will come in today too, which is going to be great to see them again and have a see them since the last young LA event and we're going to be able to have a really good time. So, this one is going to be in and out but we're going to have this much fun as possible and really enjoy it and be present because normally what I like to do is be able to meet with everybody here but he's story and once in a while, guys I like to take off the shirts and we'll do a little with the Zcheck, give a little bit of a little bit of feedback on that and then possibly even do a podcast with Jeff and Kyle and then get back on a plane and head back. So, it's going to be fun. Alright guys, we just got to the S2 event here in Kansas City, Missouri. The line has already formed and we're going to go in there, get with everybody and we might even rate some physics because some people messaged me and said hey can you take a look? Absolutely. So, for those of you that always ask, I'm always down to rate a physique at any of these events, it's always fun and I can get some feedback. So, it's good day in there and let's meet some people and let's have some fun. Yeah, I still need to see what's we got. You guys ready? Yeah! Yeah! Come on guys up in, because you're to see everybody. Yeah! Oh, I'm appreciate it. Oh my god, let's do this. Let's get us ready. What's up guys? We're going to go ahead. We go hard with a little bit of a new. Maybe P3D, right? Two of the new flavors that we had just dropped, one, Iseject, blueberry muffin and the second flavor was the salted caramel Iseject. Those two have gotten ready for a review. I really like that people were going to get these such an intel feedback on that one and then when it comes to the pre-workout, the new great flavor has been fire. It's got that welchest taste, but it's really, really not over the street that it tastes chemical. So it came to 3D extreme as well as amino cams. So we can have it seen that yet. That was been absolutely not sell it right now for us and it's available. So make sure you go check it out online. You're the only one. You're the only one. You're the only one. I want to try to do you or you're here to meet your enemy. That's also what you're doing? Okay, look nice and you're here. I'm trying to show right now, I'm up now. Oh, how many months? One month. Perfect. That's the best way to do it. Make sure you do both the visions and then you can decide kind of where you sit. That's my coach saying. Yeah, that's it. Then what's the most case of life you would give me for putting on more most of the events and trying to save me at the same time? Honestly, just make sure that you don't have to be at a calorie deficit, just make sure that you're eating the proper macros, get your protein in every 2 to 3 hours. Make sure that you're also doing plant cheats. Don't do cheap days, do cheap meals and make sure that you document everything so you can be able to see what you look like versus what you're eating in a notebook. If you do that, then you're right there. And you're just concentrating on getting stronger. If you get stronger, you're going to continue to keep getting bigger. If you just pick up on those three core things, you're best ready. Amen. Thank you. You're welcome. All right, for stubborn upper chest, because I need a little, like judges said, I need a little, obviously felt better. You're a lot more. Like obviously incline. You're like incline dumbbell presses. Incline, you get a bench. You're set or like not really just like, no, it's for like, you can just absolutely slow, it holds any of that slower like, the slower repetitions. But also grab a bench, put it in the cable crossover machine, right? And then do cable flies with that. FST-7 style, 30 to 45 seconds to red. All right. And then do that with the cables. It's going to work fantastic. All right, thank you. I appreciate it. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. Thank you, brother. Keep it up. We'll be right up there, too. I'll just turn it off. I'll just turn it off. 18. You're a baby. Yeah, you got the world ahead. Don't waste it, though. Okay? Don't waste it. Every day is a blessing. I'll probably make a sure. Yeah. Stay in a mozzarella. Keep rolling. Go to my dad's very. That's awesome. It's a great medium. Very easy to get. I did your thoughts on increasing event. Sure. Like, um, from, I'm at like 175. I've kind of just been stuck around there for like three, four months. I'm just wondering, like, how can I increase it? So are you bringing the reps down? I'm up there. FST-1, on vents. Yeah. I'm here up here. You're doing? Um, probably like six days. Yeah. So I would bring down three to five and then go down three to five and make sure you cycle in three to five because again, in body building six to eight will help you get bigger. But if you're trying to really increase your weights, you're going to have to do three by five. There's a lot of guys that focus on this that I would recommend you use that you can go on YouTube and they're much better than I am. I'm about getting bigger. I'm not really working on just particular bench strength. But all I have to say is most guys will tear a pector in bench so as your age, make sure you put range of motion, make sure you warm up and then you won't have that problem. Some of the guys get big and then they get strong but then they lose a range of motion and then they'll tear their pector. You'll be able to have not that problem but just make sure you really accentuate the stretch and go all the way down to touch and then back up and then go the three to five rep ranges and work in that three to five then you'll be able to bring your weight up because as you go lower with the reps you'll be able to increase weight. Okay. What's up with me? Nice to meet you. I wanted to ask so I'm like struggling to put on size on my legs. Yeah. What's so much to do? Because right now I'm doing leg growth and start out and then leg. So I just did the video with Julian the 19 year old kid. Follow that program. Thank you man. It's great to meet you guys. Thank you. You can also say welcome to leave a full thing here. I was going to say something. I'm going to call you either. So awesome. No appreciate you. It's work the part of it man. Oh man. Money. What's on it? This is the best signature. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Marks you last now. Did you guys just come out last night? Okay. I just got here and now like about the right start it. I just flew in from Dallas. Hour and a half boom. And then just turn around. I think I'll hold the Texas. Come fucking roll through dude. You can be down as it comes straight. I'm actually my boob there. Come on through man. I'm down. You want a raker for me? Yes. Let's do this bro. Take it off. Let's go. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. You can pee or not yet. I have. And what does he do? I didn't mess with you guy to class. And okay. All right. Let's see your pulvered laks pose. Sorry. Front relax. Okay. Let's go front double bicep. Bring your elbows up. Bring your elbows up. Side chest. Back to the bicep. Back to the bicep. All right. Turn around. Most of us go. All right. All right. All right. All right. We're shooting. Got it. Got it. Got it. You look great. More of a men's physique body. Sure. But you can still use a lot more chest. Right. Dumbell flies, dumbbell presses, especially on the incline. You need to build up your upper chest more than anything. But overall chest development dips, weighted dips. Okay. Forwards. So you can really emphasize the packs. Gonna take a very, very good approach to being able to give you more three Dimensionality. It's right now. Just a little bit flat through the chest. So you'll be able to work on getting your strength out. And then you're going to end up looking at the whole of the person. It looks great. We got it. Nice. All right. What's your name? Taken. Taken. Taken. Taken. We're from. Okay. What's your height and weight? Uh, probably 62 or 62. 22. 22. All right. All right. What's your name? Taken. Taken. Taken. Taken. From. Okay. What's your height and weight? Uh, probably 62 or 62. 22. All right. Let's see your front double bicep. All right. Let's see your front double bicep. All right. Let's see your front double bicep. All right. Two side chests. Good. Turn around. It's your most muscular. Okay. All right. What do you want to compete in? Okay. So you're going to need to continue to build up your upper chest. Okay. So you're going to be able to do really deep dumbbell presses on flat as well as the end client. Make sure you do some really good stretches with doing a cable flies. So yeah, really really good leaning with the cable behind you and really good stretch. Super set that with push ups. Okay. Yeah. Push ups. But now regular push ups push ups with your feet up on the bench. Yeah. Put your feet up on an inclined bench and then hands on the ground and then do that. Super set that with the cable flies. Okay. And work on just continuously trying to work on getting your upper chest stronger. Dumbbell presses. 8 to 10 reps. Okay. Okay. We got it man. Yeah. Yeah. What do you do with this? Yeah. No, let's do it. Everyone. And now it's time to get a little warm outside. Everyone wants to do a physique check. Let's do it. All right. Let's get you in the shade. Right there. We're going to do a front double. Let me see the front double brother. All right. Don't lean back so much. Bring your elbows forward a little bit and then make a fist. There you go. And then turn your wrist back like that. There you go. That's how you do it. Good. Side chest. Okay. Back double. Try to. Okay. Back double. Try to. Okay. Turn around. Most muscular. Most muscular. Okay. So you got to build up your triceps. Okay. Your triceps. So you're going to need to do a closker bench. Build them up. Overhead extensions. And then you're going to do a row behind you and the cable behind behind you. Low. So you're stretching. And then you're extending. That's right. Yeah. Exactly. Like that. Lean forward. Okay. So that closker bench. Skull crushers. Okay. And then. So that's going to help that. Also reverse grip. Stray on a single arm. Yep. Because you want to work on that outer. Okay. Your back. Roll, roll your bow homie. Like bend over rows. The pause. Do one on dumbbell rows. Barbell rows. Watch the video on the Bata Reeves next week. With the 19 year old kid. I trained back. Take some of those tips from that workout. It's going to be on YouTube. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Frontal bicep. Frontal bicep. Okay. How often you train abs? Not really. I'm going to do it. Okay. How often you train abs? Not really. I'm going to do it. Okay. How often you train abs? Not very often. Yeah. I can tell. Make sure you train your abs. Because as lean as you journey get. They're not going to pop unless you train them. You got to train your abs. Side chest. Okay. You see how you're going this way? Get your lat out. There you go. There you go. That's better. Back to the bicep. Back to the bicep. You got to do it. All right. Make sure you do it. Make sure you're doing a lot of pull ups. And making sure you're working on your bent over rows. Overhand grip on barbell as well as underhand grip date or lower that. Okay. Turn around. You see your most muscular. Good. Okay. You need to work on your bicep breaky hours. So make sure you're also doing hammer curl. And make sure you're your triceps. Close grip. Reverse. As well as overhead presses. Okay. You got to really appreciate it. Thank you so much. I count it right before I pull. Okay. I want to get this one thing. I want to dry out. How can I do that? I just want to get one good day. And you dry it out before I pull. That's it. Well, you're going to have to turn around. You're going to taper your water. Okay. But you got to make sure you carve up a bar. We're hand. You're going to make sure you're faster. You're going to have to turn around. You're going to taper your water. Okay. You're going to have to make sure you're faster. You're going to have to do some extra fats in there to say full. Like a little extra and red meat. Two meals a day on that one. And then you need to make sure that as you taper your water, that you get pumped up. Take the photos. And then start over. All right. That sounds good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You don't want to do that. Don't worry. No. Don't worry. No. You're good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Great. Great. Good. Good. Good. elbows in all the way down, causes the very bottom, last three last two working sets, do three all the way down, causes for the last three reps of the last two working sets. So if you do two working sets, let's say, then the last three reps, three second pauses on the bottom. Yeah, if the building up is lower, yeah, you're trying steps look good, you're trying steps look good, you're just going to keep building up your chest and then you want to keep building up your abdomen. So that way you're leaning up, you just don't have enough muscle and then you can just turn on and be able to pop. I got my first show on October and so. So you better get going, yeah, it's good though. Back to all the lessons. Back to all the lessons. So your hands are too high up, you're covering up your chest, bring your hands a little bit lower and do it again. No, start where you were like you're doing a cable fly, squeeze your pecs and then come together. That's better. There you go. Squeeze, chest one, more check. That's it. There you go. Much better. Yeah, yeah, it's definitely like your best post, but in your back looks good. Just continue to keep building up the width of your bicep because on the front it looks bend but it looks better when your front double bite. So that means you got to work with a bricchi-alice. Hammer curls. Hammer curls, doing spider bench. Spider bench. Thank you sir. I appreciate that. That's a bit just. That was nice. That was good. Yeah. That was good. Good. Good. Really good. Relax. That looks really good. Just continue to keep doing what you're doing. The back is going to roll development looks really good, but just because you have such a long back just continue to keep doing those rows, especially when I'm done double rows and do them up to your upper rib cage. And then flip block between upper rows and then low rows where you're going lower to your hip. You do a low hip at one under both and then switch it up and go higher and cheer up on the lift. And up row we talk about from the move. No. I'm talking about right here. One under both row. That way. Yeah. So from here and then also down here. I appreciate your work. There's these one. There is some of my stuff on the menu. So if I'm going to get up my summers to do pre for sunlight or several people, where there's seaball, hotty, direct, all of your about the time. What am I going to do? And then I had Andre and I had a couple of other people that was coaching and they all like to do their summer shows. I lose my summer because I'm just sleeping my phone. I've already got a vision. We're growing. It's not like I need this for money. I don't even get paid. When you're my athletes, it's part of the contract that I do it for them for free. People think I get a percentage of their pay. I don't. They make $5400,000 or $1,000 or now $750,000 be the amount. I'm not even doing that. It's just to help them and then in direct it does help my brand sure. But what part of my soul is being sold in regards to my time? I guess we just got done with S2. We did the meat and gree. We did a bunch of rare physics. So a lot of people came in and was doing disease checks. They want to know what I think of their physique. But also giving them pointers on exercises to fill in those gaps. So it was an amazing turnout. Absolutely, next level. I've done several of these and I've never seen one so, so busy. So congrats to Kyle and Jeff and the guys over S2. They did a bang up job promoting it. Just the whole staff is always so professional and easy to work with. And the great thing about it is that I'm looking forward to the next one. And for those of you that are coming out to any of my events, what I am doing is doing these right your physique and like kind of physique checks. And so if you're interested in it and you're want to come over to a picture but also get quick looking a little assessment by all means. Let's go ahead and do it. And overall it's been a great day. The long one. Guys, hang out for just a minute or two with the trend wins. There was jammed up as well. They were having a good time and we ended up doing the podcast with Jeff and Kyle as well. So that's awesome. We'll go ahead whenever that goes live. I'll be putting that on my Instagram as well. Really good conversations regarding the origin stories but also we started talking a little little bit about it. Also the Olympia coming up and also just when it comes to having that iron flat mentality and how to be able to get through adversity. So again, it's always a great conversation with these guys. So let me know in the comments below what you like about the physique checks or what you'd like to see different regarding these vlogs because as I'm on the road, I'm going to be doing more of these. I want to hear what you guys want to see because I want to be able to connect as much as possible. I do so much and sometimes I overlook what somebody else might actually appreciate. So put it in the comments below and I appreciate you all. Thank you so much for all the love and Mike at Division Booth. You crushed it once again. Appreciate you as well. Oh, and do not forget like, comment and subscribe. Turn on your notifications and don't forget to share.