Alright guys, today is the final date for the FST 7 transformation contest. If you want an accountability tool that's going to allow you to be the best for yourself, we are doing the last day of signups today, August 10th. So at midnight tonight is the last time you can sign up $49, you get a chance also to win $5,000. So if you are really, really competitive and you want a chance to win the 5 grand awesome, but if you just want an accountability tool and I'm going to do it myself, we have the staff at EVEGIN do it, we have a bunch of members on FST 7 that are great signed up, but you get a chance to be able to be accountable and want to take you through a week by a week training, nutrition, supplementation guide to be able to create accountability and give you guys the tools so that you can do your own prep. You don't have to begin written for the Mr. Olympia to be your all-time best. You can start off with starting the six-week challenge. So go ahead, go to honyramblog.com and click the link to be able to sign up, but you have to sign up by 10 night. So again, Sunday, right now, midnight, it's over, so the last chance, but I hope you enjoy the video. Love y'all. Music At the 225 Texas Road, we're getting ready for the Mansour open division. Yes, the winner of this division is going to get in bite to the Olympia. Let's go back there and let's see how these guys look. All right guys, this is going to be amazing and here with Kim Shepherd and we got Martin Fitzwater, honey ramblog here and we are ready to go. This is going to be a little bit of a rematch of last week. So we are going to turn around and see if there's any dark horses that are going to get up in the top five. Obviously the winner of this is going to get in bite to the Mr. Olympia. This opened division is going to be stuck. Sound ofescheverway Glitches and 조hor presikt potatoes from a and George and obviously this is the William Ashford they were talking about. Everybody wanted to see him make a match, work in this city, thank you gentlemen. What's the new like they did? They got a bunch of titles in the guy's files. Alright guys we just got done with creature hunting. Again it's a battle that looks like it's a rematch between Clinton and Jordan. You had Joe that's in the mix you also have it. George and George, who just definitely was better than he did the previous week in Tampa. So again this is a battle that's going to be rewarded by the C.V. able to see who can be able to eat out whether the twinner in Tampa is going to win again or if there's going to be a new winner who's going to be able to also go to the Olympia if they couldn't control it off. So we're going to have to see everything is so close they're going to definitely be judged the other half of this tonight. Sorry. Alright we are ready to roll. Honey are you ready? I am ready this is going to be amazing we know that there's a battle win in the world. We're going to have a confirmation round right now and we got to top five. Actually top six. We got brutal on the end. We got Clinton in the middle along with Jordan. Jordan is the right. We got Joe on one side and John on the other. Jordan still looks rocked out. It looks very, very hard, very dry. It's putting this a little fuller and he looks like he's definitely got more detail. He's trying to get him in the middle. He's trying to get him in the middle. He's trying to get him in the middle. He's trying to fade at the end and now his chest and shoulders are back. Now the question is is it going to be enough? Let's see. We got Jordan still looks phenomenal and the judges are literally sitting like about 10 meters away from a 20 30 feet away from these guys. They're right underneath them. So this is where the practice really be a major factor versus the other shows when they're sitting further back and then where we are right now. They're taking their time from this confirmation round. Hopefully that's his baby. It is time to crown a champion. And presented to our fifth plate finisher. And here all the Rockies. I'm here. The fourth plate medal, the check for $2,000 and presented to our fourth plate finisher. Sean Shoe wins. So John Joy is on fourth place. So we got the top three now. Clinton, Jordan and Joe. The third plate medal, the check for $3,000 and presenting to our third plate finisher. And at this time, ladies and gentlemen, if we can get the center of the stage, Jordan Hutchinson and Joe Polosios. And the third one is Joe. Again, Joe was coming up with a lot of momentum. Did he have enough to be able to? Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to announce the winner to the second place runner up. Willer CV second place medal at a check for $9,000. Yes. Place team, the first place trophy. The first place check for $15,000. The exclusive won't have back. And the only important ticket to the $20,000 kisser Olympia to our winner. And $20,000,000,000,000. Texas, Pro-A-Champion. Sean. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And I'm here with none other than Andrew Jack, the three-time Texas Pro-Champ. He just came in to support the show. Brother, you're looking at his biggest house just flew in from Dubai. And are you here now for all the way into the Olympia? Yeah, over you. All true until after the Olympia. OK. Yeah. I was supposed to come in September. OK. Well, then I realized it's called the sixth anniversary. I'm not like, no, so I have to like, back to the eighth. Everything. And I came sooner. And I wanted to surprise them. I made a mistake. I uploaded on my story about a Texas Pro-Champ. And Freddie, he's called he, he's a male. That's something we're looking at. Yeah, so he caught my name. I'm like, yeah. So yeah. That's it. What you think about tonight, Brother? What do you think? You know, how did you have the play six? Awesome. Awesome. 100% I can't dispute the judges. I'll just decide it was a, like, they made a right call. I'll do absolutely a walking progress, but I mean, yeah, like, Jordan, down. Down, down. Yeah. I agree. I agree. What do you think about Quinn? What do you think he needs to do to be able to kind of get to that next level? Quinn Tim. I think we, we quite a late have the same problem. Because of the issues, height and the size. Right. So and in visual, get more drier, incorrectly, definitely, it's literally a good first. I never think of a right-hand start. Firebot. I think he needs to sit down properly with his coach. They'll go to the drawing board and get some adjustment. And put him on track. Because basically what you're talking about is the fact that when someone your size, okay, both of you, right, you're so big that if you end up pulling a little too much, you're going to start losing body parts. What's the body part? Right. So that's why you have to balance it out without, because if you try to get shredded, you're going to lose your legs. And that's what you've got to be careful of. Yeah, I agree. I think both, you know, a lot of people who are watching this don't realize, you know, these guys that are six foot plus, they end up losing those body parts if they try to pull down too hard. So it's a balancing act. So at the end of the day, you know, you got to talk, I promise. Oh, I'm talking to you. I'm talking to you. Honestly, because after, after we put in the hard rug, I flip up the frame and then just a little bit of tweaking. It's all, it's all gone, it's all gone, it's all gone. I mean, it is, it is what it is. Now, yeah, yeah, yeah. But, okay, so what are we going to see this year from you? What are you, you know, give me an idea just a little bit of what is going to be different coming this Olympia? I'm still working. I'm still putting things done according to the drawing board. So, I'm still working on the map we have in the drawing board. So we'll see. Okay. So now you're here all the way to Olympia. You're going to set up camp in the states. Yes, sir. So no more going back to Dubai all the way until Vegas. Yes, sir. Okay, awesome. Awesome. So guys, if you want to make sure, if you're not following them, you're under a rock. Make sure you go over following them on Instagram. Just put an out tenant good content on there. And again, congratulations to Freddie and the whole team. They did an amazing job, the whole crew. So again, fifth year, next year, are you going to come back? Well, Texas, bro. What was it? I'm Miss my inch of you though, which is so, I'm Miss my inch of you. My son was starving. He was starving because he's training now. He's training. He says he's going to interview with the Olympia. Yeah, yeah. So he can't really, can't really was starving. So he's like, man, I'm losing my job. He's like, he gains, he's saying. He literally, he trained two hours today. So he's getting ready for football, football starts, school starts. So here in Texas next week. So again, he's looking forward to the Olympia as well. He will be backstage doing interviews like he did last year. So with you guys and see if I'm in everybody else. Just doing what's amazing. Amazing, guys. Yeah, he loves you guys. He loves, he's like, again, he bleeds this stuff. So again, he's, thank you for all the support. NPC, IFBB, everyone out there. We will see you in nine weeks at the Mr. Olympia. Yes, sir.