Welcome to another great your physique. I've been looking in the comments on the previous episodes and Anton is someone that keeps popping up. I did do a workout with Anton. I think he is a great athlete. He was one of the youngest. I have a few pros. If not the youngest in the classic physique division, he just did his pro debut in Pittsburgh. It was placed in the top six, which is great. I know that he was telling me when we trained that he felt flat and he felt like he didn't quite nail the peak. But I think he's got a lot of potential. I think he's got a great head on his shoulders. And again, now at 21, just a couple years after turning pro, I think that he's going to continue to keep thriving. But let's go ahead and let's go in and see what he needs to work on to be able to get to that next level with Anton. Right now, looking at strong points, I really, really like his legs. So great separation in his legs, fastest ladder, Alice, and Medialis, everything is popping. I love the fact that he's got those really nice separate tier drops. Caves looking good can always be just a little bit bigger, but honestly, I think he's got a good start. One of the things that I really like to is he's still got that tight waist. He's got to keep that waist as a pro that's starting out. It's always going to be hard when you're putting on size to keep that waist tight. But one thing he does have is he's got that nice tight waist. And you know what, guys? I am using blue this time instead of green, tell me whether or not in the comments below if you like green or if you like the blue, but using something a little bit different to see if there's a little bit different contrast in what you guys like. But let me go ahead, let me know in the comments below. Now, another good thing is I like his triceps. I like the fact that his back, it's flaring, but he could always be a little bit better. Now let's talk about what he can do to improve. All right, overall on mass, so on this, I would like to see bigger biceps. So again, what is that going to entail? That's going to be a really good mind muscle connection, making sure that he's not using too much shoulder when he's doing his curls. Really good supination of the wrist, making sure that he's using, it could be a curl machine, it could be using any kind of dumbbell movement, but really supinating at the top of that full range of motion and turning that pinky outward and just really squeezing. And then nice negative to be able to really slow down that eccentric is going to make a big difference. So that's going to really help fill out his arms. It's not about just trying to pick up the heaviest amount of weight, especially for arms arms, are a finesse muscle group. If you want your arms to get bigger, you're going to have to use technique. It can't just be heavy dumbbells, because then you're going to put all of the weight into momentum and into your shoulders and you're not going to have your arms grow. So that's something that's super, super important. Other places that can still be a little bit bigger is going to be his back. Now again, that's going to continue to grow. He's just 21 years old guys. So he's about, I believe, around 210 to 220 around that 510, 511 mark. And I feel like what really can improve is just as he becomes more mature, his physique is going to mature and that new muscle is going to marinate and you're going to start seeing it even more strided. But for his age, he's got some really good greenness. Another spot that I really like is the fact that you can see those striations in the mid-quad area really like that as well. But again, starting off his career, going into the Pittsburgh Pro and placing in the top 6 is an amazing accomplishment. Let's go on to the next pose. Here's one of his strong poses. Side chest. This is where the conditioning really, really sets him apart from all those other competitors that he's going up against. And we're going to talk about all of the areas that he is strong. So again, those glutes dug in right dug in great insertion right all the way. Look how low and deep that goes. That's amazing. That area is really, really hard to get really separated. He's got that. He's got some really nice quad sweep on that outer sweep on that side pose. Good hamstrings. He can still build up his hamstrings a bit more. But I'm still going to give that an A minus because he's got that hamstring drop. It's just going to continue to keep dropping as he gets bigger. But great conditioning. Great. You can even see how dry he is from the side. Now he did say he was flat. I mentioned that earlier. But I do feel like he could have been a bit fuller. But I think they were just being conservative because they probably didn't want him to spill. But all in all, good shape. Also, I like his shoulders. Nice roundness. You've got some graininess popping out on through those delts. And if he was a little bit fuller, I think he was starting seeing even more strations and a bit more fullness in his chest. Because you can see it's there. It's just not popping because he was probably about 80% in regards to his fullness of what he could have been 85%. So that extra 10 or 15% would really make a much more 3D and much more separated especially up into that upper chest area. And again, also one of the areas that he needs to be able to really grow is going to be his arms. So that would also really help. So as we go through and we look at his triceps and we look at his biceps, they're there. They just need overall more mass and more volume. And even if he was a bit fuller, it's going to actually look even bigger, even though just by just pure fullness alone, it will give you an illusion of being bigger. But eventually when he adds more tissue, that's going to make a huge difference. This is going to be the curls that we talked about. I would recommend also hammer curls to try to hit the entire arm. It's going to help any of everything from his forearm up to his bicep brachialis. But also, I'm a huge proponent of, again, that you've seen on any of my videos in the last 20 years, you're going to notice that I love, love, love to do very specific spider curls. Like when you're on the spider curls, I don't care if you're doing them with barbell, they could be with a cambered bar, they can be with dumbbells, you can do them with even hammer style with a hammer grip. But that's going to make a big difference. So I would definitely recommend him working on those to be able to really thicken up those arms. So again, and then the stretch curls too. The stretch curls where you have the cable behind you and your stretching further back, many videos I've done those in the past and then being able to go full range of motion. And with a de-handle, those work amazingly well, that's going to help him continue to keep up with the thickness and those shoulders. Because he's got really good shoulders, he just needs to get those arms to be able to catch up to the shoulders. So that's going to be huge for him. Just a reminder for those of you that are keep asking about the FST7 app, it has been updated once again. We are doing constant updates every two weeks. There's new content being uploaded in the app and in our community board, it's been growing. So if you're interested, make sure you go to honeyrambought.com, use code, honey, yt for your dollar for your first month. Check it out. You have full access to my entire workout catalog as well as any exclusive content. So go ahead, check that out and now let's go on to this back double-by-step pose. All right, let's start off once again with all of the great things that he's got going on with his physique. Great, good-hand-tion. Hamstrings are dug out. If you notice that, he's starting to get those little cords. Phil Heath was known for when he got a really crazy dry, they look like little steel cables. Once your body matures, that's going to continue to get thicker and get even more separated. He's going to continue to keep growing those quads and then he's going to have that width that you need from behind to keep up with the shoulder width. And you can see he's got good quads from behind right now, but that's going to continue to keep improving. But again, very nice separation in the hamstrings like that look. Glutes, striated, awesome. And back, again, I think that he's has just a tiny little bit of asymmetry. It looks like could also be the lighting. But as he builds up his back, he's going to have to do some single-arm motion pull downs, some deep grip, de-handle grip pull downs that's going to help as well. And make sure that as you're trying to grow those back muscles, you need to make sure deep tissue is going to help to be able to really help release those adhesions so that you get some of that tightness in those terries and in those lats, that deep tissue massage, foam rolling, all of those things are going to go a long, long way. But that's all of that and being able to just have that muscle marinade is going to go a long way. But again, really good shoulders and his arms are bad, they just got to get a little bit bigger to keep up with those shoulders. Now again, where I feel like the biggest improvements that need to be had is the overall back thickness and with. You want to work underneath in that terries, I'm sorry, terries area, but also in that lower trap area, rhomboid area. And as we're trying to thicken up that lower lat, a lot of reverse grip is going to help that area. And as well, whether it's pull downs or whether it's been over rose, or going to go a long, long way. And again, I'm going to stick around calves. He's got calves, just keep growing them, keep growing the calves, but they look good. I've seen guys that have zero calves when the Olympia. I mentioned that on one of the other videos I'm going to be doing on one of the ex Olympia winners. But you guys can guess below who you think I'm talking about. But all in all, great, great physique, I think he's going to make some amazing gains here in the next year or two. And I feel like he's got another show coming up soon. So I cannot wait to see him as he peaks properly and gets to know his body with his coach. I think he's going to be able to really make some formidable competition to some of the more established guys on the circuit as we speak. And let's go back and let's see one more pose before we move on. On the final pose, we have an ab thigh shot. As you can see, I think great, great separation in his legs really, really nice in regards to the way that he's holding his pose. You can tell that the picture wasn't taken exactly in the moment that he was supposed to be like set up perfectly. Otherwise, he'd be looking up and just crunching a little bit harder, but you can see abs are all there. And again, this is genetic too. The way that his head has that abset, not everybody has those really clear concise abs that are just formed. It's genetic. Some people do some people don't like in the open class, Ronnie Coleman, Phil Heath, they didn't have that perfect abdominal area. Ronnie and Phil had very similar mid-sections when it came to how their muscles, they were like more of a forepack. Now he turns around and he's got much more chisel physique. And most of the classic guys do too because sometimes you start out with that and then you end up if you get bigger and go into the open class, that can turn around and create, yeah, whether it's distension or whether it's just what I call is core thickness from lifting really heavy weights for long periods of time. That happens as well. So it's not all about what you guys think it is, whether it's insulin or all this, it's not all from that just training heavy can really thicken up your core as well. And obviously, what I just mentioned, the genetic portion of it. And he looks like he's got some really good genetics, as long as he continues to keep that waist tight and he doesn't try to pack on too much size. I love the separation, I love the detail and his inner costals. That looks really good. And then again, if his back was a bit bigger and then his arms a little bit bigger, then you're going to be able to connect complete the look here. Again, if his elbows were a little higher, you'd be able to see that he was going to be able to fill out those arms a little bit more and obviously right where the back is as well. So you'd see a better and more dramatic V-taper. But all in all, I think he's got a great physique and a great future ahead of him. You know, on a scale from one to ten in regard to sandals because he is a pro, I would turn around and give him an 8.0. I think he's got a great great physique. I think he's got a great future ahead of him, but he's got a lot of room to grow. He's super super young and with a crazy amount of potential. But let me know in the comments below what you think were you would have rated Anton. Otherwise, I cannot wait to be able to get into the gym with him again. I know that we talked about trying to get another gym session in and super nice kid and I really look forward to seeing him on the stage on the next Olympia hopefully. So again, honey rampod, and that's right your physique.