Welcome to another episode of Rate Your Physique. I have a new bodybuilder who has yet to compete yet on deck. None other than 19 year old phenom, Julian Fitzgerald. Again, you might have seen him in the gym with me training. And just turn 19 about a month ago. 205 pounds. And he is 105 at 5 foot 11. Again, 5 foot 11 205. And he is 19. 19 years old. So, a lot of controversy out there whether or not he's natural or not. I'm going to give you guys my take on this. I mentioned it in other videos. He has great arms. He still has a lot rest of his body. He needs to complete. But he's got great arms. So did Phil Heath. So did Ronnie Coleman at his age. So again, for those of you that want to go ahead and say that he's on something or not. Go in the comments below. Let me know whether or not you think he's natural. But again, 5 foot 11 205 pounds. Great looking physique. And let's get ahead and get started. Let's talk about his strongest point right here is arms front double biceps. I'm going to break that down. Really good peek. So I'm going to go ahead and zoom in on it. Really good peeks actually reminiscent of almost like Coleman ask when it comes to the peak where he gets some of that split. And he's got that crazy crazy bicep peak there. Looks really, really good. He's got nice triceps. Good forms. But again, not Phil. Phil has got everyone's like, oh, he's kind of got a fill. Phil, Phil physique. Yes, in some ways, but I'm going to go ahead and tell you the difference as well. So again, Julian can use lot more back. Does let me tell you what you can really work on his back. Can you if he builds up that back. Phil down to pull ups making sure that he really does the basics, the rows going to make a huge difference in his physique because it's going to help bring in that waste. Some people are asking classic open some people are saying he's got more of an open physique because he doesn't have that really crazy crazy taper. I agree. I think that we're going to have to see as he builds up his back how his body is going to look when it looks more complete. Now when I talk about complete, we're going to have to address legs. Okay, calves, quads, hamstrings, all of it. So again, just because somebody has genetically gifted arms doesn't mean they're on steroids. So again, I just want to let you know that because I've trained with him. I felt like he was very under I guess underwhelming in terms of strength doing 50 pound shoulder press and he's as he grows he goes going to get stronger as he gets stronger. He's going to grow. So but for now squats, making sure that he does free weight as well as Smith, he can do both, but also hacks are going to make a huge difference in his physique because he's going to be able to build up this quads so that he gets that depth that he needs and he's got a lot of real estate he's five foot 11 anybody that's over five 10 5 11 you all know what I'm talking about. You have way more real estate to fill in than somebody who's five five five six so again takes much more time it's a bigger canvas you're going to need more paint. So putting that sculpture together is going to take more time so again I think he's got a beautiful physique I think he's got a great feature of ahead of them, but he hasn't even been to a bodybuilding show just even to watch little competing yet so put that in perspective talk about genetics. All right, let's go on to the next. Pokes. All right, we're going to go into the side chest post side chest nice pose on Julian. Let's talk about what I like to see first. Again, always arms arms arms arms your eyes are drawn to his arms that's his strongest body part. Then even his shoulders are a little bit undersized and that's why he doesn't have looked super wide again does he have narrow clavicles per se well as he develops he's going to look wider but is he naturally built like a jay color or a fill he's well he's naturally built like a fill he's like a filth like a filth like a wealer than he is a jay color but he is got nice shoulder caps they just are undersized for his arms so what does that mean he's going to have to do a lot of shoulder press. He's going to have to do a lot of later raises he's going to have to work on being able to do them not just free weight but he's going to be able to utilize the equipment that really gives him that best mind muscle connection. So whether you're doing a standing flight machine or whether you're doing a cable in front or behind just really making sure that you slow down that eccentric and that's something that he really lacks is that eccentric strength and conditioning because he really gets tired very, very quickly again. I've trained him several times so I've seen it but as he starts to master the the eccentric control you're going to start seeing some really serious muscle growth on him so again. Chest looks good for the fullness there I think that looks really good but overall he could be even bigger right you can see the opposite peck that he's a little flat on that side it's just because he needs more mass in general. But again strong points always been arms he's got good shaped legs but they are undersized especially for somebody who is five foot 11 he's 205 pounds like I mentioned earlier but he can use a lot more hamstring so straight leg deadlifts. Rdls using barbell or even dumbbell are going to make a huge difference in how much leg mass he's going to put on and as you're following him on his journey you're going to be able to start seeing all of these things and believe me. If in when he possibly can start using any PEDs you're going to see a huge difference but you're going to start seeing subtle differences here but when somebody goes from natural to PEDs you're going to see something that's going to be like skyrocketing and he plans on staying natural as long as possible which I fully recommend. And fully endorsed so again as he's utilizing these new exercises when I trained him legs a lot of exercises he never done before straight leg deadlifts were not very good if he'd done him maybe a couple times but I don't even think he felt like he'd done him properly in the past so you're going to start seeing just overall growth from learning these new exercises so again great pose on him here but he'd never even been to a bodybuilding show so me setting up in the poses was something that was really important because he's not. really had a lot of practice posing and one to Julian's back to a vice at pose. All right back to a vice at time again let's go ahead and look at those amazing arms great great arms great bicep peak he's got that tricep roundness that's really giving that arc on the very bottom of his arm. And he even has again you can see the shoulders they just like I mentioned before are just undersized so as he's continuing to build his shoulders he's going to look wider and as he continues to build his back. The good things is you can see the trap the rhomboys you can just see that all of the detail in his back there so all just needs to do is get bigger and as he gets wider and thicker lats he's going to get more taper which is going to be really really good but you're going to have to control the ascent. The ascent right so what that means is that when you start to grow you got grow too quickly because it can also put a lot of pressure on your abdominal area where you're going to end up getting thicker through the midsection so again mind muscle connection eccentric controlled is going to be really really important so that negative trying to do minimum to seconds on that negative is going to make a huge difference in his overall muscularity and just density as he gets stronger as well. Now where does he need to improve on his back side well his legs again quads hamstring calves all of it all of it straight leg dead lifts R D L's lay curls seated as well as lying. Making sure that he continues to build up the quads that we mentioned earlier all of those are going to be really key components because also. 511 a lot of a lot of space to fill in so overall great back to bull bicep but. But he hasn't been to show so I can't wait to see what he's going to is how he's going to feel after he goes to his first show to go even watch. Let alone eventually down the road competing because he aspirations is to become mr lambia to one day but you got to get your pro card first and he that means you got to step on stage to qualify to go to a pro show. Pro qual if I didn't show I should say so again he's got a long long journey ahead of him but I want to say he's got really nice muscle bellies but he's got a long way to go so let's go ahead and finish this off back to the front side with the most muscular and this is where you're going to see what we talked about here. So this is the area where he's going to have to build that that with that shoulder width so I'm going to go ahead and kind of create a line there. And you're going to see he's got some asymmetry going on there might have had a shoulder injury at some point or maybe playing football but he does have a little bit asymmetry that he's going to have to work on but you can see that the delts are there I'm going to clean this up so you can see that you can see the delts are there they just are undersized like I mentioned earlier here and here but that delth growth when he eventually catches up to his arm size he's going to look a lot wider now is he going to look like jacolic. Now is he going to look like jacolic no but can he look like a fill Heath where he can fill in his frame to look more complete absolutely flex wheeler fill Heath guys I mentioned that have been super super wide who've done very very well just by being able to try to complete their physique by building up those deltoids to match their arms now. Again continuously building up that chest definitely be a bigger legs we talked about legs again squats, hackswats even walking lunges are going to really help him with overall development getting calves. Phil head calves genetically he was blessed with him and then he grew him with hard work now obviously this is an area where he's not as blessed july isn't as blessed as fill was with his calves so huge differences in those fronts now. Does he have potential absolutely but a lot of people just think that because they they see a front double bicep or they see these crazy arms on them that he's 100% got to be chewed up and the reason why you're thinking that is because you're just not genetically as gifted as someone like him and I don't blame you I've seen it before but I've seen Ronnie back when he was natural I saw Phil back when he was natural I saw those physiques and you see how they grown tremendously. They're strong points continue to be their strong points but what the drugs do and the PEDs is that the weak points can catch up way way faster. But he's planning on staying natural as long as possible which again I highly encourage and being able to max everything out because what he has going for him is this major thing is 19 19 years old in 19 years old as of a month ago actually so and having a nice long frame he's got five foot 11. And again growing his dad's six five to seventy five so he's got his genetically is you know he's coming from a family of big big big men so if you want to turn around and look at this and say eight it's all because of drugs I mean again you're going to say whatever you want to say you can go into the comments below and let me know what you think. But I'm trying to give you as much perspective as possible because I've worked with genetically gifted athletes for a very very long time but I what I am saying is that you can go ahead and put in the comments what you think. But what I'm going to tell you is that there's a lot of people out there with genetically gifted body parts but when you look at what he really needs to work on which is going to be his lower body in general is quads and his hamstrings is calves he's got a long way way to go. But he's got a great attitude and he's willing to put in the hard work which is what's most important so whether you have the genetics or whether you do not have elite genetics but you're willing to put in the hard work that's what it's going to take for you to be able to get to the best version of yourself so again guys that is my physique breakdown I know you're all waiting for a rating well I'm going to give you a cup rating or I feel like his genetic potential wise and I think his genetic potential. is literally a 9.25 out of 10. I think he's got great genetic potential but he's got a ways to go and potential is what you make it. So again guys another episode of Rate your physique let me know what you think in the comments below. Love you all honey rampad 25 times Olympia winning coach and I'm out.