What's up everyone? Hanir Ambod here, 25-time Olympia winning coach. And we're here for another episode of Rate Your Fizzique. Up on deck by popular demand, none other than the miracle bear himself, Er's Kalinsky. I know I'm butchering that last name, but he's gonna be here in a couple of days, and I'm sure he's gonna let me know it. But one thing that I am gonna do is I'm gonna hold off on posting this until he's back in Germany, because he might not like what he's about to hear. But again, it may be brutal, but I'm gonna be honest, because this is 100% the truth. So let's go ahead and let's break them down. All right, what I'm gonna do is actually, because I wanna talk about the X-frame, is start off with one of his optional poses, which is a front, last spread. That is not a mandatory pose in classic physique, but what it does is it really highlights what I wanna highlight, which is the great X-frame that he has. So the X-frame that he carries here and here is looking really, really good. I think that you can really see the peck development, the shoulder development looks right on point. Another great area on him is his quads, the notorious muscle, that satorious in here is looking awesome. So what we wanna do is we wanna highlight the fact that that looks so good and it's so detailed. Really, really like the X-frame, I'm gonna go ahead and clean up a little bit of this. So that X is really what we're looking for, and he likes to display that right off the bat. Because what he wants to do is, wants to make sure that he's showing maximum width, because he's naturally not as wide as Wesley or some of these other guys, but he really is trying to show what he has to be able to accentuate the X-frame. And he's doing a great job here. Another thing that I really like is the fact that his detail, if you can see all of the striations all through this area here as well as there. So you have everything from the Vastislateralis, all the way up into the rectifier for Morris, all of those areas of the quadricep that are showing tons of detail here here in here. That looks great. Going into his calves, his calves, poppin, really, really like it. You can see the lower solius, you can see the gastro, right above it, all of that looks fantastic. Now, going into where we could definitely use a little bit of clean up work, some places for improvement. What I like to see is everything from his forearm to his upper arm, which biceps not as bad, but his triceps still need to be able to drop. Especially when he hits his front double bicep, I'm gonna go into it one of the poses, but the best picture I was able to find was actually a single bicep pose with his hand on his hip and one of the arms doing a front double bicep. But if we can be able to really focus on that, he can really get that tricep going. That's where I would suggest him be able to focus. I know he is a kind of guy. We've got together, we did one workout in India together. He lives bodybuilding. Ers is the consummate purist. He's like a Renaissance bodybuilder. He really absolutely loves bodybuilding. So he's all about taking in information, processing it and just always trying to improve. But what I would really like to see is that that tricep fullness right here. That's what I would like him to be able to fill in to try to create even more with, because that helps that illusion of width on that front last spread, even when you're not the widest in terms of clavicle width. So that's what's gonna really, really help. Now again, pex look really good. Could use a little more upper peck, but again, I'm nitpicking here. Conditioning looks really, really good. I think this is the best condition he was at in the 2024 Mr Olympia. He was third place, but overall conditioning looks great. I feel that as he builds his back more, which is going to help right in here, that is something that is going to show even more dramatic x frame as he builds his lats. And then when that happens, believe it or not, this area right here, right when you get into here, you're gonna see even more detail. So again, that ribcage that goes into the lat area, and then you're gonna start seeing it through the obliques, and then his abdominal walls, we'll get a little bit more separated. That could be just a little bit tighter. But once again, everything looks fantastic. I think it was the best condition, the best look he's ever had at the 2024 Mr Olympia, but I do want to be able to emphasize he still needs to continue to improve. All right guys, before we jump into the next pose and bodybuilding breakdown, I do want to remind you that if you're looking for any of my workouts, they've been all updated on my FST7 app. So you can go to honyrambod.com and for just $1, you can go ahead and get an entire month. That's right, an entire month for only a dollar and have exclusive app content that I've reshot in my gym here in Irving, Texas. So if you're interested in that, go to honyrambod.com and use the code honyyt. That's right, honyyt to be able to give you a dollar for the entire month on my app. So check it out, now back to the next pose. All right, now moving on to the next pose, which is traditionally the first pose, front double bicep. On this one, we were able to find a really good clean high-res picture of him doing a single arm with an arm on the hip. Very classic physique style. Would I really like about this once again? The legs, the legs, separations, the sartoris in here looks absolutely on point. He's getting even more detail in here than he's ever had. So again, vassus lateralis, vassus medialis, all of that, rector for more. All of that is really, really poppin. Again, love the calves. Cows are poppin, which really helps with the flow. Because what your eye really rolls to, when you're looking at a top Olympia competitor, is the gaps. Any judge is looking at this, doesn't look at the strong points. They find the weaknesses first. Then they go, okay, who has the least amount of weaknesses, then they start looking mostly at who has these amazing knockout poses. Now, we're going to go into the upper body. So again, on the front of a bicep, it's improving, but what I'd like to see is even more tricep here, a little bit more bicep right in there. And again, forms make a difference. You're going from one competitor who has crazy crazy forms, Ramon Dino, and then you're going to another one. Again, this is genetics, guys. This isn't because they're not working hard and they're not training. This is just genetics. You're trying to overcome your genetics. But if you could work a little bit more on the overall arm thickness, it would make a huge, huge difference. And as I mentioned earlier on one of the other poses here, filling in that tricep, he's going to be coming in. We're going to try to get a workout into the other. So if you had a chance or hadn't had a chance to watch the workout, definitely go check it out. I'm sure we're going to throw in some arms during that workout. But he's going, again, he's looking at always trying to improve, getting all of the judges' opinions, trying to work on every single detail, because he's chasing perfection. Again, we never hit it, but it's one of those types of physics where he's always improving, which is awesome. Because that's the kind of mentality you have to have to eventually become a champion. So his lats are improving tremendously, and we want to just continue that. So if you can just get it a little bit further out and create even more V-taper outside of there, that's going to look fantastic. A little bit more detail in the midsection would be great, right in that oblique abdominal area, just from that separation in here. Again, really good chest. That looks awesome right through there. And just a little more overall shoulder size. Just a little bit more would go a long way. It's one of those things though, you do have to work within your weight limits. He gets super heavy. So I do feel like being a little closer to his weight division limit is going to make a lot of difference, so you're not so deflated. So that's one of the other things that he could possibly do to make sure that he keeps a little bit more fullness going into peak week. Now onto the next pose, the side chest. Now on the side chest, this is where part of this is actually posing and they will not judge you. The judges will not judge you on what you look like. They judge you on what you present. And what that means is if you look amazing, but you're not flexing your legs with their ripped, they're not going to judge you on the fact that you have ripped legs because you held it for a split second. If you didn't hold it during the mandatory poses. So it's really, really important that you present well and you present your whole package and you want to minimize your flaws and maximize your strengths. Now here's something where I feel like he could really improve on. Now, earth is not known to be super light here. From here to here, almost narrow ask. Now he can show a lot wider if he just twists. So if he was twisting and he was rotating his body in that direction his upper body, keeping his legs exactly the way that they are, what he's going to be able to do is show much, much, much more of that width. Now he's not able to show that right there. So he's looking a bit narrow. So he's going to have to twist his body. He's going to have to build his triceps here so that he has more depth, the wrist tricep. Continue to keep building his arms in general. We want to keep building that up. And then what he wants to do is here in his midsection, he needs to keep that midsection right there tighter. He needs to keep it in, blow out, get all the air out. So he can be able to maximize his x frame from the side. So that is going to allow him to have way better shape on his side poses. So again, x hail out and then twist even further. Once he does that, he's going to be able to show a lot more definition through the area in his obliques here. That's going to have a lot more detail because he's going to blow out. He's going to be able to squeeze on it a bit and be able to see that. And a lot of my athletes, if you've seen them, what I do is also get them to open up that arm and then you'll start seeing even more. So the hotty chopons and everybody else that has a lot of detail there, that's where they really, really shine. They blow out and then they'll open up their arms and twist. And I feel like hers can pull that off if he just works on his posing. So again, twisting and then being able to do that. Now on this particular pose, he's not we're not seeing as much detail through the area where I would like to see the detail and in his chest could have a little bit more detail. So we're going to go ahead and just push that actually in a little bit of red. And a little more detail through there. Let's go here on there that detail there. And also the detail through the shoulders just a little bit more in terms of detail there. It's going to go a long way. But again, when you start to twist, you'll have that pop, but you'll also have a bunch more separation as well. So that's just going to be also a part of it is presentation. But once again, his conditioning was on, I saw it backstage. I saw him on stage and it was definitely the best condition he'd been. Just can be a little bit fuller and drier just a tiny bit. And then if he was twisting and he was presenting better, then I think he would show even further improvement. So now down to his lower body, really good quad sweep. So that is all we're going to clear that up and we're good. That's a green. That's definitely green right there. That looks really, really good. Could you just a little bit more hamstrings in there. Just a tiny bit more. And then you can start seeing that there's a little bit of feathering. He could have a little bit deeper glute, but it could just be that he's not putting his weight on there. So what I have my athletes do is put their weight right on that toe, push down a bit and you can get even more detail through that glute section. Cabs from the side look great. That looks dead on. And again, right here that arch that fullness in that outer quad sweep looks fantastic. Really, really, really like that look. And once again, continuing to focus on building in those forearms, that's going to help as well because you're going to just not look as balanced if you have smaller forearms. So great, great look, great conditioning just needs to work on just the slight adjustments. All right, we're going into the last pose, back double biceps. On the back double bicep pose, I'm going to go ahead and go green. That lower body, we're going to start on lower body, calves on point, good hamstring detail. Really good quad sweep. So it really helps accentuate the lower X frame. You can see glutes are on point, striated, super tight, dry. That looks really, really good. And again, I feel like sometimes when he pushes on certain different poses, sometimes he lets go of the glutes. He's got to stay on them through the entire pose. So you can't let up because again, by the time they take that photo over that judge looks over from one competitor to the next, if you let go, it doesn't look like you even had him in the first place. So you gotta make sure that you're working on flexing all of the body parts at the same time, not just back double bicep and loosening up the glutes or the hamstrings. You gotta be able to work all the way from the floor up. Now, going into the back, this is where we need to be able to continue the improvement process. The width here is one of the most important things that Irz has to work on going into this 20, 25 season. He's not doing the Arno Classic, he's taking time off, he's trying to work on these points. So working on those lats to be able to give him maximum width because right now, because of that V-taper, what's happening is it actually makes him look not as wide. And again, he's not naturally super wide in the first place, but if he can keep building that back up, that's going to help tremendously with the optical illusion. Because body building is an optical illusion folks. You need to make sure you're able to show off that 3D muscle when you have it, the width when you have it, and the detail when you have it. So being able to also get a little bit more in terms of separation in the inner back is going to make a big difference as well. So as he gets wider, he wants to be able to really hit those lower trap rhomboid area so that that can be able to really pop. So that he shows off that separation and that's when he's going to have that it factor where that eyes are now drawn to that. Right now he's losing on that pose because the lack of the density and the width necessary to show the separation that can really step yourself apart from everybody else on your left and you're right. So that's where he's going to be able to really shine. Now going into his arms again, just continuing to work on him. They're getting better but continuing that process as well as the shoulders. But everything has to grow together because if his shoulders get too big and it's going to make his back look even narrower. So really the number one priority right now is his back. That's what's going to really make his body shine and go next level. So again, he's doing a great job. I'm being super, super picky here guys, but I just want you to know what I see in my mind's eye when I look at somebody's physique and how to make it improve. Okay, and a couple of the key movements that I would make sure that he does not slip up on is rose. Making sure that you're hitting your rose to continue to thick up your back is super important. So Ben Ovarrow's, I'm a huge fan of reverse grip rose, especially to be able to engage that lower lat area in here right there. And making sure that you're also doing multiple grips when you're doing pull downs. So don't just stick to one overhand grip. A lot of people do it. Think it's done or they end up doing a pull up overhand and it's done. Change the angles. It's really really important. You constantly change the angle. So as you're doing a pull down, make sure you're not just using overhand grip, not just using neutral grip, but also using an underhand grip. So it's going to be really important. You hit that back and multiple angles. So between that and the rose is what I would really really focus on going into this prep. Now it's time for the final rating for EURs the Miracle Bear. After placing third and twenty twenty four and from what I see his best look yet, I have him at eight point five sandals. That's right, eight point five sandals and great conditioning just needs to continue working on his back and being able to work on his arms a little bit more. Definitely has room to improve, but he's right there on the doorstep. So eight point five, let me know which you guys think down in the comments below and who you would like to see next on Rate your physique. I'm Hunter Rambad and I'm out.