What's up, fam? Here with another episode of Rate Your Fizzi, and I got a really big boy for this one. We got none of them rubyel, masquera. Again, I butcher to his last name, but you know him as next Zilla. That's right, next Zilla. All five foot 11 of him, believe he's right around that 280 pounds on stage way over 300 in the off season. Just coming off of two big wins. We have the 25 flex pro in Italy as well as the Mr. Big Evolution in Portugal. And again, I was with him just about two months ago, month and a half ago in Italy when we were together at Rimmany. He is a person who is extraordinarily huge. When you're looking at huge and super huge, he's definitely super huge. And so we're going to go ahead and we're going to do a physique breakdown. We're going to talk about what we like, what he can continue to improve on, as he's getting ready for the Mr. Olympia competition, come October, and being that he is qualified, so congratulations to him on that. And do one of these super nice guys. Next Zilla, we're going to go ahead and start off with the front double biceps. Again, he's a monster 511, 280 plus pounds on stage. And we're going to go ahead and talk about the really cool things here. And we're going to put those in green. Obviously, he's got monster monster arms. So if you look at those arms, good bicep, good forms, good tricep, great tricep hang. Looks really, really good. Love the fact that you can see that V taper from the front. I definitely think this is the best look he's ever presented on stage. So very, very happy to see that. Chest looks really good. You can even see a little bit of conditioning coming out of those arms. That looks fantastic. And also, again, when he really is able to pose and hit those poses properly, that waist. That waist looks good. That waist looks really good, especially for how big he is. Legs, monster legs, right? He's just, I mean, that these legs, his quads are absolutely next level. Big calves. He's is a monster. This is a great pose on him. That front double bicep. Again, sometimes he tends to crunch down, sometimes he blows out. I like the way he's presenting here. His front double bicep. But I think that as he continues to build his conditioning, he can play around with the pose because he's so big. He can get away with different variants. Where some guys, they just look too small when they crunch down. And other guys really, really end up looking like they have their waist blown out if they do not crunch down. But I think he can pull off a couple of different variants. But as he gets better conditioning, as he comes to use to keep improving every show every year. What you're going to see is he's going to be able to build different variants of this. But overall on the front looks really, really good. Let's go ahead and see where we can see a little bit more in regards of improvements here, right? So what he's going to want to do is we're going to go into the legs. Legs are plenty big. Can he get more conditioning? Yes. He can get more conditioning, more detail, more separation. He does that. It's going to look even more impressive because he does all the muscle and then some. He can even lose a little bit of muscle and be fine because he's that's so much size. But when it comes to his overall separation, he can improve. So that's where I would want to see more improvement. How is he going to do that? He's going to have to die it. He's going to have to make sure that he really brings to his body fat as it comes down. He needs to make sure that his conditioning and his separation really come to a whole another level. That's what's going to help create a lot more separation in those quadriceps. So again, making sure that you're doing that. Also, some people are going to ask whether or not certain exercises are going to help. Not necessarily. I think this is going to be more of a as he pulls down a little bit body weight. I'm going to continue to keep getting better with his conditioning. But again, if somebody needs to build up their legs, right? What are the king of the exercises? Squat squat squats. I'm a huge fan of hacks as well. So those are the go-to on the quads that I always ask. You know, when somebody's asking where to go get the squats in, get the hacks squats in. That's going to give you that three-dimensional look in the quadriceps. So do not just go on to leg press and think leg press and leg extensions. No, those are great exercises, especially to be able to get your legs warmed up. But do not think that you're going to put on a ton of size with those exercises. It's going to be the squats and the hacks squats are going to be the king of size when it comes to lower body. So let's go on to the next pose. Okay, we're moving on to the next pose. We are doing the side chest. Really see the difference from this year to prior years on his conditioning. Let's talk about what we think makes him better than he was in his previous shows. Okay, more separation, more detail, chest is popping with nice separation in there. He's got great, drew delts. That looks really good, nice, full chest. Conditioning is definitely the best I've ever seen. Arms look fantastic, triceps look good, biceps look great, forearms. Again, I even break down the forearms. So when you are asking to follow arms matter, absolutely. Again, now is it going to make or break? No, it usually doesn't, but does it create a more complete way? Yes, it does. So again, there's a lot of athletes out there that genetically just don't have a huge forearms. And it's okay, but still doesn't mean he shouldn't train him. So make sure you're training your forearms as well. But going into next village here, we're going to look at, you can see some definition all through his obliques, which I really like. I'm going to clean that up a little bit right there. But again, pointing to him, that looks good. Awesome. This, this legs are like top top tier. That's like one top one percent of pro athletes in terms of the size of those damn legs. Crazy. Hamstrings, again, he's got such a quad dominant. You can always work on a little bit more hamstring for drop. But again, I'm just splitting hairs here. He looks absolutely phenomenal. Love the fact the way he's holding his pose there. Glutger at the hardest I've seen him on stage. That looks really, really good. But overall, great, great look, great presentation. I think he did a great job with this posing here, and it's definitely improving. Now, where can he be a little bit more improved? Again, the only place that I think that he can be able to build up a little bit more hamstring to be able to balance out that quad hamstring drop. I think that you could use that. It continues to keep building up the conditioning on the glutes because again, you know, you don't want to end up just growing your glutes. You want to make sure that you keep getting conditioned. So if you're using your glute muscles and most of your exercises like squats and you're doing things that are really got mind muscle connection in the glute, you're going to have to try to deemphasize that by changing your leg position because you do not want to be glute zilla on stage because it can make your back look smaller on your back to the bicep poses. And also, you can end up just end up over developing and creating imbalance. Right? I mean, there's definitely athletes out there that are constantly working on that, trying to work that imbalance out. And then there's guys that have small glutes, not as much of an issue and you can kind of continue to build them up. But there's also guys that have glutes that are too big and then it ends up making them look boxy or ends up looking, making their back look small because again, the glutes, the way that if they're really overbuilt, they can make you look a bit blocky through the glute hip area. So you got to be careful of that. So if you're getting a ton of recruitment through the glute, change up your foot position in your squats, leg press, and all the other exercises to try to minimize that. And then the other thing you should do is also try to pre-exhaust to try to get more quad, mind muscle connection in the quad before you go into glute. So, and don't go out of your way to do any crazy hip thruster, any of those other heavy movements that could possibly help build up those glutes even further. So, again, great, very little to pick apart on that side pose. Now, we're going to go ahead and we're going to go to the next one here. All right, onto the next pose. Back double biceps. One thing that you really want to be able to see here is that really separated back. He's got a ton of size on that back, but can he have more separation? Let's go on this side. We're going to flip it up a little bit. We're going to go into the improvements first that I feel he could make. So, again, size is great in terms of size. Where can we be able to improve? Let's get a little bit more separated. Let's get a little bit more detail through that inner back. Let's get like even the lower trap-romboid area in here. Let's get a little bit more detail. Let's get a little more detail in that lower back. That would be tremendous. Now, again, glutes are ties have ever seen them, but they could be tighter, especially as he continues to really work on separation. The separation is what I talk about that gives you more of that 3D look, because you get that more cavernous look. Some people, I remember Jay Colors just called it, Man, the lumpy back. He goes, man, I'm going up against those guys that have the lumpy back. What does that lumpy back? What does that mean? It means that you just have more separation, and it makes your back look really 3D. Feel heath. Obviously, you go and look those back-to-bull by-sepshots. You can see how separated you are. So, that's going to have a huge amount of differentiation. When Sam somebody standing next to you, hit that back-to-alibisep, and you have that cavernous look where you have that deep separation. That's the 3D look we talk about. Where everything, the muscles are popping, and it's created much more separation. So, as he's getting more of that separation, he could use that here and his glutes that we talked about, his outer quad, his hamstring, all of this area looks great, but if he continues to get more separators through there, it's going to be even more impressive. So, again, great improvements, great job with the muscularity, just needs more separation. So, before we go on to the next pose, I do want to mention for those of you that are watching this, that are interested in my FSC7 transformation contest that I'm doing. It's a six-week transformation contest. You will give, be given the tools for training, nutrition, as well as a supplementation program. And for the price of only $49, you'll be entered to have a chance to not only win $5,000, but give you all the tools to make the best version of yourself. So, again, transformation contest starts August 11th. So, if you're watching this, go ahead and go head to honeyrambaud.com. And for $49, you can sign up, get the whole program, and get a chance to win $5.00. So, I will see you there. I will be a part of the transformation too. No, I'm not going to take the $5K and say I won. But it's something that I want to be a part of too, because I feel like I can definitely use this accountability tool, just like you can, to get yourself into the best shape in those six weeks, as we get ready for the $25 Olympia. So, again, whether you compete or not any skill level, I can't wait to see you. And one final thing, I will have a great forum to be able to answer questions. There's going to be a lot of motivating people in there that are going to be sharing their stories, and also helping out. So, again, we have a great community that's going to also be a part of this that give you get full access too. So, go to honeyrambaud.com for more information. But let's go back to next zone. All right, and for the final pose, we got a great ab thigh pose from him. Now, this is going to really show what we've been talking about during this whole episode. Separation is going to be key. So, let's talk about where we need to be able to build that separation again, quads. Normally, you'll see a huge line right up into that hip flexor. You'll see the Evastus Latteralus, Medialus, the separation between the two, and then you just see everything just really, really pop. Massive quads, right? Look at how thick those quads are. Crazy, crazy whiff. But when he gets really dialed in, it's going to look even more impressive because of how much literal muscle mass that he has. Now, again, going to the great points that he does have. Look at that med section. Look at how detailed he's got a nice six pack. A lot of athletes. Again, it's genetic. Some people don't have that six pack. Some people have the four pack. The wrongings and the fills did not have the kinds of midsection that he has in terms of just being able to be really blocked out. So, again, is it genetics? It absolutely is, but you got to use the hard work and the diet to be able to obviously see your abs. It doesn't matter what level of bodybuilder you are. But one thing that's really cool is the fact that for as big as he is, he's doing a good job holding that midsection. And when he continues to create more separation in his lower body, it's going to be much more impressive. One thing I do want to note though is I would like for him to stay a little wider through his upper body here because if he creates a little bit more width by being able to get his lats to pop. And again, this is more of a posing situation. He's going to create even more of the taper into that midsection. But with his elbows too far in, he and he and he and crunching down, but not really flaring the lats. What it's doing is his making a more look a little bit more upright than who he what he is. So again, the judges can't judge what they don't see. So you have to be able to really present well. So as he's making those minor tweaks getting ready for the Olympia, it's going to make him look even better. So looking forward to seeing Nexzilla on stage. Guys, let me know where you would have him in terms of where you think he's going to place this year at the Olympia in the comments below. And also to finish things off here, you're going to want to know where I have him in terms of how many sandals. Again, 10 sandals being perfect score. I have Nexzilla at an 8.3. That's right. I think he looks fantastic. I cannot wait to see him on stage. But right now, 8.3. And most of that is the fact that I know how much better he's going to continue to get as he creates more separation. But let me know in your comments below what you guys think. Do not forget to like, subscribe, and turn on your notifications so that you can turn around and be able to not miss the next episode of Rate Your Physique. I'm Holly Rambad, 25-Time Olympia Winning Coach, and I'm out. Peace.