Welcome to the next episode of Rate Your Physique. I'm your host, Honier Rambot, 25-time Olympia winning coach. And I'm here to break down an influencer, a power lifter, and all around not just a great bodybuilder, but someone who's been able to do many, many different disciplines within the bodybuilding community while being a huge influencer, none other than Larry Weels. That's right, I'm going to go ahead and break down his physique. I had a lot of requests in the comments. So we're going to go ahead and take a look at Larry. Larry's about 6-1, I believe last I checked he's about 30 years old. I believe you guys pro-card in men's classic physique in Ireland. If I'm not mistaken, again, 6-1 puts his weight limit in the pro rank. At right around where C-bomb was at 242 at the maximum. So I'm guessing he was about between 225-230 and 240 when he got his pro card. And what we're going to do is we're going to break down each one of these poses. And you guys let me know what you think of Larry. Alright, we're going to go ahead and start with the first pose, Ab thigh. Let's talk about the good things that I like seeing here. Look at his taper. He's got a really nice taper. Very nice waist, great v-taper. Good lats. So he's got the v-taper from the top right underneath right where the tears are and right in the upper lat area. You can tell he's been doing those pull downs pull ups. Now he's got the nice v-taper. He's got a good triceps good biceps. So again, starts out on the top looking at their physique on their way down. Love the right leg. That sweep looks really really good. He's a little flat on his left leg, but Jay Cutler had the same issue. Many other bodybuilders have a little bit of asymmetry there. So again, it could be from muscle strains that he's had partial tears. There's a lot of different things that can cause that. But all in all really good shape. Where can he improve? Let's talk about where he can really improve. So Larry, where can you improve? What we can improve on is through the midsection. I would love to see more detail in the midsection. Being a bit drier is going to be able to show much more separation and definition. That is a peaking issue. So again, I know his coach Ryan, they're going to do whatever they can to try to peek him perfectly, but you could never always be 100%. But if he can create more separation and dryness, he's going to have more of those blocked out abs and the areas and his abs are going to show up with much more detail. And then you're going to end up creating a really nice line right where the belly button is. And that's going to be just from the dryness. And then a lot of that detail is going to be accentuated and it really makes that buff-a-zipop. So if he can get that, that's going to go a long way in his next competition. Again, going back to the left leg. Right leg looks good. Left leg needs to be a little fuller, a little bit bigger. We want to focus on that outer thigh sweep. Again, it's not about squatting 6700 pounds. He's a super strong dude. It's about getting some volume with that kind of weight. Maybe lowering it down a little bit. I'd rather be at four plates and doing 15 to 20 reps. Also, lots of front squats are going to help that as well. You used to have Jay Cutler do those. It was a really good thigh in terms of giving you that 3D thigh look, works tremendously well. Hacksquatch work really really well as well. So one of the things that I see there is that if he can build some more of that depth in his quads, that's going to really help with thigh sweep and it's going to help with that bottom of that V-taper, otherwise known as the bottom portion of the axe frame. So as you're looking at everything in there, again, great physique, fill up the legs a bit, a little drier through the mid-section, going to go a long way. All right, now we're going to go on to a back double bicep. Here on the back double bicep, you can see he's got really good size through his back. We're going to go ahead we'll talk about the good points here first and great shoulder width. If you notice how wide he is super wide guy, good arms, that looks really really good. Upper back looks really really good. You can even see his legs from behind which I really like. Where can he improve? Well, what Larry needs to improve is conditioning. So again, between just dieting him down, dialing him in and being able to really nail that conditioning, you're going to get much more detail in that lower back. If that lower back gets leaner, starting out his prep a little bit lighter, we'll go a long way. For those of you that know bodybuilding who've competed before you know, there's only so much body weight you can lose. There's only so much time in that 12 to 16 week prep. You're going to have time to actually lean out properly. If you want to get shredded, you need to start out being leaner. So therefore you can get shredded. But if you start out being just a little tad bit too heavy, you may get lean, but you're not going to get shredded. And that's kind of what I'm seeing here. Maybe start off a little bit lighter with a bit more detail during the diet. I don't think I don't look at this and go man, they messed up the last couple of days. I don't see that. I just see that maybe Larry was just a little too heavy going into that prep. And then if he just lightens it up and gets a little harder, I think it's going to go a long way because he's got a ton of dense muscle from lifting that crazy heavy weight. All he's got to do is clean it up a little bit and then he'll be able to get even more glued hamstring. He's going to get some striations through those glutes. He's going to have even more detail through the hamstrings. And then all that really good muscle that he has built through that heavy lifting throughout all of these years are going to really, really show. And that separation is going to really pay off in spades. So what does he need to change? Really just come in a little bit lighter starting out the program. Get a little leaner, starting out the program. If you took 12 weeks, maybe go to 14 or 16 weeks on the prep or maybe if you started 14 weeks, you can go to 16 weeks and get a little bit leaner in the beginning of the prep and it's going to go a long way. Last thing, caps. Now again, caps are genetics, but if you can do a lot of volume with the cab raises and make sure you're hitting them twice a week, it'll go a long way. See the cab raises for the solius, gastro keeping your legs straight. I think both are important. So don't just concentrate on one. I do like to concentrate on both movements. So again, making sure you're doing four sets, five sets with 15 to 20 reps. Sometimes four straps even 25 reps, it's all about the full range of motion, especially that stretched portion. And then getting full range and making those cabs burn, you're going to feel like they're on fire. Like you poured gasoline all over your lower leg. That's when you know you're going to be able to grow even if you don't have the best genetically gifted cabs like some of us do that or out there. Again, I have decent cabs, but I've seen some athletes I've got crazy cabs in some that look like they're walking on their hands. So again, thank mom and dad if you have them and you should swear them out if they don't, but ultimately they're God given, but you do have to maximize what you have to work with. So do not be lazy about cab training. Just a quick reminder, their FST 7 app has been updated. I just recently put in a couple of new workouts. So if you haven't had a chance to try the FST 7 workout, buy all means, go ahead, check it out. All you get to do is pay $1. That's right for an entire month. You get full access to my FST 7 app. If you do like it, stay on board because I'm constantly in the community forum there, answering questions as well as putting in new content weekly. Use code, honey, yt to be able to get your first month for just a buck. This is one of his strongest poses right here. Front double bicep, awesome peaks right there. Again, I believe he did do a partial tear on one of those arms. If not both from the heavy lifting, but has not taken away, they actually look a little freaky here, but he's got good hamstrings. He's got good hamstrings too, but he's got good triceps, but he's got those crazy freaky bicep peaks. Looks really, really good. Again, love the whiff. Mom and dad did not short change him on that shoulder width. He has got great width. So when you look at the width, you're looking through the shoulders, then you're looking through where the back is. So as you look at that, what you're going to notice is you're going to notice the width through the shoulders, but you're also looking at that crazy v taper in that upper lat. And then you're looking at that great taper in his waist. So again, awesome v taper. Now does he have the X frame? Yes, when it comes to the right leg, he does. When it comes to the left leg, it could be better. Again, could be injuries. There could be some different issues going on with some, some just things that are just not firing. What should he do? Single leg work. So Larry, when you're in there, single leg leg press, single leg extensions, extra reps, extra sets, so that you get proper mind muscle connection. Unilateral machines are going to really benefit you. So make sure you're doing that left leg by itself. Do not just use a machine that's going to have that you're left and right leg. So that way, if your right leg is pushing harder, your left leg will not grow as proportionally as it needs to. So do the left leg by itself, whether it's presses, whether you can turn around and do it even on a single leg press, hacksquat, anything on that left leg to give it some extra stimulus. So you can get that left leg to grow to catch up to the right leg. It would be phenomenal. But again, everything looks fantastic. Really like his front of a bicep. It's actually my favorite shot on him. On to the next pose, we're going to look at the side chest. All right. What could be better? Let's start talking about improvements. Try set from the side. Definitely needs more pop. I would like those delts to pop more. The rear delts, especially bent over a lot of raises, reverse flies get those rear delts even thicker. So he can have even a wider set of shoulders from the side, which you really want are those cannon ball delts. So not only the lateral raises to hit the lateral head, but those bent over a lot of raises to hear that rear delts is going to help tremendously. You can see his chest might be just a bit flat. Looks like they just might have possibly undercarbbed him a little bit, where he was running just slightly flat to be able to not accentuate the muscle fullness or separation, uh, commensurate with his conditioning. Because again, if you know anything about bodybuilding, you could actually look like your out of shape when you're flat or you're just overly dehydrated. So whether you underdrink or um, basically pull fluids too soon or under eat, that can actually show in a form of looking out of shape a little bit. And I think you're seeing that a little bit in this pose. I think he's in a lot better shape than he looks. He just looks a bit flat. Now because of that, he's not having the crazy striations in the size of his legs. His glutes also look just a little saggy in that. You see little bits of cuts, but they're a little bit soft because it's not that muscle is not pushing against the skin. When you end up getting that muscle fullness and then you start to dehydrate a bit, that's when you're going to see really dark, uh, deep detail. So again, it's just those those deep deep lines are going to really really show on that. Same thing with the hamstrings, you're going to have deeper hamstring separation through there as well. When you end up having enough fullness, I just feel like he's just a little soft because of the fact not because he's out of shape, but I just feel like he's just a bit dehydrated or a bit flat. So therefore, I think that's why he's not showing really just that pop that he could be. But again, he's got everything, all the tools to be there. Um, things that I do like, let's go ahead and talk about that real quick. Um, again, the chest is there. We're going to get there. So the chest is all there. That looks really good. You can see striations a little bit forming on the opposite shoulder, but because he's flat, you're not seeing them super, super deep or super separated. Uh, I think you'd even see even more detail through his inner muscles if he was a little fuller believe it or not. And I think that's just something that just they got to work on dialing in. But all in all, great physique, let's move on to the last pose. I'm going to go ahead and go back to his back and talk a little bit more about his back lats bread on this particular pose. I feel that he's underposing this. And what do I mean by that? Well, here, he's got a phenomenal thick back, but he's not showing his lower lats. If he arches his back, okay, this is a posing thing at this point now, is that if he arches his back, sticks his chest up and is able to lift his shoulders, you're going to see much more of these lats spread out and he'll actually show even more with. But because he's clenching down with his shoulders, almost he's going downwards in that angle. What's happening is he's trying to thicken the lats, but what he's doing, he sees not maximizing the width. Now, if he arched his back and was able to pull his shoulders up, you're going to see a tremendous increase in width because he's already wide, but that's what he's really lacking is not just supposing technique. It's just supposing his shoe. That's going to go a long way. So again, arching his back, sticking his chest up and lifting his shoulders up is bringing his lats out, are going to show everything that he's worked so hard for. Now, what is that? Again, you see this, those lower, those rhomboys, the traps, these is that heavy lifting that he does that you've seen him on all of the social media and all his YouTube's lifting that crazy weight. That's what he's built. Now, he's going to be able to show it just a little bit better once he gets his posing down, but really, very, very thick back, great doing rows, doing pull downs. All of those exercises that I've seen him do in his video. He's doing a phenomenal job building that muscle as he dials in that conditioning a bit more and just works on his posing. It's going to go a long way. Again, can he be a little bit better through his legs? Absolutely. And here, and here, he looks a little thin. So again, doing heavy weight with low reps is not going to build up his legs. You got to use that 10 to 15 rep mark. You got to keep that time of attention. I'm a huge believer in that. You guys can go and sit there and argue all the science, all the different techniques, but what's worked for me and my athletes is not five reps, three reps, six reps. It's eight, 10, 15. In that serious, really sweet spot, you're going to get a lot out of that. And if you, I would rather an athlete do 15 to 20 reps with three, 15, then doing four or five plates for five reps. Okay, you will have more muscle gain being able to hit those higher reps with a good amount of weight, then you will doing three to five reps with a super heavy weight. Just remember that. So when you're going to get into that lake press, you're going to go into that hack squat machine or if you're going to get into that under the that squat bar, remember focus on getting volume and weight versus just weight with low volume if you want your legs to grow. So again, it's worked for my athletes for many many years. I think it's going to work for you. I think Larry's got a phenomenal physique. I think I cannot wait to see him refine it as he continues. I love to see him back on stage soon. I'm honey Rambot 25 time Olympia winning coach. Let me know in the comments below where you think his physique is rated in your mind. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to give him a seven point nine. He's got a lot of potential, but he still hasn't met it yet. He's got a lot more room to grow. Get his conditioning dowd in with his coach Ryan. And I feel like he's got a ton more left in the tank. See you in the comments section. Love you all. Honey Rambot. Peace.