What's up guys? Welcome to another episode of Rate Your Fizik. That's right. We took a little bit of time off because we were in Germany, but now I am back and we have just a couple weeks left to the Pittsburgh Pro. It's going to be an absolutely stacked lineup. You got Derek Lundsford. You got Nick Walker. You're going to end up having Criszo, Criszo, as well as Martin. I mean, it's it's stacked. It's really, really stacked. And now I'm sure there's going to be some people that I did not mention that's going to be right up there in the first call out. But I do want to be able to do a Rate Your Fizik with Nick Walker. He was somebody that we definitely saw several times in regards to the request. So let's get started with Big Nick. So first pose, front double bicep, Nick Walker. This is the 2022 Mr Olympia. First place was Hottie Chopin, second place Derek Lundsford, third place was Nick. It's his highest rated show that he's ever done. And I think it's actually one of his best looks. So let's go ahead and go into the green. What do we like about Nick's physique in that front double bicep? Number one thing? His arms. These arms are massive. He has got his arms are about the size of his head. So again, huge biceps, huge tricep. A lot of muscle fullness from top to bottom looks really, really good. I personally really love the arch of that tricep. And that crazy bicep peak is looking on point. Looks great. Then we're going to go into the chest. Really good chest thickness. It just hangs into that area. I really think that someone who is focusing on doing a lot of really good mind muscle connection work is creating that density. And he's doing that. He's using heavy weight, but he's not going super crazy where his shoulders take over. He's getting that mind muscle connection, pinning those shoulders back. A lot of you do not know that it's not about how much you bench. It's about how well that mind muscle connection is working and how you're going to be able to really stimulate the muscles in the pecs to be able to really get that full 3D look. Not only on the side chest, but even here on the front double bicep. Midsection looks on point. In some other shows, I had seen him a little bit washed out here. He looks really good. Nice small tapered waist. He's not known for his waist, but here he's holding his midsection really really well. So you got to give him that. And then the quads. This quads sweep is going to really help. Someone I'll let Jay Cutler where when you have those wider quads, it will make a naturally thicker waist look smaller and it looks on point. Again, doing the squats, doing the kinds of exercises, whether it's a regular squat, belt squats, Smith machine squat, doing leg presses. He's really getting that mind muscle connection in so that he can be able to get those quads to really, really flare and work on that really. Not only the thickness of his quads, but making sure that he gets the quad with. And that's what you're seeing here, right in that area. So that is going to really help minimize the waist ratio. So you're going to get that better X frame that we're looking for, which is happening right here in the shot. Cab fullness looks good. I think now in terms of what are we going to see in terms of the areas of improvement? Well, obviously there's some things that he can or can't do. Putting together the Veracos veins. Everyone talks about those things. They are a situation where it does track from his physique a bit. So a lot of people tend to bring them up. But again, there's only so much you can do with those. I'm sure that he has seen a doctor to try to take a look at those about getting them removed. It is an arduous process, but it is an ice source. So that's why people keep bringing it up. But again, some people are more prone to it than others. But it is something that I do not need to mention. The other spot is the legs in general. If his legs are a bit flat, especially on his right one right here, if that outer sweep isn't super full and popping, he's going to lose that really good X frame, especially the lower part of the X. And what ends up happening is his structure, because of his legs, they're going to end up looking a bit shorter. So that's something that we got to be careful of when he gets up on stage. As he starts to prepping with his team, he's going to want to be able to really maximize that thigh fullness. So again, but it's a really really good shot for him. But again, those are a couple of areas where he's got to be able to see if he can do anything about, especially with leg fullness. Because the varicose veins, like I said, you would have to do those far enough out. I did hear that he might have done some procedures, but we will see come Pittsburgh. All right, guys, before we go on to the next pose, just want to give you guys a reminder that I just updated the FST7 app once again with new workouts. So if you want full access to my FST7 app, go to honeyrambod.com and for just $1 using code honey, yt, that's right, H a n y, y t, you'll get full access to my app for $1. So check it out, and let's go on to the next pose. All right, on the next pose, what we're going to do is break down the side chest. So on his side chest, what I really like, let's go over the green. The green is that shoulder width, that shoulder width looks really, really good. That chest fullness looks very nice. As I mentioned earlier, tricep, bicep, those are all in the green, looking really, really good. Outer quad sweep looks awesome. Really full, love that look, and obviously you can still see some calves right there from the side, some detail. Now going into things of improvement, we mentioned the verifco's veins, but a little more in terms of hamstring from the side, a little bit more detail from the side of that quad. When you start seeing some of those extra striations, and you got a little bit more of that grainyness, it really shows that grainy, almost like a beef jerky look to it, that's super dry, and that gives you those microstriations that really look awesome on stage. Same thing goes when you go into the upper body. It's more of a conditioning thing here. Just a bit more in terms of conditioning through the chest, a little bit more through the shoulders, a little bit more separation in the arms. The arm fullness is fantastic. Just a little bit more detail. Same thing with the glutes. If we can see a little bit more of those striations in there, let me clean that one up. Here you can see just a little bit, but if you could just be a little tighter through there, that would be even more impressive. But overall, a great pose, just when you look at it, you just want to be a little bit crisper on that particular pose, but still very impressive. Okay, now we're going to go on to the back double biceps. So back to the biceps, the stand out, just like on the front double bicep. You got these amazing arms. Look at those arms. So calling out those biceps, great peak, great separation, triceps there are hanging, left one. You can see the striations through there. That's awesome. On that back pose, great peak, forearm fullness looks awesome. Now we go into the traps, traps look great, rhombois look great. Now when you look at that upper back, it looks good, but I feel like you can have a little more density. So we'll talk a little bit about that. I do feel like as he does more rows, he will be able to work on that. I'm going to go ahead and do some improvements on the upper body here. Right here, doing just continuing the Benovo Rose. He has a good back, but it can be even better, especially when you're trying to match up your dealt to that crazy bicep arm that fullness in the peak and the tricep, just being able to get those shoulders to match up. And then you got to match up the back to the shoulders to the arms because they all work together from here to here to here. So again, if you can work on being able to get that density down on the back, it's going to be really, really important, especially going up against guys like Derrick who has an amazing back. That's, that's, you know, that's knockout in terms of pose for him. But when you look at him by himself, it looks fantastic. But if he can continue to keep doing those rows, being able to continue to really widen his back, I think it's going to give it even more dramatic flare in that V-taper is going to go next level. A little bit better conditioning and lower back, but not far off, glutes look really good here. Just could be just a little bit tighter, but they're still good. You can really see those quads had some really good fullness from the backside. Same thing with the hamstring, same thing with the cab. All that looks really, really good in terms of the overall fullness. Now could he be just a little bit tighter? Absolutely. If you can bring in a little more detail into those hamstrings, that would be even more impressive. But overall, a great, great look. I just feel like if he can just bring it in just a little bit more, it'll be even more impressive, because he has so much mass. All right, guys, before we go on to the final rate your physique pose, I do want to remind you, if you're looking to get on my physique transformation site, the truth system, I'm taking on limited clients. So again, you're going to be working with myself, as well as my team to be able to put together a physique transformation program, includes training, nutrition, all of your needs, but this is not contest prep. This is so that you can be able to transform your physique to the best version of you. Limited spots are available. You do have to be accepted, but you can go on to honeyrambaud.com to apply. All right, going into the most muscular, it's going to be our final pose that we're breaking down. Really good shoulders. As we've been talking, arms are awesome. I think that the biggest thing here is that he can still continue though to grow the shoulders to match those arms. So we're going to go ahead and we're going to move that into, even as good as they are, they could be just a little bit better and just got a really, this is, this is a mixed bad here. So as wide as his waist is, the good news is you see this, let's go into that. This blocked out abdomen where those blocks are really prominent. He's got a great set of abs. It's just a matter of his overall width of his midsection. That's a genetic thing. So you have to make sure that here and here, once again, is very, very full. Could he be just a little bit more conditioned in there? Absolutely. Let's go ahead and give that a little bit of a, a little bit of, of help in there. So we're going to do is we're going to be able to get those hip flexors to really pop, get a little more separation. And I think that's going to help a little bit more. But again, this is a top three guy in the world, especially back in 2022. He misses last two Olympios. Everybody's waiting for him to get back on stage. And not only is he doing it, he's doing it with a bunch of really top five guys. You have an extra Olympia. I don't know, again, fourth place last year, Martin, you got some just really, really good competition that he's going to be going up against. And so I love to see what he's going to end up looking like. This Pittsburgh pro is going to be absolutely stacked. I feel like I'm looking forward to seeing him at his best. And he's got something to prove. So again, when you ever have someone that's really trying to prove something, they're going to go out of their way to put in that extra bit of work so that they can bring in their best. So looking forward to seeing him. Last thing I want to mention is the fact that he is someone that has the ability to move up a couple of notches or in a group like this, move down a couple. And he, from what I've seen online, has been putting in the work. So it's all going to be about that final week. We're just two weeks out from the Pittsburgh pro. I know you guys are all waiting for the official rating. This is the Nick Walker that I am going to rate. Let me clean all of this up. This is third place at the 22 Mr Olympia. And I rate this physique at an 8.9. So again, third place, very good finish expecting him to exceed this look. Come two weeks in Pittsburgh. So do not want to miss the Pittsburgh show. It's going to be an absolutely stacked lineup looking forward to seeing everybody there. I will be there. And I can not wait to see all of these top competitors going to get in see each other. Honey Rambad 25 time Olympia winning coach. And that's right your physique.