All right guys. The doc team just showed up for Seabumb. They're finishing up the doc. They wanted to do one final interview with me. It's been an amazing journey that they were able to follow him all the last year from the beginning of the year where he decided to compete all the way to the open show. So being a part of that is special. And it's extra special when you have somebody who can actually follow you, a professional doc team. So the guys are more contatved and amazing job. And this final interview is going to be really, really cool. And I cannot wait to see what the finished product of this whole doc team is going to look like. So very, very proud to be a part of it and being able to witness. I will just a legendary process. Somebody like Chris who made a huge impact in this classic physique division. And basically said the standard. So again, no pun intended. We are here at the gym for the final workout of the 2025 season. We're going to do this workout. Then we're going to go over and do the athlete check in where they get their number, training their music. Do all the paperwork for the final day, which is going to be tomorrow where you're going to have a press conference and then meet their Olympians at night and then roll right into the pre-jetion before we go. So again, this is the final workout. We're here at Coat Fitness, shout out to Mike the owner. Not only does he have the punata equipment, he also has the full line of division supplements. He's a race sold out this week. And then he's getting a reload to tomorrow in terms of inventory. So again, for all of you that are looking for a division in the Las Vegas area, come over to Coat Fitness, you'll be able to not only get to use the punata equipment, but you can also stack that with all the amazing division products. So check it out. One thing that I'm doing while we're here is the batch shut. So what's a batch check? Well, when we do batches of proteins, what a lot of companies will do is just set a flavor and then continuously just try to replicate it and not test it. I'm not like that, especially with some of the more complicated flavors like Dubai chocolate. And we're doing a second or third run. I want to taste it before it gets completed and put into the bottles. So it's a batch check so that I can do it to make sure that we're maintaining some flavor system. Otherwise you get what's called flavor drift. And what that basically means is that due to flavor systems being slightly different, it can create variation. So protein is organic and there could be different differences in bitterness and the base formula depending on if the cows are happier or not, whether they're getting built and made into weight protein. So therefore those slight variations need to be adjusted. So what I have to do is have that sent to me. So again, for the next run, they sent me some material of a batch check compared to the standard. So I have the standard already, so I know exactly what it tastes like and then I'll taste them back to back and if it's good to go and customize 2% of what it should taste like, then give it green light so they can run another batch. So that's what it batched check it. Alright, so what they're doing is they're doing check-ins right now, so they're going to get their number, they're getting all their paperwork, they're getting their list of when they're supposed to be at the different events, pre-judging night show, they're getting all of the instructions, anything else that they might change regarding the formatting of the show and they're also getting any of their stipents. So this is what it's about and then also last but not least, they're getting their music for the night show on Saturday night during the finals so that they have the right music that is going to be sent to their routine. So they're getting all of that during this actual meeting. We are now Wednesday, which is literally 40 hours from now, it'll be pre-judging. For the 2025 mixture, Olympia, check-ins have been completed, they got everything they needed, which is their number, hotty, they put his number one, so he would be the first competitor to go out. I would normally say it's not the best number because you want to kind of have some time to warm up and be able to pump up, but it's also the number he was when he won the Olympia 2022. So again, might be a blessing now that the numbers have been all given, it's been great. Everything is done on that end tomorrow. You have the press conference at noon and then we have Medial and Kings in the evening time, everyone's going to be getting the color and everyone's going to be getting everything without them, so we can make sure that they try to peek on Friday evening. So again, thanks for following the journey, exhausted, getting a little bit of rest and start all over tomorrow.