We're here at Cop Fitness. We're going to be doing a push session. This is going to be one of our last workouts here. Tomorrow will be more of a pump session if we end up having it. That's a discretionary piece. A lot of people ask exactly how we break off the Olympia. Very different of the knee amateurs because most amateur shows are just one day show on Saturday. This is something that I want to be able to do just for the Olympia. And believe they're not the arrow a little bit different than the Arnold. Even though they're both two days. Today, what we'll do is focus on just chest. We'll focus on being able to get the body ready for the climbing. The pump to be able to keep the food coming this week so that we can be able to get it really clear. And then simultaneously start drying out so that we can be able to try to achieve the best way possible. So let's go. Push. It's Olympia Week and we are starting our Olympia sale. It is now live and we are giving you amazing opportunities to pick up free swag at the different tiers. Make sure you load up on the Dubai Chocolate. We'll also apply as last as well as the brand new flavor of EVPAQ Juicy Grape. Get it while you can up to 35% off at Evigenutrition.com. We've got a bunch of good pinata pieces. So again, shout out to Eduardo, Pinata, Rudy Pinata, for setting everything up for us here. My Fiona. He's got a great equipment as well as the whole Evigen line. We have a team of Evigen here. Evigen and the athletes are here. We'll be able to get together so we can make it all about it. We've got to energy this week and really, really excited because we never get a chance to do this. We're not very often, so it's great even during peak week. I'll have a week over in the last week. It's really important that we've made sure that we still maintain someone of heavy weight. Usually, we've got 70% of normal. So again, if you were going to go up to 120, 130 pounds, then you keep about 70% of that. And the reason for that is that you still want tension on your muscle, but you don't want to be able to annihilate it or where she had it was for injury, while you're showing me there with low body fat levels, and you're starting to dehydrate. So again, there's key reasons why you still want to keep certain amount of resistance. But at the same time, you don't want to end up pushing yourself and then causing possible injury. You're going to end up having an issue with a week in one stage, or you turn around, and then just go to the body muscle belly that are completely tore up because you went way too heavy, went too far. That's why we are going to make sure the volume is run down by about 25 to 30%. And then the weight is brought down by about 30%. We got the wall here, we got obviously how to show off on in the middle, recognize the reflex wheeler, and some people who are not recognized the guy on the right. And actually it's one of my old clients that I turned for O Charles Ray Ardy, he coached Mike the owner, and he's also the one that hooked me in my wife up in terms of like just basically introducing me to fairness. So again, Charles Ray, turn pro at the nationals, 2005, and went on to eventually win two, two back in the day to go on the Olympia stage. So again, great athlete from the San Jose Bay Area.