Alright guys, our last workout here at the EVA's UNHQ gym before we leave tonight for Vegas. It's Monday night, just a couple days left, oh pre-judging, just a couple days left till actually meet the Olympians and the press conference. I'll talk about it. I'll talk about it. I'm talking about the doctor, I'm talking about the doctor. I'm talking about the camera, I'm talking about the footage. I'm talking about the footage. I'm talking about the footage. I'm talking about the footage. Saying thank you to everybody that's following them, giving them great energy, positive energy, and following the journey. So thank you guys all, we're going to do this back workout, get another meal in, pack the bags, and head to the airport. Let's do it. Wereach of Films! Let's do it again when we come! I don't have a special place. I'm going to take a drone and take a drone. I'm going to take a drone and take a drone. I'm going to take a drone and take a drone. I'm going to take a drone. I'm going to take a drone and take a drone. I'm going to take a drone. I'm going to take a drone from inside of me. to the guys. Deal! It just made to the airport we have about 15 minutes before we board. So just got here with Patti, Hepie. We got Jacob on the camera set, say hi Jacob, we can shake it up and down, do what you want. There you go. You guys, this is... I think I'm delirious. I slept three hours last night, we've been go-go-go. I wouldn't have had a new blood work too, because I was falling a little bit behind on blood work. I don't ever do that. So I think not too behind, but about a month. You know, I'd like to try to do at least everybody should be doing it every year. For those that are pretty really hard or really managing their home level, obviously you want to do it at least twice a year. But got that done, had to turn around and get so many things dialed in before we left. Again, thank you guys all for the amazing Dubai chocolate launch. It's been absolutely fantastic. Tomorrow we are dropping the new EVP-HU juicy grape. It goes amazingly well with the grape, juicy grape, EVP extreme. I know order 3D, so these guys are HU lovers out there. You got a brand-new flavor that's dropping. So again, guys, love you, appreciate you. And this journey is going to be an amazing, really. Keep it super positive. I'm trying to keep the stress really, really down. As Phil would say, don't go crazy. Yeah, because he's always telling me, Chil bro, chil, chil. And now, you know, we talked a couple of nights ago about 3.4 nights ago. And it's again, just always good vibes talking to the gift and as well as everybody else. Everyone's going to be there. You got Seabomb, you got Jay, you got everybody, all the legends. So we're going to have a talk with you to this. All right, guys. We've just got to the hotel here in Las Vegas. Pick up the rental car, came to the hotel, took us forever to get groceries. Wasn't able to find everything we needed, so that's been crazy. And it's 2 a.m. This is a big time here in Las Vegas. 4 a.m. in terms of just the back home in Dallas. So literally, like, on no sleep. So now it's time to crash out a little bit, and rest up, and then get the first workout in here. And try to start refreshing you. So it's time to do this. All right, so make sure you follow journey, follow hotty's page, follow, you can follow my page, and we'll try to give you full access to all the different parts of this journey. So again, 2025, Mr. Olympia. Just go believe it away.