Welcome to the Truth Podcast. This is your host, Holly Rambad, and I'm here with a special update. Putting together the whole thought process on what Arnold just dropped. He just went live with the announcement of the men's open Arnold, 2026, which is the 50th year anniversary of the Arnold Classic with a prize money of $750,000 for first place. He's raising the total prize money to $1.5 million. You not know all the rest of the details. I believe it sounds like it's gonna be a trickle down of second and third. It's gonna also have an increase. And from what I also understand, the men's classic is going up to $100,000 from what I hear. And now, again, what's gonna happen? What is the Olympia gonna do? Some people think there might be a race to a million, some people think that it might be maxed out. I don't know, you guys, let me know in the comments below what you think, but absolutely, there is a, it's just a crazy crazy buzz. We got the New York pro coming in this weekend. That's gonna be an amazing show. So shout out to Steve Weinberger. He's got some amazing athletes going up. I know Regan Grimes is the one that's the dark horse that's coming back on stage trying to be his absolute best ever. Do not know what he's gonna look like, but very excited to see that as well as Nick Walker, who had a very, very close second place to Derek Lunsford at the Pittsburgh pro. And it's just gonna be an amazing show this weekend across the board in all the divisions at the New York pro. So if you're anywhere in New York, I believe there's some tickets left. So go check that out. And if you're not, then you're gonna definitely want to follow it online. So again, follow Steve Weinberger's page, and I'm sure he's gonna be giving plenty of updates on how to be able to watch the show, whether you wanna go in person and by tickets, or you wanna be able to watch it online. But it's just went from a crazy weekend last weekend. It was an awesome, awesome show, congrats to Jim Manion, Tyler, Robin Chang, the whole Mania family on launching their new Expo. I think it went really, really well. Especially, it being on a Mother's Day weekend, which is always very, very tough, but great, great crowd, amazing energy and what made it the best thing ever was the athletes. The athletes brought it, they all look great. And I know I'm gonna do a separate breakdown on the physics, but I wanted to wait till this weekend to let the New York pro go, because we also still have to see Nick Walker qualify. And I think it's his absolute best look, Baranan, but it's just gonna be interesting to see what happens this weekend because again, is someone gonna be able to catch him? I don't think so, but we will have to wait and see. Especially because someone like Regan, you got Michael Krizzo supposed to be doing it. You have some really, really good athletes that are gonna be just right up there in that top five. And I feel like obviously Nick is the front runner, especially with how close it was last week. And I feel that what we gotta do is that all of this stuff process, I mean, we just the dust of settling from the Pittsburgh pro. And it was such a great show, so close. The expo was awesome, Saturday was packed. And I feel like they did a great, great job. But now you're talking about like, whether it was Derek or Nick, and how close it was, lower body versus upper body, Tyler Manion put together a really good video. So you definitely wanna go see that about what his thoughts were from the judges, from the judging eye, from the judges eye. But also now this bombshell of the $750,000. Also from what I hear, Dubai Pro also just up there prize money to $140,000 as well. So it's just like, I was talking to Ronnie Coleman, he was here with me at the EVGN gym last night. We were talking about it. Gotta put this in perspective guys. It took eight years for Ronnie Coleman to win $800,000. It was $100,000 each year when he was winning it. And so from that 1998, all the way for the eight straight after that. And when you look at that, 800 grand and eight years, you could do that in almost one show now. Let alone now Arnold, Olympia, is Olympia gonna come back and try to up it above that. Right now, I think it's a race to a million. I really do. What's gonna happen? I don't know who's winning at the end of the athletes. The athletes are finally getting their justue. They're getting paid. There was a long time where prize money was fixed at that 100 grand level. Then we saw it at 400 grand. And then now obviously it's like next level. So let me know in the comments below what you guys think who's gonna be able to hit that million dollar mark first, whether it's Arnold Classic or Zilimpia gonna come back. Everyone's hitting me up on text messages right now. My phone's blowing up. Everyone's talking about it. Very, very exciting. And, but again, this weekend, make sure you check out the New York pro. And make sure you let me know in the comments below what you think, who do you think is gonna win the New York pro? And also what you think about, I guess this race to a million almost. I mean, 750 is still just insane. So again, guys, thank you so much, honey Rambad, and that's the truth.