Alright guys, so I'm here with EERS. We just both happen to be the only ones from pretty much the West that are here for this event, the IHFF here in Mumbai. I'm the only one from North America. And he's the only one from Europe. And everybody else are many, many local Indian celebrities, Bollywood actors that are in fitness, as well as influencers. But so it's been crazy the first two days or complete, we have one more day. And another reason is probably because we're traveling right before Christmas, a lot of others weren't planning on traveling probably right before Christmas. And so again, when we were talking about it, we saw each other on the poster and we're like, hey, maybe we're gonna have to get a workout in. So actually we saw as in Prague. That's right. And then I saw like, honey, you're going to, to India as well, right? Yeah. Yeah, what the fuck are you as well? Right before Christmas. So yeah, let us have to have a chance to get a workout in. Now this guy has retired. Yeah, that's where he's just not there anymore. So he gave me all the secrets. Now he's hijacking me. Yeah. That's what he's got. It's okay, I think. Okay. Okay. Good. One. Two. Good. Three. Good. One. Good. Five. Six good. Now this is gonna be a working set. Seven keep going. Going, going, going, two more. Two more. Nine, one more. Okay, you gonna have one more? Come on, go with me now. Go, right down, down, down, down, right there. Slow, slow, slow, slower, slower, slower, one more. Come on, come on, right there and hold it. Five second negative. Four, three, two, good job. Oh, good. That's the set. That's a working set. All right, I got honey. I got honey. I got honey. Best regards to Hunter LeBraar. I saw the video you're killing him. Oh, that's good. That's good. It's time for Texas next year. So if you guys enjoyed it, comment down below. If you want to see some more training stuff, just go ahead and has a lot of knowledge as you may know. A little bit. A little bit. Not too much. Not a little bit. Carry the way. Carry the way. I don't want to expose myself. I don't want that expectation to be too high. I think I've gotten lucky a few times. Yeah. And he is not doing the Arnold Classic. So now he's going to wait it out. Are you doing anything before the Olympia? No. No. So you're going to now, what you're saying? I said it first time. No, it's full focus for the Olympia. I think it's wide open next year. A lot of you guys, but I agree. I'm hungry. Since I started and working my ass off to get this title. So yeah, definitely a long period. Since four years, I didn't have a real off season. Right? To mature the muscle. So I'm excited. I'm going to get a lot too fast. But still get in there. Yeah. It's going to be a good one. Because again, it is wide open. Now with Chris's official retirement. Now you have a couple of really good guys. Obviously you're in the mix. You've got Mike who came up, but you also have Ramon who's not going away. So I'm not really going back. Yep. So he's coming back. Great guys. It's going to be a good lineup. But yeah. That's going to kick my ass to work harder. All right. Let's go. Two. Good. Good. Good. Good. Flex those legs. Keep the glutes down. Great stretch. Even more. Good. Good. Pull. Good. Come on. Come on. Good. Good. Two more. Two more. Come on. One more. One more. One more. Let's go. Right there. Hold it. Slow. Slow. You got one more just like that. Come on. All the way down. Right there. Hold it. That was too easy. One more. One more. All the way. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold the stretch. Hold that stretch. Hold that stretch. Good job. Woo. Yep. I'm coming to Texas. There you go. Good. Good. Good stretch. Good. Relax your traps a bit. Try to get your chest up. And then relax your traps. Good. Good. Relax the traps. Right here. Relax and go out. Just release. There you go. There you go. Good. Shoulders down. Right there. Right there. Hold that. Hold that. That's it. So chicken teacup pump. That's right. There you go. That's a lamb or a bomb. Lamb burgers. That's some good lamb burgers today. That's right. And let's see how that feels. You wanted a stretch more. Yeah. Yes. No. More stretch. More stretch. And then we're going to contract as well. And the grip is like. Just right where you're at. Yep. Medium with. Okay. Good. Stretch it. Good. Good. Flex the legs. Work on that. Open up. Good. There you go. Open up those last. Good. Right down low. Go. Good. Go. Good. Good. Keep going. Go. Good. Good. Good. Okay. Now with me too. Two with me. Good. Good. Down, down, down, down, down. So slow. Slow. Slow. One more. Good. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Slow. Slow. Slow. Stretch. Keep it. Keep it. Keep it. Good job. That's how you do it. Okay. It's getting a stretch. And. Okay. Come on. Good. Okay. Now on this one. Keep it chest up this way. Now. And. And then bring your elbows down. And I want you to feel even more in there. Bring it to here. Bring the bar to there. There you go. Even to here closer to your chin. Good. That's better. Good. Close to your chin. That's better. Good. Right here. Right here. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Keep going. Shh. Good. Go on. Down. Down. Down. Good. Good. Good. Slow. Slow. Slow. One more. Good. Right there. I want to help you. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. Not just stretch. Give it a stretch. Ah. Stretch. Good job. Good job. Good. All right. So what we did is we did two working sets earlier. And then we just did a reverse grip. And then do two working sets. And the reason I like to do the reverse grip is so it can feel a lot deeper into that lower lat is your driving those elbows in. So do you feel the difference? Yeah, that was great. Good. Already with like crazy. Yeah. Super crazy. How many scoops to Saturday? Yeah. It's three scoops Saturday. That's it. All right. Let's take the shirt off. Let's set it to show. Even normally you don't do this until you like maybe you're third exercise. But because we were concentrating so much on that form and that mine muscle connection, I feel like he's going to be super full, super 3D because we were able to get that mine muscle connection right from the RIP. Let's see. Good. Yeah. Good. Yeah. There you go. Chest up, chest up, chest up, chest up. Good. Pull it right there. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Relax. Catch it right. Catch it right. Good. You're just up. Good. There you go. Down and down. That squeeze your chest one right there. Hold that. Hold that. Hold it. Hold it. Good. You got to make sure that you hold that a little bit longer. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit longer. Good. Squeeze that chest. Good. Squeeze, catching up, chin up. Right. Squeeze. Yeah. Right there. Right there. Right there. Just look at that. Five seconds four. Three. Three. Good. a good amount of posing stress session last night that is hotel in the hotel gym and I got so many little tweaks here and there to improve the posing on stage because that's also like one of the biggest it's not the biggest factor on that Olympia stage sure yeah because they all have good muscles especially in the classic physique yeah they all shredded but to present your physicals you never can burn enough and get those informations tips and tricks so I'm everything truth to it and good okay you see how you going forward yeah stop that shit good drop it yeah there you go good that's better stretch that way good and pull into that lap better drop it make it almost feel like it's dead and stretched that's it even more that's better that's better good good good breathe good job good better okay so remember the point don't go forward make sure you go down and then pull right into that mid to lower lap okay right in there okay you're doing with the feet on the pull up you're just kind of pulling forward on that mid okay just try to pull it let it go straight okay got you good good even higher and you're going too fast on the weight on the way up go up and pull pull there you go that's better and then pull an archer back a little bit more even further back row good that's better good your left side is locked up yeah you see how much of a difference it is the range of motion how it feels strange right strength it's because it's that left side yeah told you need to work on it you get a work on it let's go let's stick with that on I think you can go a little heavier yeah let's go like maybe 70s and then that will that will help you stretch a little more too because when it's the way too light it's almost like a squat squatting without a weight versus squatting with a weight getting deep in it will help you the same thing happens with this 100% yeah you know there's many techniques and there's not a wrong way and it right yeah I like it the ordering software upright but I also tend to like a little bit more of stretch at the very bottom almost like when you would say pulling a lawnmower yeah you know I know most people don't know what a lawnmower is but it's it has a string and you pull it to start the motor and that's literally what you're doing with your foot and then you're pulling and that's very very notice movement I did it oftentimes yeah yeah yeah when I was growing up growing the lawn yeah there you go back in Germany best regards to my old obrata I had to do this shit all right okay there you go the stretch and pull good now pull a little bit more and twist your body just a bit more that's better good good excellent stretch and pull excellent good good don't get in front of you too much that's it go down go down stretch and drive there you go now you're getting it you feel the difference good pull good come on come on earth go pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull hold it slow slow slow one more like that goers pull right there hold it slow slow good job okay you got this you got this go good one good two three good the stretch archer back and pull that's it good good a little more straight down good good good good good stretch good good good good good keep going keep going come on good good good going keep going go again pull pull pull pull pull with me with me right there hold it slow slow slow slow slow stretch good job that's it that was good that was so you tried it you're using a straight bar it works really well but it definitely try tends to kind of kick those triceps in further but it's also really nice but if you use a rope you do get the luxury of being able to go past your legs a bit so that's one of the reasons why I always lean towards the rope what do you say honey when people have told them watching and have like this kind of ropes we have them a lot in Europe I don't know how this in the US yeah we have those but now there are some longer one right you would you say you prefer to even longer ones to get more or is it some kind of I like both I think I think when you master using these ropes then you want to go a little full arrange an ocean then you can go a little further down with longer ropes so you get further past your legs for sure but I would start off mastering the shorter rope first okay how's that weight it's okay okay we've got to put your chest down further so when you go there chest down good that's gonna stretch it good stretch up and then pull and archer back and that's better okay so archer back and get your chest up like that best too much okay okay don't lift that much there you go like that good pull good up good good stretch a little higher up stretch stretch stretch stretch good even higher up even higher up or higher higher good let it go all the way up till almost it's about to touch now pull good two more one more good job that's better good okay that's that's how you do it yeah so to to queue in the mind it's like stick in yeah but like going yes arch like doing like this a bit but keeping it here yeah but but you're using this motion and arching your yeah okay so it's like like almost like a pull over machine that's super nice the tip with like turns people fall yes because when you have to intend to do it to overdo it a little bit then it's just perfect because you stretch it all on that's right when you think you're there it's an other 10 percent that's it what do you get me out today yes that's amazing that's all she asked for was your extra 10 percent it's always that's 10 percent voice and girls okay go towards your feet and down okay good go down that's it down towards the ground pull towards around that's better stretch out good good oh yeah good you can now feel your core too pull good good good good more come on down down down down down be slow up get lower the weight going to drop set on this one go all the way over okay good yes let's go let's go with hers go Right there. Pull, pull, pull, pull, pull. Bring those elbows back. Bring those elbows back. Go, come on, come on. Now, part of it. Go all the way to the top. Give me three, three reps. How far down? One. Good. Again. Two. Again. Oh, you got one more. You got one more. Come on. Good. That's it. Ooh. Take him out of the oven. He's gone. Ah. That's it. That's it. That's crazy, bro. Good. Good job. Good job. Thank you. Good job. Pumped. Yeah. Wow. All right, guys. I'm here with EURS and again, top three in the world. Something that I really, really dig about EURS is the fact that his passion is next level. A lot of people do not have the passion that EURS does. And I first heard about it through Seabomb because I know you and Chris are close. Yeah. You know? And so one of the things that he told me was like, EURS is a guy that is one of those body builders that is doing classic, not one of the other types of competitors who is just doing it to do it. And I know exactly what that means because I've had a lot of athlete with that are really passionate. Then I've also had ones that are just kind of going through the motions. And I've realized from you, this guy could definitely do open. Like 100% he has to hold back right now. Very similar to what Chris has done to be able to do that. But I know his heart and his passion right now is classic. Yeah. But because of the fact that he's also in the mix, again, would you ever consider doing open? Yeah. I say never say never. You know how it is. Also with your coaching, you'll go and your business, you'll go one step in front of the other. And right now it's the classic and the next is on him can I'm focused in. But time will tell and a few more. You're more work out to the funny and some protein shakes. Then maybe we are there. Yeah. We're going to do a couple of two scoop Sundays. Yeah. It's in barbecue and a couple of kebabs. It's Persian hotty kebabs. That's a special one. Yeah. And those are the ones that are going to make you grow the most. But again, looking forward to being able to get a couple more workouts with him. We've been talking about it for a long time. Here in Mumbai has been amazing. We are now finished with day two. We're going into day three of the IHFF. And this is going to be great to finish off strong. And then trying to get him to Texas so we can get to my gym. Do some training. Eat some good food. Maybe shoot some guns. Right. That's good. Have a good time. I'll hold over to. So yeah. So if you're not following him, shame on you. I'm actually following hers. Put his link down below. On your hand. Buh. Buh. Peace.