Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, honey Rambot and I have two special guests with me today. None of the then seven time miss figure Olympia, Sid Gillian, and her coaching, Damian, the producer. Yeah. I remember one time you reached out to me and asked me if I was going to see you. Yeah. For the, yeah. Because I'm the pro creator. Yeah. And I said, no, I like you too much. I see you. I was a little bit lucky for you. But welcome to the Evejian HQ and finally we've been talking about you coming out here for a minute. And you've been actually an evening coach, a longer than Sid has been an evening. Yeah. Yeah. And it's cool because the other part about this is the fact that you're always, and I talk to Sandy about this all the time. You're like the shadow. You come in. You handle your business of the shows and then you roll out. Yep. Okay. And so we're going to go into a little bit of depth here on your history of coaching. Seven Olympia titles with Sid Gillian that's sitting right across from us. Yep. Also, you have several other titles. So let's talk about those. Oh, man. First one started in 2016 with a Courtney King. He was probably better know her as a C-Bum's wife. Yep. And then Sid all came along and then during that time when he joined my business partner. Yep. And then Andrea Shaw came along. Yeah. So yeah. Those are those of my Olympians. Yeah. Champions? Not too shabby then. Not quite where you're at, but you know. Hey, man. I'm getting there. Hey, man. But you keep getting more. Yeah. I'm not going to kick you. I'm like, I'll go one year. I think you had the after Jeremy and Phil. I was like, all right. I'm a catch-up. And then like, you have to that. You just went like, well, I'm like, I'm not catching up. Hey, you never know. But you're doing an amazing job. Thank you. And you know, you've been with the brand now for how many years? Well, long time. So I mean, I remember you and I were just in the gym just about an hour, two hours ago. And you remember the original EDP. And you're like, it was great. But it wasn't even great like fruit. It was great. It was great. It was something. Yeah. It was the original EDP. You know, it's weird though. I remember even a couple of years ago. I don't know how many years ago. But it was long when it was gone. I still had some. I remember trying it. I was like, I kind of missed it. It's like a pixie stick grape. Yeah. Yeah. Very weird flavor. Yeah. It was just enough to cover up it all of those amino acids and all the other ingredients. Yep. Because it was a combination of what was back then, EBP and Selkham. Yeah. And then, then what ended up happening was I ended up pulling the, because it was like 70s. I think retail was like 70 bucks at the time. And so what I did was I ended up 70, 75 dollars pulling out some of the ingredients and making its own product, which was ended up being Selkham, which was the second product I ever made. And then EBP was its own thing. Yep. And then, you know, I tried to make it more specialized at that point. And then we got really risky and came out with a second flavor. But that was like after two or three years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was like the 30 year. For the longest time, yeah. That was all the flavors. It was that was it. It was like you could have any flavor you want as long as long as it was great. Right. That's it. But, um, and then obviously, I found out that you had sit on it. And then, I was like, we ended up chatting it up backstage at the Arnold Cup a few years ago. And then, ever since then, it's been like, onward and upward. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, look, man, there's a lot of things that we can talk about. But one of them is your journey together with Sid. I mean, she's gone for number eight right now. We're just over six weeks out. And how does it feel to have someone going for number eight? I mean, that's the lucid number eight. You know, you know, it's so much. I mean, you probably can talk more. I'd be interested in here how you, how that year went for you. To be honest, I try not to process it. I try not, I just treated as another limpia for me. To be honest, I feel like if the more you think about it, the more you just end up just chended over think, you know, as coaches, we tend to try that out think ourselves. So they just chuffed and are coaching instinct. I feel like I'm a very instinctive coach. I've been very successful with that and I try to overthink the process. So yeah, that's my honest answer. I just haven't really thought of it. Yeah. So you're basically chasing it like it's the first one. I guess that's exactly how I took it to. And all that. And then I know that Sid with you, it's been many years. Did you have a coach before or was there a different coach? My parents, my friend, we were kind of winging it. The map I still live is. So we were just kind of like, oh, we're here. Let's just see what happens. Let's maybe not carve up. Maybe we should. Maybe we were just, I mean, real do a wing it. So I had a friend who was like, maybe you should try eating like this. And so he would make like a rendition of a plan that I would keep for the entire year in the next year too, because I was like, oh, you use the same diet plan, use the whole time. It's just still working now. But hey, let me just talk to you. If your coach is starting off with maybe, maybe maybe we should, maybe you should look at talking in the new coach. That's that's a scary term. Maybe maybe we should. But so you guys got together what year? That was, it's almost over nine years in December and it was after my second Olympia. That's when we started together. And it was like a fluke of a story for like those who don't know. Yeah. It was me and the girl named Adriana Kyle home. She used to compete. Yeah. There was a go. And so we were going down to the victory gal. I was like, girl, we don't have any seats left. The only two seats left. One next to D, one on the other side next to like Shannon Day, I think it was. I had no clue anybody was. Again, I'm winging it. I don't know anything from a can of paint. I just know that I'm here. I made to Olympia. This is great. And so I just sat down and he knows, I don't talk. I'm like, I'm not a talker. I will sit there in silence and be content with just sitting there in silence. So I sat there. If somebody speaks to me, I speak back. I'm not like a, oh, let me talk first person. So he started talking. I was like, don't know who this guy is, but he kept talking. But he's an anti-must. I was a lot more handsome back then. She wasn't married back then. She wasn't even in the picture. That's hilarious. So I was seeing my song then. And then that's when we first spoke. And then I was seeing him. I like at the Arnold the next year. And then he was always like, Castle Joe, you know, he's corny. So he cast a little Joe here. He's corny. And so then he reached out. I remember how he reached out. But we, we talked and I said, hey, it ain't up to me. It's up to my mom. Yeah, I'm gonna say it. I was like, you got talking to my mom. Because my mom was shut it down. Because she was, I was a child at the time. I was like, I had just turned. I was 22. I was 23 when we started together. I was 22. So my mom and my friend who passed a few years last year, they watched my back to make sure I wouldn't talk much other wrong people wasn't moving in the wrong circles. And make sure I was protected. So that nothing ever, I was never taking the advantage of. I was always like, I had people who have my back to make sure I was on the right path. And so I was like, it's not up to me. If she says she's cool with it, she's cool with it. Because before I was just me and my parents and my friend, we were just again, winging it. So for us to allow somebody else to come in and again, as a control freak, we're letting the rain go at that point. Like, yeah, we were winging it. But it was a controlled winging because it was in my hands. It was still in my control. If I messed up, I messed up. When I put it in somebody else's hands, it's like, it's a different, different effect. Where do you get that controlling nature? I'm a perfectionist. No, I did get that from your mom and dad. I like their both perfectionists in their own ways. They're both I really graduates. They're both like, my dad was a valetary and getting to all I, A, I, B, he was very much like that guy. Where did you go to school? University of Pennsylvania. Nice. For the first one. And my master said USC. Nice. Yes. So we came from a Ivy Owl cell. My sister's Ivy, we graduate too. So we were, everybody was regimented. So we all always just strive for the absolute best and whatever we do. So that kind of came from that. And then I think I'm more controlling than all my family members. I'm not not not lying. I'm pretty, I'm pretty sure I'm like the, I'm pretty up there with me. What is your husband thinking about? He's used to it. He's kind of like a, he's role-melos. So he's like the perfect man to the myying. Like I'm up here. He's like, baby, it's not that serious. I'm like, but it is though because it's Lisa that. And Lisa that. And Lisa that. So he gets used to it. And now he loves it. Yeah, he loves what she comes and stays in Arizona. I know that. Yeah, speaking of that. So 12 weeks out this year. In the past, you would do eight weeks out. And then it was a 10. And now it's a 12 weeks out. You come over, stay with Damien. You train at his gym. You're there for the entire 12 week prep. Or I should say closer to almost 11 right. And then you leave. Like halfway. We usually drive up if it's in Vegas on a Monday. Okay. Yeah, the Monday of the show. You drive up together. And you guys are staying together. And then are you guys staying at your house? Yep. That's a room for her. It's always been there extra car. So she uses that. She gets everything set up. And then do you have to go for it? No. No. No. No. No. I'll try not to be home when she comes there. I disappear. He's everywhere. Yes, I disappear. So we very rarely see each other at the house. Yes, you still have the course scorpions that come in at your house. And the new house I'm in, no, but that's not what you're saying. Don't jinx me. I had to come on now. No, so I'll tell you story. Uh-oh. And I remember him telling me. Right. Dude, he goes, hey, dude. You know what? Scorpions, right? I'm like, yeah, but you don't have He's like, yeah, I put my foot into my shoe and I have to find him in my shoe. Yeah. And I'm like, dude, I will never go to Phoenix ever again. I was like, hmm. I've been stung at my previous house. I think three times twice in my bed. Are they, which are they the seat like they are? The barbed wire. We're going to see the one that can crawl. If they can crawl, like if the wall ain't, there's a little ones you don't want to get bit by. So what, what happened? They just, they, they sting you. I don't know, but did you have to go like, anti-men? No, that's like a rouse name. It's like very, very few people have that better reaction. Kids and dogs probably, yes, but most of us adults, it's just a very uncomfortable paralyzing thing, you know what I mean? Yeah, that's crazy. But that's a sense of commitment, too. Yeah. Because I know, you know, normally we get hotty out here right around six seven weeks out. And again, you know, which is about half the prep. But with you guys out there, like that, you guys ever get into it? No, never. Never. I've only had a yellow two times. What was it? What was it? What was it two times? I was losing my mind. Yeah, one, one was in a mind. And then one time she was not how she should have been on the stage. And that's probably why when you were talking when we shot the video about her posing and the reason why she practiced is posing so much because that litter asked up because we lost because of her posing. So what was that? What shows that? Phoenix? No, we didn't lose. No, no. We were just kind of like it could have been a loss if it had a repeated result. Before you started winning the Olympia? No, I had one. Yeah. Okay. That's the crazy part. I had one. So it was like a show. Did she, it was a show she lost off? No, no, that was a Brazil when Victoria, you can hold your quads. Yep. And yeah, I lit her ass up because I was just like, how are you going to lose a show posing? You know what I mean? That was when she L'Otoria, I think, had won maybe one point. Yeah, and she was like chasing at our heels. And that should have been a show. She should have been able to kind of go over that hope and turn the corner and she just couldn't hold her. You know Steve, I think it was Judge and oh yeah, you know he buries you when he tries to pose you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She couldn't hold her quads and I just said never again. Like you'll never, you know, lose a show because you can't hold a pose. So now if you watch Olympia's, she's the only person that doesn't reset. Doesn't, doesn't, doesn't relax her arms, doesn't try to like do look. Nope, she'll hold that pose for as long as they want to hold it. After that one time. Oh yeah, that was, I was, I was scared for myself because I was like, you know how to hold a pose like what's going on? It's all said okay. Were you coaching back then? Yes, you were. I started coaching when I was 16. Right. Yes, I was been a long time. And did you ever coach competitors? Because right now I know for the audience that doesn't know, Sid is a very, very well respected coach in terms of posing. And when I say posing is not just figure athletes, it's bikini figure every single division of the NPC, IUP pro League. She goes over every single one. I guarantee you, if you made one up, she'll be able to teach you. I didn't learn how to pose in the bedroom from a man. Okay, I'm gonna show you that one too. That got extra. But that one is going to be in there. She'll make up some of them. Yeah, but you can get paid on it. She's gonna figure it out. But did you ever try coaching like athletes when you do nutrition or training? I tried once. I had a one lady. She was sweet as Pysh. She was CrossFit. I just said I think you can do it. But this was back before like the whole reverse dieting came about. And all the new healthier ways of dieting. So I did her those. School of diet, pooled those carbs up that cardio. There you go. You got to girl. Get up on stage. Get what you got. After that, I looked around. I said something shifting in the industry. I was like, there is a better way to do this. I don't know it. So that means I don't need to be trying to do it. Right. Like, let me just stay in my lane and just pull over to posing only. And that's when I just, I never did it again. She was my one and only. And that was when? That was, I think I just got in third place at the O. So it had to be, what was that? 2016. 2016. That was the last and only time. What was your first Olympia? My first win? No, first Olympia. 2014. 2014. I just graduated from college. Yeah. I think I was coaching Nicole back then. Yeah. Yeah. Back in the day. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. Me, you mean, you mean, you mean, you. Yeah. And then, you know, some don't know that you did a TV show. Yeah. A little small one. Yeah. A little small one. Yeah. Yeah. Talk about that. I was on Survivor for a while. I was almost almost, it would be nine years ago now. So it was an experience that definitely helped my life outside of the stage. Because a lot of people, they bank on success, financial success in the sport. And that does not happen for everybody. So for me, I was broke with a joke going into my first Olympia. I was bank on the dream, Max, not the credit card saying like, all right, you can do this. You'll be mislampio one day. And I had this belief that I was just like, okay, though you're maxing out the cars, everybody should not do this, though you're maxing out the cars, you know, like you know when your heart hurts that this is your destiny. This is what will happen. And I banked on myself. And really was like, all right, if you go maxing these cars, and you broke as hell, you better put some foot to the gas. And so that's what I did. And it all worked out. But it's a Bible was the jumping stone for me to actually get some financial stability. Because that just graduated and couldn't get hired anywhere because I knew I was going to really, again, I believed in myself. And I knew that I couldn't go into my first four to five hundred job being like, oh, I gotta take off and go to Australia for a week for a bodybuilding show. Like, let's be for real. That's no, that's not, that's not okay. You've been Ronnie, Ronnie Coleman, eventually it came to a head as a police officer. And after he won his first Olympia, second Olympia, they were giving him a hard time because of all the time he had taken exactly. We're doing appearances and being Mr. Olympia. Yeah, it's built. Yeah, I've been that was just half a hour away from here in Arlington. Exactly. And it's just, so when you went, got your degree, what was your degree in? My first one was in psychology. Okay. Which again, to be fair, I knew the wasn't any money in that degree. But again, I also was going to a school that people killed themselves to get into it to get out of. So for me, it was like, let me do something that's going to make me happy in the allow me to find some type of happiness at the school because I did not want to be one of those students who got so bogged down because a lot of us there are perfectionists. So you have to find that balance where you can still thrive, but not so much what they push you over the edge. Because it's completion of happens. Jump off bridges and jump off rooftops. And I said, that's not going to be me. So I found that balance to of how to moderate my perfectionism to where it's only beneficial and not at hindrance to my life. And that started then. Yeah, you are the most driven people I know. Like literally in any industry and I know people in tech, I know people in entrepreneurship space, everything. And you're like, you know, we joke about it and I call you the Swiss watch because everything is just precisely measured. Everything you do at the end is it something that you've always been like ever since you're a little or is it something that just turned on and will have college or what was that about? I've always been very type A my entire life. I've always been regimented. I was the kid, like the little, I was like, I'm a closet nerd. So I was a person who like break down the pins, put the pins right together. Like, oh somebody's not going to my desk taking too long to put something together. I put together myself. Like I was the engineer type. And so I was always regimented. I think it got more intense as I got eight. If I was at age. And I recognize the importance of the values that I've been still to myself and then my appearance has been still to me. And the habits that I created, they just only found me success. So it's like a fifth found success once. Why not continue doing it and then go to another level with it to see how much more success you can get. So that's just why I just keep getting crazy and crazy. Every year she creates a new habit. It's like her goal. Like, I asked like, what's your new habit this year? Because I think most people when they find success, they they're speed up or they slow down. She speeds up. She finds another way to like level up to another level, which even makes me even level up as a coach. So it's definitely um keeps me moving. Keeps me young. So what's your new habit this year? I've had about a couple. So let me get my order. I gotta see when they came in. So I think a couple year, well, the most important one, like we talked about my cheat mills, that was very important. It was so important that it allowed me to get another month and a half of cheat mills this prep versus last year or much stuff got pulled fast. I was like, pal, when my food go. But it's it's it's it's more so as I get older, it's more so about foresight. And it's like, okay, so if you want to have this little cheat mill, how about you can dent it so that you can still have it as far as you can and then go from there. So all my cheat stay been like, I have a minimum. It has to be two burgers, two fries. That's the minimum. Otherwise, I shouldn't just have the cheat mill. Right. And people, I've seen the massacre. She calls cheat meal eating. And it's it's it's it's don't look it. It's like everybody wants to see national geographic until you see my right like this woman is five foot what? Almost five work. Okay, five for a good day. Yes. And then you're 100 and I don't know. I never tell my life. We don't tell you well. Well, I'm just going to say it's between 100 and 150. Okay. And even in your off season, which is much heavier than that, if at all, you can put it away like dairy lunch for. Yes. Okay. I've seen how he choke on me. I've seen Derek lunch ready. I've seen Ronnie Coleman. I've seen Jay Coler. He. Hell, I've seen Phil Heathie. Okay. And there's a reason why we call him Burger King. He's kind of like he could put away the burger. Yeah. You know, we call that the Royale, which is yeah, right? That man can eat. But you, there's levels to this game. Yeah. You know, and I always say that, but this, so when you say double, like you'll do a burger and another burger. Yes, two burgers and minimum, two fries and minimum. Minimum two. Other than that, at least a severe hunger pains. No joke. Yeah. That's the minimum. What's your favorite burger? Oh, red robin, the barbecue bourbon. Oh. Yeah. That's a good burger. It's not only the Super Tattoff fries on the side, or if we talked about, you go to five guys get there fries, put those on the side, and then you get another fry to go with that one. And they don't have regular fries. They put like a bag of fries and something like that. That's why you go with your ear. Yeah. And what do you order there? You just get the little fry. Oh, you don't do the burger there? I do sometimes, but their quality has gotten a little bit of support, so I just stop going to that. Okay. Where is anybody from five guys? Yeah. I know. If you do that, if you have tightened up and then if you then call us and if you want to do sponsorship. So yeah, absolutely. So you end up doing that. Yeah. And like just for the audience, say here, can you just describe some of your biggest cheat meals because I know some of them? Oh, the ones that got have gotten visualized are nowhere near the what I used to like when me and D first got together. Mine do. Here's let me give it a purpose. When I first started competing for the first 10 years before I met D, you know, cheat meals existed. You ate whatever you wanted and then you pulled your carbs for a couple of weeks. That was it. I was 13, 14, 15, like I was a teenager. So you could pull your carbs and eat whatever throughout the year and be fine. When I got him, he said, you could cheat me off it. Say, let's. So I did. So I will go and I had this big muffin I would get from Sam's Club. Okay? You start there and I tell Reese I say, babe, we started dating this time I said, babe, we had to go over to five guys. I ate the muffin on the way to the five guys. Okay? You get to the five guys. You have the pizza at the house. Small one to be fair, for small. Okay. And then you have the pizza and the fries and the burger. You put that together and then you do the Puzuki. That's the pizza cookie with the ice cream on top of that. Yeah. And that's that was the biggest one. That was me. There would be like a public sub in there. That's the healthy one. My pub subs are the healthy ones. See, that's my refinement. There you go. I no longer eat pizza on shegnals. I don't eat pizza at all. I don't eat pasta at all. Why is that? It's just too much dairy. Yeah. Like all eat it like when I do my food festival post show and that's even gotten better too. I'll eat pizza then that'll be one of the year. That's how a Ronnie was. Ronnie would only eat pizza once a year and it was after the Olympia. He would order like 10 or 20 pizzas. Yeah, but even eat them all. Okay. He would bring it for the family. Okay. So Ronnie's family would be back at the sweet after the show and then he would bought you know order like 10 balls of Dom Perignon and then he would order 10 or 20 pizzas. And so we'd all go back there. Do a prayer and thank God and then it was time to eat and it was pizza and champagne. And so Tina his sister who happens to have her and I share her birthday. Jen, you know, Jenny, fourth. So she's a Capricorn like me and she's a very type-in. She's like you too. She's like type-in. Everybody at this table is type-in but then you're type-in. A plus plus plus and that's the one on the end. That's a plus plus. That's it. But he would turn around. Honey, honey. Man, hurry up but eat your pizza, bro. Because we got going McDonald's. Right? So I'm like, okay Ronnie, time to go McDonald's and then what are we going? Man, then we going club. It was one of those things where it was just pizza but that's when only time I ever seen me pizza is right there and then after that it was always eye-hop and then out loud. My eye-hop and I love my eye-hop. And then black eye-peter in the day. Okay. And so it was just boom boom boom boom and God rest her soul. His mom when I arrived come over there. She knew I liked that hummingbird cake and then she would make me hummingbird. Oh honey's in town and then she's like dude, my mom like love you. She made you hummingbird cake and it should bring over the hummingbird cake. I didn't know what it was. This is cinnamon. Okay, that's so good. I didn't know what's in until the day. Pineapple, the manas, yeah. Yes, it's amazing. Wow. And then so she would make me that. She'd come over. She'd pull up and Ronnie would always buy her a new Lexus and then pull up in her new Lexus and she'd just pull right up on this front of the house. She'd come over there. Leave the door open. Come right up to the kitchen. Get all the food. Have it there. Set. Okay. See you later. Hey, I'm like love you mom. Yeah. You know. And but it was amazing. So it was one of those things where I know about certain people wanting certain things and also just understanding it. I remember Flex, we were telling me stories like his thing was like Wendy's love Wendy's. Right. Unfortunately, he would eat it during his prep. Oh, yeah. So a little bit of self sabotage. And then his wife would find the wrappers and you can see the car. Right. So drive through and all those and I feel that it takes it now a lot more of that mental toughness. Yeah. And it and I think that that's what coaching really has become for what you do and what I do is just to be able to reinforce those things to be able to have clients such as said to be able to really put an effective game plan together. Because in the back of the day, I think we had a lot of people who had a good genetics, but they just weren't mentally strong enough to be able to really hit the plan. Yeah. And then when you do find those people who are coachable like Philly, you know, who coaches his whole life who really came up with just really, really good coaching division one, basketball player and being able to have someone like that with a drive and focus. Then you get some amazing results. Right. So you get that hard work plus genetics equals greatness. And right now, you know, you guys are chasing number eight right now. Right. So again, there's been a couple of people Ronnie Coleman, Leighaney both hit it eight. Obviously Phil chased that. I still see things to this day. He could have won that one. But unfortunately it didn't work out for him on that one. But I think now when you go back and look at the pictures, most people were like, oh, look, I'm back out of deep. Probably should have won that. But and then obviously, you cannot leave out the legend Iris Kyle who had won 10. Right. And and she doesn't get enough accolades. She really doesn't. So shout out to you Iris. Honestly, can't wait to, you know, eventually, you know, have her out here in Dallas visiting us, because she has some amazing perspective. And it's one thing to win. It's another thing to repeat over and over and over again. What do you guys think has been the hardest thing for each of you, starting with you said, what's the hardest thing when it comes to this repeatable process that you guys are creating right now? Honestly, none of it because I'm so neurotic. Anyway, no matter what I would do, I'd be neurotic about it. So it's kind of like, oh, so people think, oh, how does it feel? It's like brushing my teeth. I've been this is my 18th year competing. So my entire teenage years, my entire adult life. We're talking to you 25. I love it. Oh, I wish. But it's it's none of it is hard to make anymore. It's because you do the same thing every single year and do it better and do it longer. And I just simplified the process so much. Because I don't have time to really think about it like they said, we don't we don't think about it. I think once the job is done like, all right, when we need to go back and figure out what we we aiming for next year. Looked then, after that point, it's time to do the work. No point in keeping just dwelling on it. See what needs to be done. Get your critiques. I still get my critiques. I still hate. What a job thing. What I need to do. So you go with socked Sandy. No, yeah. I don't. They'll come and tell me the critiques. Sandy Steve, I'll. Yep. Tell them what I need to do. Do you get different critiques from different judges? Yes. Yes. Gotcha. Just I can get different viewpoints because again, all those scores matter. The more ones you get, the better. So I think at this point, since it's been so long, it's just in my blood and how I move that none of it. I feel like a lot of people overanalyze the sport and overanalyze themselves in what they're doing. Like, yes, I'm overly analytical, but in the day, that's what I have him for. He's my brain. All I need to do is do the work. So you basically execute and let him worry about putting the game. He says jump, I say how high. A lot of work. A lot of work. Hey man. A lot of work. I don't know the little thing of the show. You do. Yes, you do. I've watched you over the years. And I'll be peace on the sideline. Yeah. And then he's peace behind me. Yep. You did a good though. The last Olympia we were in the Arnold, or the Orlando. You had an air buzz in. And I tried that last year, because that's how you two years ago with that. That's a good idea. Yeah. Because man, those voices and noise in your head. Well, let me be honest with you. I'm going to give you a little secret. The reason why I have the air buzz in is they're not on. It's so people don't come talk to me. Yeah. So again, probably shouldn't be putting this on. People are going to be tapping on the show. Yeah. Listen. I know you hear me. You don't even have a phone in your hand. No, but it's a thing, man. It's a thing. There was times where I would go to the gym. And I would have back before we used to use air buzz. Use the wired hair person. And actually, to be honest with you, I'm kind of going back to that. Because I don't know about all this wired, you know, I've got a relation for these air pods that we're using. And a lot of the frequency and what does the cells around your ears. So I'm definitely going back to using the wired ones. But I would literally have it there. And I wouldn't even have a plugged in. It would just be in my pocket. And then they're like, hey, what's going on? I'm tapping on my camera. I'm like, I'm going to be doing things at hanging out. I forgot to think about it by pocket. And they're like, do that even plugged in, bro. I like it. New technology. You don't even plug it in a more. It's the Persian version. Right? It's the Persian version. But on all honesty, I mean, that's what I was doing. When you saw me is because I just don't want to drown out the noise. And because again, you got thousands of people within the arena. So you're not going to be literally talk anyways. I mean, it does have noise canceling. So if I do need to get a whole somebody, I can't call. But a lot of it is just to block out the noise. And also to just kind of be able to say, hey, look, dude, I'm working right now. Yeah. I'm not trying to be rude. And just being able to create a little bit of that kind of barrier. And so when you're stressed out, what do you do? Are you a person who is the guy that sometimes five o'clock in the morning you're getting up in your like Holy shit? We got to start, you know. I used to eat, but you know, something happened a couple of years ago. I have no longer eat like I used to. Can you talk about that? Yeah. It'd be the first and never announced it. But yeah, and at heart attack, January 28th of 2003. So yeah, I was having a heart attack for about three days. Before I realized it was a heart attack, I just assumed it was a little bit of maybe a panic attack. Because no need to deal with a lot of stress. You kind of used to being anxious, drove myself to the hospital on a Sunday and never got out for a couple of days. So yeah. So the minute you went in, did you know you were having a heart attack or did you think you were, you said you were, and again, we talked about this a little bit right after that happened. Yeah. But when, and I appreciate you sharing this with the audience because look, a lot of coaches are listening to this, competitors, ex-competitors, and just being able to kind of understand the mindset, right? We were going to very high stress type of business. Yeah. And the only thing that's more high stress than coaching is winning. Yeah. Because you're trying to do what you're, for you live, I careously through your athletes, trying to keep them on top. And as you're trying to do that, you're literally giving bits and pieces of your soul to reduce the friction of the athletes. And I don't think that everybody realizes that and how hard and how difficult that is. Because what we do is we are the ones that are going to not sleep. The ones that are not going to eat, where are the ones that are not going to train? Because we want to do everything we possibly can to make sure that our athletes are going to be their best. And so when you were going through that, did you end up realizing that moment when you got there that, hey, look, I got to change, or can you walk us through that a little bit? Yeah. I'm probably going to get a little emotional and I'm already starting to get a little tear. I'm as hard to talk about because I didn't, you know, I don't, I think when you get to the level that we're at, you don't really think about like life or death, you just think about doing your job. You know what I mean? And I just focus so long on just doing my job. And I don't really think I ever really cared if I lived or died. You know what I mean? Just then I do what I do, you know what I mean? It's what it is. You know, especially as men, you just, you grind it. It's just what your tie, you just work until the day you die. You know, it's just kind of, you know, tie a group at least. So yeah, when I went there, I wasn't, I didn't know what was going on. So I walked up to the counter and said, hey, I think I'm having a heart attack. They took any KG and actually said, no, you're not. But something doesn't sound right. Let's, let's take you in the back and draw some blood. So when they were back there drawing blood, the lady who was drawing blood looked at me and my job was getting really tight. My chest was starting to really hurt and she's like, are you doing okay? And I said, I think I'm just anxious because you guys keep, you know, poking me, you know, pulling blood out. So I was like, well, let's run another EKG exam. I had the lead still on me and they ran that. And as the cardiovascular surgeon or whatever was on staff was walking by, they were like, hey, do you want to look at this? And instantly he goes like he yelled something like, change a plan. I think people, next thing you know, a curtain flies open. Five people come in, they're speaking in all these tongues that I never understood because I've never dealt with anything. And my family was heart disease. So I called Whitney Jones, my business partner, a financial MP of the champ. Because she's dealt with heart stuff. So I called her and she told, you know, put me on speaker so I can hear. So she was talking to the doctor and then I had about 10 minutes after that. I got well done in a heart surgery. So I remember my dad just recently had passed and I remember just saying, I'm not allowed. I said, lower down not ready, so don't come give me. I said, I'm not ready. And at that point, I realized that I didn't, didn't want to die for the first time in my life. Because I had all these people that, I didn't tell anybody. Very few people found out. Very, very few people found out. And how people naturally heard because it went through the great vine and I realized that there's a lot of people that care about me. And it really bothered me that I didn't care enough about myself to take care of myself. But like you have people that care about you. And you don't even care about yourself. So it really kind of pissed me off. You know, you got to do better. So from that point on, my life changed drastically. Like I actually enjoy what I do for a job. You know, I enjoyed my profession where I was before. I didn't ever stop to enjoy it. It's not like I just liked what I did. I just never took the time to actually appreciate it. You know what I mean? It's like I enjoy the people that are in my life. I enjoy going to competitions. I just, it's, I don't know how to explain it. It's like being a morning get, you know what I mean? I think as men, you got to hit rock bottom, whether you're an addict, whether you're whatever it is, you got to hit rock bottom before you want to really change who you are as a person. And I've changed a lot about who I am as a person. And I can honestly say I'm a much better person. And I, that, that was a necessary blip in my life. Like that had to happen. Had to happen. So I'm grateful that it did as, as maybe dumb as that sounds for most people for me, it was like like faltering. Yeah, well, I think that obviously everything happens for a reason. But you go through that after I heard about it. It was one of those things because again, we were in the same circles. Right? And you call me from the Arnold. Yeah, what the hell? Why did you tell me? Yeah. And I'm like, what the hell is going on? And you're a couple years younger than me. And so obviously, I'm thinking of myself number one, are you okay? And number two, you know, when I see you when I see Kim Odo, when I mean, we all roll together. Those days, yeah, right? Yeah, that's what you can. Yeah. And we, we've been doing it for a long time. And one thing we all have in common is we always put everybody else first. Yep. And I just feel like, you know, you have so many people out there that are coaches. And all we do is we bleed for our athletes. And I remember I think it was a conversation I had with with with Nauz, my wife. And I just said, you know, one day something's going to end up happening. I don't know when. But I hope it doesn't. But it's going to be one of those things where you're going to end up on generation iron. And you know, it's a no-bituary post because you just took a too far, you know, and think into myself. And saying you'll get a bunch of comments saying I love this video or whatever. And then they'll think about you for a couple of days, maybe a week max. And then it's over. That's it. And your wife, your loved ones and your child is going to be the ones they're going to really miss the shit out of you. And it's again, you have to really take on the ability to put on the auction mask, right yourself before you turn around and try to save everybody else. And me and see if I'm we're talking about it last week. And it was a continued conversation from the first year, I think we worked together in 2022. And it's really there's not a more prominent statement than if you don't take care of yourself, you're there's nothing else behind it. Right. You have to. And we don't, so many of us as coaches don't understand that. And because we always go back to what we know. Yep. And I feel it's like it's one of those things where you have to relearn and remap how your mind thinks and how he go because again, you know, I know you've lost some weight. Yep. But you are never heavy. Right. You never had high blood pressure. No, high blood pressure. Right. I mean, I know heart problems run in my family. Nothing. Yeah. And so you had nothing else going. Blood worked looked okay. Yeah. No. Don't drink, never done drugs. Right. So all of those things. But I think the one thing that you did have was you to eat, right? Your stress eating the home. Right. And it was like when when the stress to reduce the stress to be able to get into a state of relaxation, to be able to sleep. And we have done it too. We get one big meal. You have an eating all day. And you're hopped up on energy drinks or whatever. And then all day you don't eat. And then all of a sudden, you're like, hey, look, ran. I got to put myself into a food coma. So I can sleep. So if Medicaid goes the way, go and do it over. Yeah. And that's it. And then we get feeling like dog shit. Yeah. And you should do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. But so what have you done to kind of circumventing now? And what was the procedure? They do, they do stints. Yeah. So they put two blocks that were like 98, I believe. Okay. A third that was 50 and a fourth that was 30. So they won't stint you unless you're above 80. Okay. So I had two stints. Of course, they put you on medication. Right. I was on all those for the first year. I was on five of them. And then I started cleaning myself off. Some of them just to that just they liked the side effects. Yeah. Just like, like, blood glucose, mean you were talking about, you know, bringing pre-diabetic diabetic. I was starting to get to where I was more on the high end of the pre-diabetes than it was on a low end. I'm half a span of so runs on my family. Leverend enzymes, highest they've ever, ever been in my life. For those guy high from the stands, which you and I talked about, I think when we're talking on the Arnold. So some of the stuff I went more natural, you know, went over the countermeasurement. I was in a medication and then just really just shifted my diet. If you were to tell me, like, if you were to say, dam you, like, on this podcast, I'm going to give you $10,000 if you could stop eating junk food. I would say, keep your money. But the day I walked out of that hospital, something flipped and I just, you could put pizza cake in front of me right now and that smile all the time favorite wouldn't bother me. Wouldn't bother me. Like you're just flipped and I just said I'm not doing it anymore. So I just don't eat like that anymore. You know, I still enjoy food every once in a while. But when I enjoy it, like I can go to a burger place and eat a burger and not have to eat my fries. That's just weird. Like it just, it's just something just flipped. For more balance. Yeah, just flipped. I just don't do it anymore. Are you getting workouts in now? Yeah, getting workouts consistent. I still did back then. But you know, how it is, you know, your workouts, you know, your phone answering and some more time on a meltdown, so your workout goes to text message. You know, I coach women. I get lots of meltdown. But yeah, I just, and then prioritizing sleep, you know, where a whoop. I was talking to C-Bomb when he was at the gym. Like two years ago, excited to start at wearing mine. I saw he worse. I got all excited to ask him about it. Just really paying attention to everything. Whereas before I, I don't know, I didn't know when I just didn't. So if you retired, then matter, you know, drink energy drinking. Right. Not getting enough sleep, drink energy drink. Right. No. Maybe taking an ad role or something. Oh, you do what you gotta do, you know. Right. Just don't do that anymore. So it's not like that energy drink will last me like two days. Right. That's it. You know, now I just, I just, you know, and the people around me know that I'm going to prioritize myself, but still give them everything I got. They just gonna know my tanks long and ask for a day. I'm gonna, you know, go to bed maybe earlier. So if you need to talk to me tonight, honey, I'm gonna be in bed by seven o'clock, you know, because I know I need to get my sleep. So. Right. I just, I control what I can control. And I don't stress as much as we're like, I still, you're still never going to work me like you coaches out there. Like you know, you're just not going to work me out of the coach. That's not going to happen, but I will make sure that I'm healthy. You know what I mean? So it's just different. Yeah. No, that's, that's, that's it. You know, it's good to hear. Yeah. It's good to hear that you're building that balance. Yeah. I still don't like to lose it. I still don't like to lose the course. But that's what a good hand. That's what I got. I handle it differently now. You know what I mean? I move on a lot quicker from it. Yeah. Because you know, well, on it. Yeah. We're in the sport. You've been doing as long as you have. You're going to have more losses than you're going to have wins. That's the fact of the matter. Sure. When you don't like to lose, it's not, you know, losing sucks. It does. But, you know. But now I enjoy the winning, you know, as before I never enjoyed that. So I never got a high. It was never a high of like, you know, all you want. Okay. What's next? You know, I think people don't realize when you're working at this level, you're actually not chasing the high. You're actually chasing the low. You're trying to actually stack so many chips. The high is the gamble. Yep. Possibly not winning. Yeah. Yep. That's, it's just like a gambler. My dad had a really bad gambling problem. And one thing I learned was the fact that you do not get a high off of winning. They'll keep playing until they lose. Because a professional gambler knows when to walk away. Because they have a system. And that's why it's their profession. Yep. A gambling addict is a person who will continue to chase the loss because the high is actually in the loss, not in the win. It's that guy, like kicking the guy that I just lost $10,000. Yeah. $50,000. Whatever that is to that person. And I feel that when we're doing it, it's the same situation. You just don't feel you're numb to the win. Yeah. Because you're chasing all the way to that loss. Not that you're ever trying to get to the loss. No. But you're just trying to keep stack in the chips because all you're doing is you're playing let it ride. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And so it's a funny thing because there's not a lot of people you can talk about that. Because it takes a while. There's a very select group of people that can actually feel that or experience it. Yeah. Because you're literally chasing a record. Yeah. You're chasing a decade of just domination. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And so what happens is you're really trying to get to a situation where you're just like, you make yourself sick. Yeah. Physically, where you feel like you get to throw a lot. Yeah. And I've been through it many, many times. I'm sorry. I'm not a wife. I'll tell you. It's like, and there's a lot of people on this planet that will tell people, you don't know what I go through. Yeah. But this is something where I hate to say this. They don't know what we go through. Yeah. It's a whole different conversation because a lot of people are just trying to chase a win or maybe one Olympia win or just win, you know, local pro show or whatever it is. But when you're trying to sit there and win the Super Bowl over and over again, it's a whole different animal. Yeah. And you have not only 11 judges, but you have a million better online that you have to try to be able to also convince that you're athlete wins. It's a whole different scenario than it was 70 years ago. Yeah. And there was no internet. There was just social media. There was no, none of those things that were going on that those those champions didn't have to have the scrutiny that these champions have to have. So it's much, much more difficult. But I guess with all of those things being said, is there anything else that you can share for these coaches out here to be able to understand and how to build balance? Oh, it might be better at that than me. I'm still trying to learn it, brother. I mean, you're the one that had went through, you know, life, altering event. That I'm trying to stay away from. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean, just stay on top of your regular, like, be consistent with your checkups, like give blood work done and pay attention. But you were doing your blood work, right? Yeah. But I just, I wasn't, I think I wasn't really paying attention enough to like some of the markers of like a heart attack and stuff like that. And common sense would tell you what we're doing like you, you, you, you know, you're at a time. How do you get your body? No, I don't think I just did the basics. I did like, oh, my hormones, my testosterone, my thyroid, all that stuff, but not really paying attention much to anything else. Right. So no, no EKGs, no cardiovascular tests. Not going to see cardio. And I think everyone thinks you have to be a certain age and the fun, like the funny thing was the day I went in, there was four other men there, all 40 and under that all had heart attacks. Wow. Same day, same hospital, you know what I mean? So like there's, there's a pattern here, you know, and whatever it is, that's another topic, another store, you know, another day to talk. But I just think, um, a lot of us are just not as healthy as we think we are, especially in the fitness industry. We look good. We're healthy. We're lean. We're basky. You know, you're not a witty. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, a little bit more stress than me. A little bit more. Like I said, there's levels of this game, but yeah, yeah, yeah, he's a little bit up there. A little bit up there. Yeah, just just take care of yourself. Listen, listen to morning signs. I say, our bodies are always going to give us morning signs. You know, you got a headache for three days straight. That's not normal, you know? You dehydrated. Well, get hydrated. You still have issues. You have in heart palpitations, you know, are you taking energy drinks at a role? So like that, to get you going. If you are, get off of it and see what your body does. And actually get checked. You know, I think it would men just don't men just don't want to do stuff like when it comes to like health. You mentioned to add to all a couple of times. Were you using an off and off for a while? No, I didn't like it. I didn't like how many fields the next day. But I would use it when I would get back from a trip. And I knew I had to sit down and knock out like 20 plans or something like that. Got it. I would take like a half, like maybe 10 milligrams. But I never, I don't, naturally, I've been a addictive personality in the substance. Just goes, going up with my mom and stuff. I just didn't like how many fields. But still, I still rely on it when I needed it, you know, and energy drinks. It just can be, you know, certain ones can be amyping and probably just as bad. Yeah. Yeah. And then lack of sleep and lack, you know, bad foods and this is all. Yeah. So it's a really bad combination. Yeah. Yeah. I think the lack of sleep is a big one because that triggers everything else. Yeah. Because the longer you don't sleep, the more likely you're to eat. The more likely you're not to sleep, you're more likely you're in a caffeinate. Yeah. The more likely you caffeinate the more likely it's not going to work and then you have to use it as stronger. Yeah. All of those things going hand to hand in your heart becomes even more just, you just get more taxed because you're adding so many stimulants to it. Yeah. I think you have a lot of international clients throughout your career and I have some. And yeah, trying to find that staying up late enough to talk to someone so. But then you got to wake up early because your East Coast people, if you're on the West Coast, are up. It's just like, you always tell yourself, I'm going to catch up to one on. I'm going to get more sleep than you never do. So I think just making a good plan of attack, like being more like, you know, sit and maybe some of the athletes are having a schedule as a coach is probably I'd say probably my best tip that allows you to most success for a long period of time. Which is the most important thing you learn from said, oh, wow, that's a good question. Good question. Just her level of success. I'm now, like you've always been successful since I've known you as far as like multiple ventures. I'm now at the point in my life where I'm like, okay, what else besides just my coaching? So I would say, yeah, looking at a bigger picture trying to find ways to help more people in a way that's not just through coaching, you know. So that's my process and my mind now is trying to figure out that process. So, well, you get a person right across here. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, she's successful on anything she's ever done and I have no idea. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. You know, and like I said, I think it's inspiring. I think, Sid's, what I call it is discipline. Yeah. She's ultra disciplined. Not that you and I are not. Yeah. But I think she is disciplined in a different format in a different way. Yeah. And not a lot of people are built that way. Yeah. Where they can turn around and be able to structure their whole entire day to be so ultra organized that they can be a high level performer. Yeah. And I feel that that's what a lot of people should aspire to, you know. And I think if you really break it down, Sid, what do you think is a, if somebody wants to become a bit more like you, where they can become more organized, more focused, what do you think? Well, how would you coach them into being a better version of themselves? Always said the plan is a plan. So I plan, like we talked about ahead of time. So if my day, so for instance, we're coming here. If I knew my time schedules were changing, I don't change my sleeve schedule. When I go from Georgia, I wake up the same time I wake up in Georgia. Any other time zone. When we went to Arizona, then we came here. I read it in my whole entire schedule to go to CST, change in my time zones. So that's part one of the organization of organizing your business is organizing what you have to do and what your plans are for that day. Then that's step one. But a lot of people get caught up in the planning because they're like, oh, this is too much. I want to be spontaneous. I want to, okay, then you won't get anything done. If you have one thing to do in your life, that's cool. But if you're a mom, a multi-business owner, you need to structure it so that you're able to give each piece of yourself to every single person. Like even when my family came out, that was a plan day. They came out this past weekend, a plan day that you get this amount of time. After this point, I'm also able to be a boundaries. Get your boundaries people. The boundaries in the schedule, nobody plays my schedule. My schedule is sick. And then I can make adjustments as long as the schedule allows it. But I think being so rigid and so rigid is the word. I'm very, very rigid. Like I can be adaptable, but I'm more so rigid, 99% of the time. And I think that's what I would start with. Get more rigid with your time. Get more selective with your time, whether that comes with the people, what you're doing, what actually matters. And a lot of people don't know how to prioritize. Like especially when I'm in prep, my priorities are prep. Nothing else. It's prep. But how do you not get distracted? Like social media, all these things that people, I just notice it's a problem for a lot of people. I think what it comes down to and I always say this is a lot of people don't like themselves. And in our industry, I always say I'd say a smooth 95% are insecure. So if you start from insecurity and not liking yourself, you're going to allow other people to tell you who you are. So part one is knowing who you are. Can't nobody on internet tell me nothing about me. Not to my face, not behind my back at any point in time and I've always been that way. So always say like back in the day, like people use to try to bully me, I can't be bullied. But you're going to tell me, because I got to slick mouth. Okay, because I will talk back. I don't, you're not going to play with me like that. So I think people want to have to get a backbone. One have to love themselves and know themselves and take time to sit with themselves and not reach out for other people's perceptions of what the other people's pat from the back. And I think that's the key thing for me and the key thing that a lot of people should focus on is again, when you love yourself, everything else falls into play. And I read this quote other day, it was saying discipline is the highest form of self love. That's me. I love myself. I love myself more than anybody else can ever love me. And at the end of the day, I'm going to make sure whatever I need is set because I can't give to anybody else if I'm not good. So I get really strict with my time. That was my husband, my parents. I don't care what's going on. I tell them, listen, this is my time. I need this for me. You have the other, um, teeth, mumps. This is my time. If you're not okay with that, you can go. And so that's another thing with the boundaries. Because again, I know who I am and I tell people ahead of time, I communicate very well. This is what I'm doing. If it doesn't align with you, that's not my problem. And so I think it's hard on the boundaries, hard on the self love and hard on the not caring what other people think. I think, and that just comes from self love. Did you, should I care? Were you always this regimented or is this something that you kind of continue to kind of progress into the current state of mind that you're in? I would say I've always been regimented. I had to give more regimented when I went to probably about a time I started ninth grade in high school. Because I started competing at that point. And then so I would have volleyball practice, basketball practice, track practice, I practice at two places, I practice at school with high school. And I went to the more house with star college in Georgia. I will go to practice with their coach. And I also had to train for bodybuilding at five in with my mom before school even started. And then do my homework after I got done with all of my other extra players. That's 993. And I'm great. All the way through high school. So by the time I got to college, I was like, oh, this is a breeze. Like, I've already had my time management down. Like, I am a time management person. And it just made my life so much easier to them. Ables do all the things everybody's like, oh, if you're that strict, you can't do all, not can do more because I am that strict my time. This gets this much, this gets this much, this gets this much. And when you're regimented like that, it allows you to do all the things and do them well. And that started in high school. So have you ever had friends that have asked you, hey, can you help me be this regimented? Yes, one and two, the struggle. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we won't mention our name and she's a dragon. No, we're good out. Oh, we got a coat. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, she's, she's a skiing- Oh, I think I know it is. No, we ain't talking about it. We're talking about it. We're talking about it off camera. She's a high level competitor, right? And you know, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She MPs, you can better MPs. Okay, no. MP, you can better. High level. And so when you were doing that, did you get heard or read some books? Is it like that? I'm just curious because what I'm thinking is that someone's listening to this podcast going, God, man, I wish I was her. I wish I could be able to be that productive that I can be that organized. What could you suggest people do that are listening right now to be able to become? Because they're not going to be you overnight, right? And again, what could you give in terms of advice that somebody can be able to learn to be more organized, meet more disciplined, and somebody who can create more structure in their own life? Say no. A lot of people are scared to say no. I'm a no queen. No, no, no, no, no. No. I think of you. You know that. I think a lot of people, they're scared to say no. And that's what gets you in a pickle. Because then your whole schedule is overdone. You're wondering why you're overwhelmed. You're wondering why you're just because you did not say no. Because you're wondering why you're just saying no, yes, to things you don't even want to do in the first place. How has that been if it in your life? Like certain things, yeah, you go ahead and say yes to it. I get that. But saying yes to everything? No. No, you don't have to do that. I think one super learned, because again, saying no allows you to know yourself, know your work and have boundaries. All those three things set you up for success in any fast. But if you can't say no, not going really how much else to do. I mean, you and I get a learned signal. Yeah, yeah, I say no. Say no. No. That'd be nice. That'd be like, what? The one time I really tried to put my foot down was with Seabomb. And that lasted a week. That lasted a week. That lasted a week. That lasted a week. That was like no. My wife's like, you really think maybe I'm this one you should consider this one. But yeah, I think it's, it was one of those things where a lot of people are trying to relearn that. And like you said, number one, I see is that people play a victim. That's the number one thing. They always want to point the finger at somebody else. They never want to point the finger of themselves for the decisions they made for where they're at. The second thing is that people do not want to grow. They just feel like somehow they should be able to really level up. And they don't know that you have to. It's like training. You have to create muscle discomfort for them to be muscle growth. The brain is the same way. And what doesn't happen is it doesn't, you just don't wake up and throw a laptop underneath your pillow. And you end up sprinkling some water on there because it's not smoothness. And you're like, I'm going to turn around and create my own AI. This is why you know, I wish it did. Probably done the future. I call Elon here after we're done. But it's one of those things that doesn't happen. And so you have to be able to pick up a book. You've got to be able to listen to a podcast. But not just say it there and be like, man, that's going to be inspiring me for about 30 minutes or an hour. It's really trying to create effective habits. And those are the things that are really, really important. And that's why I think bodybuilding is so key because it teaches you discipline. Because you've got to get up in the morning. You've got to make your meals. You've got to do your cardio. You've got to be able to train. You've got to be able to make sure that you do possible. Your second session in a cardio. You've got to be able to do your ad work. You've got to do your post. You've got to do, you know, do all of those things. Right? So all of those things. That's why it's so important. I feel that everybody should do at least for one contest our entire life. Yeah. Because it really sets your brain into a different thought process and pattern so that you can actually be able to do more. Because otherwise, if you're not physically in this comfort, you're mentally never going to approach the maximum version of yourself. And that's where, like I said, it's inspiring. Because every time we talk, it's one of those things. I mean, even when we talk, I got you to say yes once. Yes, you did. I said yes a lot. So yeah, I was. I was a boss. But no, it's especially when it comes to social. And we talked about this during our gym session. And it's one of those things that you're doing a little bit different. This year that you're used to not doing before, which is actually being able to make people a part of your journey. This year, as you're going for number eight, you have been able to be very open about my suggestions about saying, hey, look, share the audience a little bit of not only what you're doing, but how you're looking. I'm not sitting there saying, hey, you need to do your updated pictures. And you know, when you're sitting there doing your updates, but maybe a little bit of, hey, this is my journey. This is what I'm doing. And I'm training. And I'm wearing a crop top or I'm wearing a cut off or something like that. So as you're by changing, and I guarantee you, he would have bet me. No, it may be nervous. But yeah, it does was pretty hard to tell you what it got. No, it was a big harm. You have not been calling you on the phone. I've been like F-no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, now post-heart attack. Yep, I'm good. Now I'm like, you know, her career and it's up to her decision. And she was okay with it. You know, it's been good. Well, is that mostly because of the fact that we come from back in the day of not sharing? I'm, you'll never hear me talk. You never hear me give a prediction. I just, we don't talk. No. Her thing is, you know, oh, action. Yeah. It's silence for a reason. That's your little, you know, things she has. And it's one of those things like, I know y'all competitors love competing, but you get on stage before the Olympic and you give me a long enough time to get a sneak peek at what you look like. Yeah. Not a good idea. Not a good idea. Not a good idea. Because you like to turn around and be on that level up. Yeah. You come to my backyard and show me what you look like. That's also a part of the sport too, because even for me, I know all my competitors are weaknesses. Every single one. If you're within that top 15, I've seen you win a show. I know what places you got. I know what shows you then I know why I beat you. Right. And that's a part of being competitor. So if I see it up close and person, I never see anybody on stage. I see me and I look for my coach. And I listen for my parents. That's it. I don't see what happens on stage until I watch it back. And that's when I start to study. And I'll go through each carl out. Watch and turn. Watch and turn. One person at a time. I say, OK, that's why she got there. And I'd re-judge it for myself. So I can see and assess what they're looking like now, what they look like next. Where this could go left, where this could go right for them. Different things like that. So I'm able to, because I'm a student of the sport in the day. And the thing is, it's like football. You watch tape. You need to know how people move. So that's what I do in this sport. She gets every live stream. Obviously, she has a lot of athletes that are competing. That she coaches so she watches. But she'll be texting me. You see someone's so blah, blah, blah. You see it. And I said, I already seen it. Trust me. So we always know what's coming around the corner. So what do you think of the Texas pro? He's so funny. He's so funny. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was, it was definitely a smaller show than I expected, but it makes sense because at a certain point, people know who's competing in certain places. So they try to shy away from those places. Sure. Which is neither here nor there. So what I did see was it was cool to see updates on what bodies look like. Current time. And then you just watch and look and assess and see what's the same. See what's not. See what could go left. And then keep moving forward. We see a lot. So let me ask you this. Because you started at the same time I was coaching women. It's time. How do you see the difference of the different areas? Because I had the Jenny Linera. So then I worked with Nicole for her last two Olympic events. And then there's now. How do you see that era? And this question is for both of you. What do you look at? Starting with you said, do you see the differences? I'll stage. Definitely. At thousand. I see it on stage and I see it backstage and I see it online. There's three different avenues that are all substantially different from that time. Because back then, Instagram, I think when Instagram was getting hot, when like 2012, I just got my pro-card at that time. Back then, the girls were nice enough on the NPC level. I will say as I started winning and doing better, that shift it quickly. And I was a part of the large part of the shift, the touria myself and Candice, of that shift. And I'm going to just be honest. When that shift started happening, a lot of people didn't like it behind the scenes. I don't know what they saw out there, but people got a real uncomfortable, real funky about it and real mad that we were starting to win. And you can take with that what you may. But being a part of that change, it allowed it to become what I view more of figure, which is you need a bit of muscle on there to have a figure. I consider a muscular action figure, a muscular Barbie, that's kind of the thing. So when I was first starting out, I had to get skinny. It's what I called it. For me, I had to be a twig. I mean a twig. I had to weigh what I weighed in six grade on stage. In six grade. In six grade, I was 120 pounds. My first pro win, I was 126 so can win. Wow. That's a problem. You still had cheeks. I still had cheeks. But I was a twig. And to me, that was an issue because even my friend, he was like, listen, you can't train. You can do pull-ups. You can do lunges and you can run. That was all I could do. That's crazy. Yeah. That's not healthy. No. And so thankfully, the shift had happened and it became more of a folder look, more muscle. So that way, you could include different body types. You could include more nationalities that are able to hold that muscle and being more included in the sport. And I think being a part of that shift was pretty cool. Now in terms of the ladies, we are very much more in a social media era. So a lot of people are coming in without the love for this sport. Back in the day, you were doing bodybuilding because you wanted to do bodybuilding. Now I was like, oh, can I get famous on TikTok? Oh, how much money can I make? Oh, can I get this sponsorship? Right. So it's very much more show and tell. And I think that's the main difference in why I shy away from updating myself with the new era because I wanted nothing to do with the showiness of it. Because y'all just want to be seen. I'm here to do the work. Yep. We're here for two different purposes. And I wanted a clear distinction to say, I don't need all of this that you have going on because I know who I am. I know why I'm here in my resume speaks for itself. And so that's why I was more so apprehensive about showing more of this game because it was thrown and like now granted to be fair. It's not like I'm out here with everything out. It's like a jar of the ratios. You're from saying that. Yeah, belly button. Belly button. And you're talking to that said. Exactly. But for me to even have a show to out. It's like, okay, my people are like, say, this is crazy. We're not used this. And I, but I think what I've learned so far is the appreciation for it. And so that's when the benefit of social media does help because when you have your tribe, you have your tribe. And those people were right for you. They don't even, they've never met you. They just watch you and they rock with what you stand for. And I think that part of the apprehension also was a lot of the people who follow me also with the same build of doctors, lawyers, CEOs. And they're like, I don't want to see all that either. And for me, I say, I got it. I don't need to put it out there on the internet. I can look at the mirror and see what I got. I don't need to be like those other people. And so for me, I was like, how do I make this transition where I don't ostracize the people who back me for decades? Before I was anybody, before I was misalmpia. And then updated to where I can still include them, but not brushed them off as if they didn't matter. And if our viewpoint didn't matter. So I think that was a large part of my growth. And I'm actually really, I've gotten very used to it now. I've been like a couple months now. I'm like, oh, okay, I can go out. I didn't even go to the grocery store and like, sleeves out. I didn't, I went to social media. So that was you in general. All the time. This general. Wow. Don't look at me. I'm like, I am good out the way. I stay out of my own business. That's what I do. I'm on my business. I stay to myself. And that keeps me out of mess as much as possible. But I think that was the biggest thing. But the update has been really, really cool to even see my older people. They're like, say, we understood. And then keeping, I did a YouTube about it to tell them like, I labeled it being the private person in the social media world. Two different things. Like, even mostly, but if you don't know my husband, you don't know his name. I don't tag him. I barely post him. And I told him when I have kids, you won't see them. That's not in your business. This is social media. This is don't ever act like a lot of people are entitled. They think they're entitled to know everything about this is not what that is. I'm going to give you what I'm going to give you and be appreciative. And so what I've learned is they are appreciative. And I think that makes you want to give more because they're like, say, we appreciate actually seeing how the muscle moves. And even I'm appreciative. Because I'm like, how that does look kind of cool. I see why you wanted to see it. I get it now. But back then I just, I was trying to avoid this group of people over here. I was trying to avoid. I was trying to avoid it. But I think I found my niche where it's like, is doing just enough. And it's represented too. Because I had to shift my minds at two and be like, you want to grow the sport. You also want to show women it's okay to have muscle. And if I'm not showing the muscle, I can't show them it's okay to have the muscle and get them in the gym. So it's like, I had to find like, when I listen to people like my coach and like you, who I know have my best interest at heart, that's when I listen. If I don't even know you like that, be quiet. And you don't have the right to speak to me on what I should be doing. Those who are in my shoes and know what's best for me, I will listen to those people. That's another thing about boundaries. It's knowing who to listen to. And they'd make sure that they would have your best at your heart so that you grow that way. But overall it's been an even when I walked into the gym. I had a little crop top line. It was like, what is this? I was like, oh yeah, updated my presence. Just like you know. I watched him. My name is no. When you got when you first got there, he was like, what? When we do check-ins every Friday morning in person, and my gym set up to where there's the bathroom and there's just a little corner and then the hallway. We do check-ins in the hallway. And she likes peaks around. She likes peaks. Make sure I'm there and she comes out with quick and then runs back in. That's how we do check-in. And what's the whole thing? She don't feel like it. Yeah. Imagine this. So like, so you're not used to that? No. Has it been overwhelmingly positive? Overwhelmingly positive. Overwhelmingly. Like the only issue, one or two guys want to tell me how to do a ladder race. Sir. Sure. Okay. I'm pretty sure my shoulders are okay. Yeah. I don't need you to just critique anything over here. And one guy was only one. I remember it. He wrote an all-caps. First of all, you talking to him. Block. I block real quick. Block. I don't have to block. I'm never in an argument with you. Block. Block. I do also get boundaries. That's how I do my social media. I have different buckets of who gets blocked, who gets restricted, who gets unfollowed. Quick. It's simple. Everything goes in a bucket. You talk crazy. Block. You wouldn't say anything crazy, but you kind of weird. And I can't really get a read on you. You're restricted. So that's, I'm not seeing your comments. You could see them. You could just talk unto yourself. But you didn't do enough to be put in timeout. That's it. Because you got to think of social media as your place. That's your house. That's right. You would clean up house. You want to talk crazy. Get that out. Bye. You will not be missed. It is a privilege for someone to follow you. That part. And that's something that people have to understand. I totally, totally follow that 100% of that. Addige of you are in their living room. That's it. So if you want to be disrespectful, they can kick you out of the living room. That's right. They can kick you out of the house. That's right. That's right. And you know what? It's your own downfall. That's right. And that's where you have to understand. There's boundaries there. And that's one of those things that I had sucks because Phil had to go through that. Yeah. Yeah. And there was no rules or rhyme or anything. And back then, and he did know how to handle it. And so all of those things. So he had to kind of pave the way. Because Ronnie didn't have to do it. The worrying didn't have to do it. None of those other guys had to deal with that. And he did. And so it was really, really tough. Even Jay didn't have to deal with it. Right. So when you look at those things and you go, wow. This is a double edge sword. But I do think that you inspire so many people. You have the best physique on the planet. And to show a little bit of that, right, for the inspirational purposes, for all those people that look up to you as being seven time champ. I think that is absolutely wonderful. And I'm so glad that you changed your mind. Thank you. And you're showing more. And I think, you know, I'm seeing a lot more people interact. I'm seeing a lot more people. Well, that's what the crazy's called for. I'm like, damn. That one I showed us. Yeah. Y'all were not here. Yeah. But now there's those people who just sometimes are little obsessed. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. You've never seen me in a tank. I've seen a lot of comments. But I'm going to have to get Damien over here to shave my back. But you know, in all honesty, I really appreciate you guys. I mean, you know, coming out here, coming out from Phoenix and the middle of your prep. Being able to share this with the audience, getting a workout in. Again, when you guys see this video, there will be a workout out here that we're going to be able to share on the EVGN channel that we walk through them doing shoulders. Being able to kind of go through it. And step by step, technique. A lot of questions and answers. And I feel like, again, those are the things that I really wanted to be able to share with our community. And I feel that there are so many amazing athletes out there. And they're just looking for how to get to that looks level. What's that next information? And not everybody has access to coaches like yourself. And so what we want to do is just give them just a little bit to be able to go to that next level and break that plateau. And I think videos like that hearing things like this. So again, if you're a coach or a competitor, ex competitor, guys, you can't eat the six meals a day of steak in rice. You don't need that anymore. You might have needed it back when you were competing back in the day, but you need to take care of your health. You don't get your blood worked on. Get together with your cardiologist. Make sure you get a calcium score done. Make sure you go in, do it. A stress test. The cardio stress test. Get your heart looked at and get your blood worked on on a regular basis. You know, and I think that this is a testament to that. And so again, thank you. And then you hadn't shared that information with anybody else out there. Well, I thought about it and I thought about it, but I'm not big on my personal life yet. Yeah. Well, again, I think it's going to be, say, not just one or two people. There's going to be a lot of people. They're going to really, really thank you for that. So, and I thank you. And Sid, thank you so much for taking the time. You know, you're busy schedule with all of your clients and everything else and putting things on the sign line for us to be able to get this podcast done and get a training session in. And so we got one more workout tomorrow. You guys are going to train tomorrow. And then you guys are back over to Phoenix. Yeah. And you guys, again, we'll go ahead and put the social media channels together. So you can be able to follow their journey and honey ramp on. Seven time champs. Sid, the Mr. Producer himself gave me. And that's the truth.