Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Honny Rambad, and I have a media mogul. He's a guy that is not only an IFBB pro, but he's also very, very big on Instagram as well as YouTube. Everybody knows him as coach Greg Greg do set. Is that, did I pronounce that right? Is it do you did? A lot of people say the last name wrong, do Shetty, doosh, doosh bag. I don't care. If they got Greg good, I'm good with the rest. That's right. You know, and we ran into each other for the first time I got to meet you at the Arnold Classic this last weekend. What do you think of the show? It was amazing. It was such a good battle in the open man and a new classic physique chip. I loved all the categories. It was a great time. I love watching it. Yeah, it was really good. I mean, you were backstage when I was getting ready to do the seminar with Seabumb. And we got to catch up. And the biggest thing that I didn't realize was the videos that I've seen you, that's not your real voice. You know, and so for those of you that are on here, you're like, no, it's not the same guy or if you're listening to this podcast and you're like, that's not Greg. Greg has a very high pitched voice. I guess can you explain the, do you play a character when you're doing that or do you just, I guess how would you, how would you basically identify in regards to what you do on social media or on your YouTube page versus kind of the everyday Greg? Well, I identify as a male and I would say identify as a male who's a comedian. I try to be funny and I try to give education with humor at the same time. And when I first started posting videos, it was 2006 way back. I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't know what a follower was. And all I was doing was literally just trying to show off. I'm like, look how much I can bench brass, look at my deadlift, that kind of stuff. And then later around 2010, 11, I was like, I need to get more clients for coaching. So I started putting more educational videos like how to die at counters and foods, training tips and so on. And then I really started growing my channel by coaching more people. And I noticed that the more I spoke with passion and I got angry or, or if I started screaming more, the more people would write in the comments section saying, wow man, I really liked this video. So I started leaning into that even more. And so if you look at my voice throughout the years, you can see this transition period where my voice keeps getting deeper and deeper and then all of a sudden I'm screaming and going crazy. And it's like, I look back at some of the videos I recorded even like three years ago, I'm like, what am I sounding like? I sound like a clown. It's crazy. Often times compared to the parrot from Aladdin. Yes, I heard that. And I do agree. How are these people that hear me in like a podcast? I'm just talking. So there's no like projection of voice. I used to be a physed teacher. So you used to scream in a gym class all the time. And I just don't have a cool sounding voice when I'm trying to talk loud. Well, so I didn't realize that. So your physed teacher and this is up in Canada where you live, right? Yeah, exactly. 11 years. I taught physed. I taught math. I taught a bit of everything to be honest. And that was before or during your bodybuilding when you were actually still competitive in terms of bodybuilding. Well, the last year I taught with 2011 and I turned pro like right after that and I never taught after I turned pro. And then you were done and you're on the East Coast of Canada, right? Yeah, Halifax and Nova Scotia, so closer to New York. And speaking of the whole Canada thing, just because it's so relevant right now. How do people feel about this whole situation with the politics and the tariffs and you know some people talking about trying to make Canada into the 51st date? I mean, what's the what's the vibe up there on all of that? I would say it's a direct split down the middle. It's a half to people like it and half don't. I find the people that are not woke are against Trump. And they think they such a bad person, the people are on the other side of the fence. I'm like, no, I like what's going on. I personally would have voted for Trump. I personally would want to join the United States. I don't. I want to be the next state. So that's perhaps not as a comment of a thing. Years ago, when I was a young guy, maybe 30, 40 years ago, Quebec and wanted to separate from Canada because I remember it. That was big and I'm like, hey, I honestly, I would go for it. But I mean, I was also banned from traveling the United States for 10 years. So I do this for selfish reasons. My tax brackets 54% tax. I pay the most tax of anyone. There's a 20% luxury tax. So if I buy a sports car, let's say it's a million dollars. 200,000 extra tax on top of the 15% and so we're the highest tax country in the world higher than Europe, London, all these places. And so if we could go to the States, I'm making millions of dollars extra. So I'm all for it. Wow. So what was the reason why you couldn't come here for 10 years? For selling performance and hand-sing drugs, literally was a steroid dealer, perhaps you're not aware of my criminal past. No, that's why I would like to get no more about it. Yeah, I mean, I used to sell steroids. I was using myself selling them. I got caught made a mistake. Got 20 months house arrest in Canada. So I was using a legal for use. So you can police officers can use it, lawyers, doctors and trust me they do. I was selling it to them. And now I'm obviously promoting a different message. So I went from being testosterone plug to the T plug, which you see in the back. So I'm selling Turkestrol, which is 100% legal. I'm trust me. My mom did not know. And Mexico pretending to be hiding out from the police and my mom's like, what are you doing? You're going to get trouble. She's freaking out like, Mom, this is legal. It's just an acting role. I'm an actor. I'm playing a role. She was so worried. But it's just all a good fun. So that when did that band get lifted when that, you know, that 10 year band, when that get lifted? Well, when the band was lifted over a year ago, I got permission for one year. So then you would have seen me make appearances at like the Arnolds and the Olympian, that kind of stuff. And then after the year, you have to reapply. I reapplyed and they said, I'll take about four to eight months. So I applied around March. I wasn't reinstated until a week before the Arnolds before not the Arnolds before the Miami trip that I did. So like literally in the last month, I got permission again this time for two years. So for two years, I can travel to the United States and then I'll have to apply again and then they say it'll be five years and then like lifetime. So so you're saying in Canada, basically, being able to utilize it wasn't why you got arrested. You had arrested because they caught you dealing. Exactly. Got you. Got you. Yeah. So it's a very small offense in terms of coming to like, the air is our class four drug in Canada in the United States. It's class three. So when people from Canada make YouTube videos saying, I'm on this, I'm on that. It's really not a big deal because you're allowed to use it. It's legal, but you can't sell it. And so it's kind of like, well, how are they getting it? You're you're allowed to use it. You're allowed to buy it, but you can't sell it. Did they get you jammed up with a lot of product or was it just, you know, if you look at the papers, it looked like a lot of product. I think they said it was $250,000 worth. But that was when they thought a bag I had a frayeteen was steroid powder and like tested it. They tested it. It was creatine. And so then it got dramatically reduced. But if you look at the papers, it's like, oh, my God, he had hundreds and hundreds of bottles and it wasn't true at all. They, I had a lot of peptides like GHRP 6 GHRP 2, C, J, C 1295. I had more limbs or more than I had all the peptides, lots. And so when they reported it, look at all these steroids. They were peptide vials with are not legal at all. So I kind of got caught with like making it look like it was a lot worse than it was. And but in the end, I got a 20 month house arrest and a 50 or 52,000 dollar fine out of camera, which one it was. Okay, so you ended up having to buy it right at check as well. But you didn't have to actually go in and do time. You just couldn't leave the house. House arrest exactly. And that was 20 months old. I mean, that's not a short period of time either. That's almost two years. I thought I would get probation because like, it's not like I had an international ring going on. I wasn't selling thousands of bottles like the way they were trying to make it look. But like people don't want to hear that. And as soon as they hear a story, it's like, I'm a national news. You're just cool teacher bodybuilder caught doing this stuff. And they made it look like I had way more stuff than I had because they initially scouted the powder, which is creating as steroids. I mean, it's unbelievable the things that they did, but that's a long time in the past. So since that time, I'm only on HRT now. I've been doing that for five years. I'm not abused and not selling. And I'm doing everything by the book. So when you did that, and because you were a teacher at the same time, did they try to like throw the book at you to make you more of an example? Because of the fact you were a teacher did that make it worse also. Absolutely, of course. I was like, I was. Yeah, I mean, because that was quite famous nationally. Like, I'm a bodybuilder, I'm a professional. It makes for a better story. I mean, at the same time, the people they get in caught for selling cocaine. They weren't on the front page of the Chronicle Harrel. So you can imagine like the major newspapers or here's the big story. It's Greg's selling steroids. But guys selling cocaine, that's a small story. Let's not talk about that because it's not a big deal. So yeah, absolutely think that because I was a prominent figure at a good career that they use that as a headline. And they really wanted to make it an example out of me to discourage other people from doing the same thing. So was it like, did you know that that was about to happen? And then they just like, was like a, like, go nuts and the like, Swat team rated your house. More like, swat team rated my house, more like that. That had no idea. Wow. Well, that was the middle of the night early in the morning type of thing. That's yeah, that's crazy. That's crazy. Yeah, not good memories. I found this of memories. I try to kind of not think of those times, but to actually look back and like to talk to my probation officer and all that you're going through. And to lose my teaching career and to have to start over from scratch and have all the rumors said about me. And to come back and go from that to what I am right now. I mean, to me, it's a crazy story. Like to think that I went from nothing like owed all the money. Like I'm literally sitting on the floor with a cardboard box and like a computer monitor trying to do coaching plans and all the stuff. I'm trying to start my business over and to get where I am now because trust me, every chance people get you're the steroid dealer. We're not going to listen to you. You don't know anything. Listen to this guy. Tell you about what to do or not do. It's derives. It's like what better than a guy who sold them that was abusing them. That's an IP pro to give the message that you guys should be careful. Yeah, well with all that being said, I mean, were you already in the limelight of your channel or had the channel not really blown up yet when all that went down. I had 3,000 followers almost 3,000 followers at that time. So I didn't start getting popular until 2019, roughly during COVID. I remember sitting at my at Christmas dinner with my family and I had almost 10,000 followers and being like glowing with excitement of like, guys, I think I can do this. I almost have 10,000 followers. I think I have the formula for success. I think I'm getting to a million. I was so confident at that time that it was going to blow up and it definitely happened. I just kept working, putting out a video every day and then I ended up doing two videos a day. I had the formula. You do the Natty or not. It's on the famous people. Clickbait titles with some famous people talk about stuff. And you're very convincing in what you're saying like, pick a side. Don't just be lukewarm like this guy's natural or he's not. This is how you should do this. This is how you shouldn't. And just giving you my unfiltered opinion rather than just kind of like sucking up and being politically correct like most people do. That being said, you said something earlier on about being a character. Is that basically also part of it? I mean, I know you're trying to be firm in your belief system, like you just mentioned, but being that character because of one thing that I've realized is there is a lot of clickbait out there, right? And how do you balance out how much you're putting out of clickbait because you know it drives revenue versus trying to put out like quality content because I'm sure it's a balancing act of some degree. But how do you go about dealing with that? So the line we cross on clickbait is that it has to be something that stayed in the video or has to represent the video in some way. I can't just say like this guy did this and it had nothing to do with it. But for example, if somebody said like this guy's on steroids and then it wasn't me that said it, but somebody said it. Let's say you said it and said this guy's on steroids could be in the title. And then I started the title to say, hey, many people say this guy's on steroids, but is he and then I would talk about whether he is or not. So I draw the headline on basically what somebody else would say and then talk about it. So it's not outright lying. It's just talking about something that something might say like, Sam's who lick is the worse influence or ever that could be a title. Let's say you said that. I would have that in the title and I would say, hey, any rabbi just said, Sam's who it's the worse influence or ever, but is he really will let's go over it and find out. And that's the kind of titles that I would do. So you have to kind of watch it to find out, well, is Greg going to pick aside because with titles, the more vague the better you can give away the result. You have to have people say, what is he going to say, I can't say, Nadia, no, I can't say, Sam's who lick is natural in the title. It wouldn't be good. It has to be like a question mark. And usually a negative spin has way more views than a positive one. So I have to question them in a negative way in the title to get people to watch the actual video. Right. So that takes me to kind of what's been going on here in the last several months with everyone's talking about Mike is retell versus Greg, right, that whole situation where you're there's lots of content about Mike. And I know I saw Mike over the weekend as well. He was out there and him and I spoke Jared Feather was with us. They came by the evening booth and we were talking and I know that there was a lot of questions to me when they know that I speak to both you is is the be for real. I mean, what would you say to that? I would say it was on a quivically ridiculously real. It was a huge beef. Mike definitely despise me like for sure. And so anytime I got a comment from him anytime he talked about me in a negative way like, you know, saying you're whatever sociopath clown sociopath no thoughts, a cock sucker, this and that print that I just loved it. I could eat it up because I never dislike Mike. I didn't dislike him. I didn't care. I didn't bother me at all. It's so for me, it's not getting under my skin. Like I would enjoy seeing those comments because for me, I'm like this beef is going to make a ton of money. It's going to be great for views. It's good drama. People love it. Now, I think he genuinely hated me, but he never knew coach Greg me. The guy that you would have talked to backstage, he saw coach Greg would have clicked bait title saying Mike is an idiot or Mike is a horrible person or whatever the title was. But he wouldn't watch me say, oh, I think he has some great information. I think he only sees the title. He doesn't watch any of my videos. And that was proof when he said coach Greg says he's a doctor and he's not a doctor. He's a scam scam snake oil salesman. He doesn't even watch my videos because if he did, he would know I had a shirt. It said I'm not a doctor. That's what I did. So I think he genuinely hated me because he didn't know me. It's very easy to hate somebody. He doesn't know. But our mutual friends are like, Greg is nothing like what you describe. And so I think after hearing that enough and talking to me enough times in person, he was like, I don't think that Greg is actually like that. This is a different side to him that I perhaps misjudged. And so the beef is over now. Now does that mean I'm never going to make videos about Mike. Nope. I've already done one. It's not edited yet. And did I agree with him? Nope. But I'm not just going to not say anything like I respect you. But if you said in a video, you don't need to be in a calorie deficit to lose weight. I'm going to be like, what are you talking about? So I make the same videos without coming from a place of negativity. I'm just doing that to call out what I see. Right. But I think going into the video because I watched the video on the way home from the Arnold that you and Eric and Mike did, right? Kind of like to try to squash the beef. And what's interesting is again, and for those followers of mine that don't know what's going on. Obviously, Mike is a very big. I don't want to call it like a, what do you mean? Exercise scientist. So exercise scientist, but he's huge on YouTube, right? He's a half million followers. It's yeah, exactly. It's more views than me. He's really high on the spectrum of social media. He's ahead of me in terms of views. I think by whatever thousands or millions lots lots of views. And then you probably, that's probably why you kind of chose to have some beef with him, right? It's because 100%. So you're, okay. So on your side, you're just like, okay, it's views for impressions because of your company, you know, trying to push, you know, whatever it is, you're pushing plus the revenue from that, right, from the views itself too. But I guess the reason why I'm, I'm questioning this whole thing is that it's a business for you, right? I mean, the whole thing is just kind of a very business oriented. And I feel like this is why people are asking me is the beef real that are these guys doing this behind the scenes. And it's, it's absolutely not. It's not like, hey, you guys are cool. Let's try to do this because I have heard of some influencers doing that. But Mike, who's, a person who's trying to push out a ton of content out there and is is is, is, is definitely leading the way with a ton of impressions. And you're putting in that, that spin and that clickbait to try to bring people in because that gives you a ton more views, right? And that directly proportionate to revenue, right? Yeah, of course. And so unfortunately, I wish I could say that the beef was fabricated. A lot of people thought it was, or like, hey, they're probably in on is I would love that to be the case. My ideal situation in my ideal world, mean Mike during that interview would have talked and said, let's just go at each other even harder. I'm going to call you a crazy sociopath like mother fucker. Like I'm just going to go nuts and be like, yeah, I would have loved it. And people would aid up back and forth. I think we would have could have taken it to another level. The beef could have been, you know, Drake and Kendrick. We just just keep it going. So unfortunately Mike didn't see it that way. It was more one sided. Like Mike would say one thing against me and I would say 10. I'm like, I'm just that I never letter like I don't know. I just have, maybe that's one thing I'm very good at. It's just finding a person's weakness and explaining it. Like Mike talks a lot. He's got a lot of videos. And so when you put out hours and hours and hours of content, you're going to have holes in what you're saying. And so I find the holes in what he's saying. And then I pointed out and then I repeat it 10 times. And so at some point it becomes bullying if the other guy isn't fighting back. And so as as long as Mike was fighting back, I didn't see this bullying. It's this is an intellectual war, a battle of widths. You're saying this about me. I'm going to say that about you who's going to come out on top. But when he's saying like, let's end the beef, let's squash the beef. There's no reason to keep going. This is a bit too much. Then I look like a jerk if I if I just keep doing that. Right. Right. And I do remember you guys saying that in the video Eric posted right because I know Eric's friends with both of you. And one of the things was to be able to try to squash this whole thing was saying, hey, look, it was getting a bit too toxic. And Mike wasn't obviously trying to insight anything with negative click bait or any of those things on you. It was more of a question was answered. I could tell. And then you took that and then basically amplify it because it obviously like you said, it brings a lot of traffic to your page. And I feel like with that whole thing, who's the one. So Mike was the one that wanted to end the beef right? He just said, look, he was trying to be. I think if I had to summarize it, I would say Eric was caught in the middle being a good friend of mine, a good friend of Mike's. And Eric doesn't want beef. And so he would have encouraged my to see things from a different perspective. I know Greg, do you not think I'm a good judge a character? I've spent a lot of time with him. He's not like you're saying give him a chance. And so I think finally Mike was, you know, late listening to Eric and said, okay, that's actually a great point. And then once he's talked to me a few times, you're okay, maybe I misjudged him. And then so Eric did not ask, you know, did not force, let's say Mike to do anything. It just encouraged him. And then Mike out of blow, other blue on his own approached me to end the beef when we're at the gym. Over the weekend at the Arnold. Exactly. Right. And you guys sat down. So why was the video taken down? The video was taken down because there were some things that were inaccurate in the video. So for example, during the video, I expressed that I had ten edited videos that had Mike in it. I've finished editing and done. Now, two of those were a direct attacks at Mike that would have got half million views easy. Like the biggest troll you've ever seen in your life. So I'm like, okay, I'm not going to be able to post those because that's just to me and spirit it after the beef. But the others, I mean, there's a blue lobster and a back last bread fart noise and I'm like, we can just edit that out. And Eric was like, no, you got to delete those ten videos. It's not a big deal. Like you can't. And I'm like, I'm not deleting those ten videos. I was like, I can edit them. But in Eric was like, no, like, what kind of person are you like, that's not kind of being like, you're going to post the video because you would have gone into that video in the negative mindset. I'm like, I don't think you understand. So Eric was sure that those were ten hate Mike videos that I was going to post. And he thought, this isn't a beef squash. If you're going to post those ten videos. And so later off camera, I was able to explain to him like Mike like, and you know, other people were there as well, like who's saying far ahead and different people. And they're like, no, Greg is saying that there's a 10 second clip where he makes fun of Mike, but it's a video about will tenison. And he could just edit that part of like really a big insult to Mike like saying he lost of his tan or something. You know, whatever dumb insult to have. And then edit out. And so by leaving that in a lot of people writing comments and saying, well, Greg's an asshole Steve is brothers in asshole, too, because they want to post these videos. And so it was a misunderstanding. And so we wanted to have the video edited out where the part was a misunderstanding. YouTube unfortunately wouldn't let the edit happen. We spent 24 hours with YouTube going back and forth and I don't understand YouTube. I don't do that stuff, but the technical committee couldn't do it. The only way to do it. You don't understand YouTube bro. You make a lot of money on YouTube for somebody who doesn't understand how to use my phone. I have a team of like several like people understand like I've let play a lot of people and they do a lot of the technical stuff. I don't do any of it. I record videos. This is what I'm going to. I research videos. I find topics. So when we tried to to do this, we were like, okay, we got to take the video down and then relapse loaded. So that's what was going on. We're trying to figure out how to do that. And Eric ended up just with a lot of hate. If you don't keep the video up, people are going to think you're hiding something and it's like guys, there was misinformation during that video that we didn't want people to see that's it. So did it get edited and then go put it up there with the misinformation. So we just take it on the chin people are going to think we're assholes, whatever. In one week, normal care. Yeah, I mean, I think the bottom line is it. I think it's obviously very lucrative for you to be able to do some of these videos, right, because of the. Absolutely lucrative. How much does you think that you've made from just the mic videos if you had to get just the mic. Just mic, just a thousand of dollars for sure. Hundreds of thousands of don't just the views alone, right? No, no question not even include. Oh yeah, if Mike and I had a back deal and I said, hey, you know, for a half a million dollars, let's just keep the beef going. I would pay it. It would have been I would have paid off with dividends. We'd be buddies in planning this all off. Oh my goodness. If you were way more than a half a million dollars. What do you think Mike, what do you think Mike wouldn't do that? Mike on camera said, oh yeah, just keep the videos. It's like if you want to post them. It's good. You know, he said all this stuff. But Eric said, he's not, he's not telling the truth. He doesn't want you to post the videos. If you post the videos, it's going to show that you're dick, that you're an asshole, that you didn't mean anything that you said. And it'll prove to you that he's the person that you thought he was and that you're not like I said. And so if you're going to be the man that I think you are, you're not going to post the videos. So that's the tree. And so with all that, if you're saying you made over a half a million dollars off of Mike's videos, hundreds of thousands, if not a half a million dollars on Mike's videos. How much also did just this beef alone increase your followers? How much did you get out of that before this whole thing started? I have an entire job of an editor. My editor, Mattel, is like, is devastating for him. That's just like, I've never in my life seen that much positivity on an editor in my life. Like he was getting famous for editing those videos. Like in the chat, you'd read it and it would be like, oh my god, editor next level. So imagine the dope of me that my editor is getting. He's, you know, a guy from where's the Austria or whatever. I've only met him once in person. We flew down to Mexico one time. But anyway, he's like a 22 year old guy. He's been editing for me. I don't know, maybe for three years. But then he started the brain rod edits and got famous on Mike. He's a tell me and him go back. Clips like people know how much work I do. I spend like 11 or 12 hours a day on my phone. Like I'm always watching videos and finding and things and looking for the next video. And I'm sending him clips and we go back and forth. And so we're planning out this entire barrage of like Mike video edits. And it's not just YouTube ad revenue. It's new followers who are like this who buy supplements. So the more people that you have watching your videos every time I post a video, the sales on my Shopify triple when triple at 10x sometimes. It's crazy. So if there's a Mike Israel tell video that's posted that's getting half a million views. Instead of another video that's only getting 200,000 views, that's two and a half x more sales. The sales directly correlate with how many video views I'm getting. But doesn't it? I guess there's a dark art that you're using because you're using it as a negative. That's the thing where I'm just because again, you know, I've been obviously targeted with stuff in the past where they're like someone passes away and then they use added bodybuilding competition and they'll put it to use a picture of me. I have nothing to do with it. I was an active bodybuilding competition. It wasn't one of my clients. And then I turned around and I called out the person who did it. And here like, well, this is a it's clickbaits. So I can be able to get more revenue and go, but you're insinuating that I had something to do with somebody passing away. And it's not it's there's there's a fallout to that, right? I mean, how do you feel about that? That is horrendous than that you've experienced that I've experienced that as well. We all know Joel Lindor, who's passed away. Videos were literally made that I killed him. There was another guy that used to be a sponsored athlete in May. He died a heart attack and whatnot. Greg killed him. Literally, there's multiple people doing this. We have to go through YouTube and contact them. You can't do this. You'll be a clickbait videos, but you can't lie about somebody's death. There's literally a I'm on Billy Billy. It's a very popular channel in China. I'm getting millions of views often on these videos. Perhaps a more popular in China than I'm in North America. But we had a guy and he was saying that I was there was, oh, there was one guy. I forget his name. I don't even need to say that. But he was saying that Larry wheels was killing certain people that that Togey had almost died because he took a triple dose of trend and that he was foaming at them out. Lying about people that were dying Joel Lindor was killed by Larry wheels. I made a video calling him out. And so that is not in my opinion. Okay, that's stepping over line when you start Like using somebody's death and lying about it. But I don't have that in any of my videos. There's no video that's going to say he did this or said this and it's bullshit. This is not, and that's true clickbait that's bullshit. Mine would never go that far. So you're saying that because it's kind of more of a gray area with where you're going. It's not even though it's negative. It's not negative enough for you to be able to differentiate. Is that what you're saying? It's not that it's negative enough. What you just had is a lie. If I said I talked to Handy Rambot in a video and he said that he killed somebody. Coaching. And you didn't. That's going to wow. Oh my god. That's shocking news. I want to see it. That was not a thing that happened. But if I said Greg and Handy talk about Mike Isr tell that's not that's not it's true. Right. Right. Talking about the beef is the beef squashed. Is it? It's the question. I don't think that that would be negative. Like I have a video I think we're posting it today. It's called Mike Isr tell was wrong. That's why I think my next video. Mike Isr tell is long. Is that clickbait? Like I'm saying he's wrong about I don't remember which video, but it doesn't hate on him. It's talking about a point. And so I think there's a big difference between attacking the person and attacking the information. Now oftentimes Mike would attack me as a person. He's a clown social path. When you talk to someone as social path or that there are snake oil salesmen. You're attacking the the person's character. But if I said Mike Isr tell said that he's been on steroids for 13 years and that if he goes off he has a 90% chance of retaining testicular function within a first several months with no problem. And that his testicles haven't tried can size in 13 years. But I think that's a good idea. Because he said that would Peter Tia that's another video that I want to do. I'm not going to attack him as a person and say I think he's a liar. I'm just going to say well let's see. 90% of people regain testicular function following a steroids cycle use after multiple years. And Peter Tia I'm not sure if you know he is or not. Yeah, I know Peter. Dr Peter Tia. Exactly. He said it's more like 80% and will it actually the research is it's 48.6%. If you actually look at the studies like these people underestimate my research and my scientific skills as myself. I have a master's in Kinesiology and I had the highest GPA. My family are extremely brilliant people and although I talk like the parent from Aladdin I know what I'm doing and I know the science. I studied this stuff. And so Mike is who's never come off a steroid cycle in 13 years is saying hey. If I have to say I would he said though is Mike said that he doesn't come off in 13. Literally have it. I saw my bone. It's like a video I'm planning and my brother's like I don't know if you can do that video because like Eric might not like it and I'm like I'm not going to attack him as a person. It's information. He's like yeah, but it's maybe biased that you're doing too many videos about Mike. But I'm like but Mike's the most famous influencer in the world talking about this. And so if he says something incorrect then my channel is about calling out the bullshit. And so I would not I'm not going to put insert, lat spread fart noise and make fun of him make his face look an alien. But I'm going to say look I abused steroids for years and I came off steroids and it was very difficult for me to get my testosterone levels back so difficult and an ender can all just prescribe me HRT. I didn't bounce back and if you're on steroids for 13 years and your testicles have been lost size. I think you're forgetting how big your testicles were when you started. He said there's no problem. I can send you the videos there are two one minute clips literally. And I'm like okay then so if he says this stuff. I mean there is actual scientific literature on this so why not quote that versus pulling a non-murover your head. Yeah, you know 90% so 90 10 is this exactly what he said. So you want to basically. So you're basically saying that you're going to change the tone because again you guys are have some of the most popular. YouTube channels in our space right and I've noticed it and I know like you said when you did the SAMHSAU look videos I mean they blow up so you do a lot of SAMHSAU look you do the mic videos they blow up. But now because of this video and the reason why it worked you've been talking about this is because it's so relevant this has just happened in last couple of days the video went up you guys were you know ran into each other at the gym. I ran into both of you. I know both of you guys and and just been introduced to you know Eric as well who seems like a really nice guy and when I watch the video I'll be honest with you on the flight home. I was like I felt like Eric is is a child again like meaning the mom and dad are fighting you know and he's trying to you know came across you know I want to squash the beef because you know he wants to be able to kind of get past it and you can tell he's super frustrated and and I'm looking at it and I can see why Mike also you know is frustrated and I know that you are also this is a business for you. Right and when you look at the and we're talking about the numbers and some of the numbers you shared I'm just like okay these are some big dollar signs so I'm going to still continue but I'm going to continue in a more positive manner is that is that what I'm hearing. I'm going to be honest and I'm going to be honest and that is one thing that has separated me from most of my friends my entire life my ability to tell you exactly what I feel what what I feel. I tell you what you need to hear not what you want to hear like if anyone ever had contest prep they're like go see Greg but don't see him if you don't hear the truth walk up to me how do I look. Seven weeks out when's your show next week nationals you're done like straight up let's say that to my best friend I would just not I don't care now by saying I don't care I mean I realize what I'm doing and it hurts me to say it. But I don't care of the ramifications that I know it's going to hurt for me to tell you the truth but I'm going to tell you anyway. Like that's just makes me different than most people most people like like with me in eric janicky we're on jubilee show with myron and they asked us about obese people 600 pounds and they're like what do you think of this I be like yeah he's obese airs like no don't see look good I'm like he's obese air he's like a hundred pounds overweight no he's not looking good. But no but he's kind of handsome I'm like you're just sucking up to him I don't do that and so I will continue to make the same videos but I'm not going to do it from a position of hey when I went to make videos of Mike I was trying to make fun of him to make fun of the things he said in the past instead I'll make the same video but let's say I pretended that will tend to sense it or Jesse James West said it or my brother said it I'll make the same video if somebody says something wrong and say look. You said it but it's not true. It's like I'll argue with my friends in the same way. Does it ever get to a point though that it's there's going to be like fatigue because I know that eventually you know is there a reason why you haven't picked up any of these other influencers or is it just because the power of Mike and he's just got so much traction right now. I think you've just missed my videos like ask anybody Greg is the trend twins are living rent for your house. Why is every video about Alex you bang? How come you have so many videos about Will Tennyson why is it always Sam Sulek why can't you stop tapping about Chris Bumstedt I got 20 plus videos on Chris I got 30 videos on I got I talk about everybody like and you know what's funny while I'm talking about those people that they don't like it like say Alex you bang. Oh man Greg like it's you kind of going hard I'm like Alex I'm your friend but I got to tell you 250 milligrams HRT or two and your testosterone levels are going to be too high and I just I just pointed out. And so when I'm making the videos they might not like it then when I'm not there it's like well how could he's not making videos about me anymore. So they sometimes they miss it now not everyone they don't all need not saying but a lot of times when I make a video about somebody and drives them a huge audience and so I can make or break some people's channels if I talk about them now. How is your break a channel like I know I know if you go like if you are complimentary or if you're referencing their channel right like when I do a podcast and people share my podcast with somebody. They're obviously the podcast could seem a lot more right because it's getting shared especially the bigger the channels but. Breaking somebody like that what is that how what do you do to break somebody or how does that work. So for example somebody says they're natural and I point out that they're no way that they're natural I go over their blood work and see you're not natural so they're like I'm lifetime natural know you're not. And then they'll write me in private and say how could you do this how what right you have to say I'm like. I'm just giving you my opinion like this is what I think you want to prove it like most people don't really know that. Hey if you want to show your blood work at any time I'll make another video on it but they never show it like do you think that Michael Harn is natural. Oh my god. My god. I'm not going to show his blood work he ain't showing shit because he knows he's not natural there's no if answer about some other people have made me videos well it's too hard to get blood work it's too hard. Meanwhile I do want on who's saying far had I say you're a fake nanny he says what can I do to prove your wrong get blood work and two days later there's blood work. You can do it if you want and by the way he was natural I don't know if you met this guy but no I just saw him I think recently he's the young middle Eastern kid that's I think was he was wrong. Yeah, yeah the bro. I'm trying for three years he actually did a video at Mike is your tell and Jared Feather. Okay. Right before we squash the beef and here I'll just throw this out at you I want to be directly to it. Okay. He's you say his natural she says give you the top natural supplements that I can take let's see or take on this and so number one he said creatine I think we can agree that's a great natural supplement number two get a read. What do you think that was Mike's top two natural supplements that you could take as a bodybuilder. What do you think would now I'm not hate. I didn't see instant last fret fart noise but I don't think that gay to rate is an ideal supplement to take I don't think that there's any evidence that like the you could say well Perry workout. You need to combine that with way protein to I'm like well there's the adabalk window is kind of indisperuven. I'm like I would have certainly had nitrates I would have it else citrline out of the pain I would have had a ton of supplements what about my Turk builder my geo two maximum and a man there's a host I mean let's even go see Alice we can argue that's natural. He said gay to rate so I made a video I'm like and I'm not no hate I'm like hey if you said this I would say I don't agree so I feel it's perfectly okay. Even though we're not I think you can actually construct of criticism in saying hey look this is my opinion and I know whether it's an exercise whether it's a workout I mean I mean I've seen Mike do a video on me training Chris right and it wasn't negative in any way was just you know I know he throws in those little funny moments and actually I laughed to out loud when I watch it was touching his chest and he's like oh he gets the chest of chest and I was like you know I know he's very jealous of that. You know being able to touch C-bumps chest while he's training chest but it's one of those things where I just kind of laugh about it but I do know there is. The ability to have constructive criticism but I think it's just like you said it without it being a negative like if your friends with will or any of these other guys then you say hey look I would never do that in that regard I think that's where you know people would want to say hey look let's draw the line because otherwise. I think fans become a little bit overly kind of drawn to it's a gladiator sport and let me go in there on team Greg or team Mike and it becomes a shit show and I don't think that that becomes positive for anybody but like I said when I watched the video with. I was like okay you guys were you know squashing it and they said that Mike wanted to just kind of squash it to be able to just keep it professional and move on then it got taken down then it got put back up again I guess I guess the whole thing about. I'm glad it sounds like it's back up and it's just back up to the other at least the day or two now and I guarantee you probably have a million probably views on that you know it will probably probably more. Yeah and then now moving on to to the next thing is that would you and him ever do a collab. If I opinion is it to a collab like if we don't do a collab be fizz and squashed like. I don't know I'm serious we're on the podcast and like you remember this from the beat like I brought up is like you know this is good erics like we're all going to be friends and so the beef squash okay cool right yeah like all right so now we're friends okay so like well we should we should do video together maybe the three of us just us to. Mike can put me through a grueling leg workout he can make my legs destroyed whatever I'll coach him for his next show let's see that I'll put him on a strict diet get him down a light heavy let's get him a pro card wouldn't want to see myself coach Mike is your tell. For an IPB pro card I think everyone wants to see that and so if there is no beef and we're actually friends now why wouldn't we call that work. That would never work Mike would never want to work with you because he's already signed me up so I'm coming out of retirement for Mike so I'm going to be getting I'm just kidding. I just want to see your reaction on that would even I would have been a down I would love it. Yeah but yeah let me know if you guys are listening to this or you're watching it on YouTube let me know if you guys want to see. Me get Mike ready for a bodybuilding show what you guys think about yeah. But yeah I mean so you know not to apologize for interrupting you but going into the whole thing about you and him collabing you'd want to do something like that if you had a choice. Of course I would I like collabing with all the the various influences and the Arnold's it's several collabs with various people some guys people thought I'd be with there's this guy T at F is think his name's Joel. I've done videos about me tried up my turkestrony said it didn't work and I met him and we talked for 20 minutes he sent me a video he said hey it's my number one video I mean you just shouldn't have shit in the gym. Like that's awesome so I have no reason why I wouldn't want to collab with Mike like as I said I never personally had this hatred of Mike. I I just did videos I'm like I don't you did it for them on you did it for them like you did it for them like you did it because I need the enjoyment like I really felt like he hated me but I didn't hate him back. You know we had done a great video together like it was a couple years ago where we did a video like this and I'm telling you like we talked about is main gating okay is this and that. And it went amazing well there was no beef at that point I was we were perfectly like and then I asked him again you want to do videos and then there was no response nothing and then we met up at the Olympia and he made fun of my voice and put me down the old time and it was very awkward I'm like okay I'll just go along with it. Cause it's a video skip and then after the video is over I'm like okay let's talk and they just ran away and I'm like okay so that's what he wants and then when he made a video saying you know. Greg Eli he says he's a doctor I was like okay it's on now now it's on because like this is what I do I'm a professional troll so if you're going to troll me I'm going to troll you back if you give me that negative energy I'm going to give you that negative energy back but times 10 and that's what I did and you know unfortunately for him. Thousands and thousands of my fans loved it so much that they started writing in his DMs his comment section on all of his videos like and it became a meme to just troll on Mike and so I think that. It went a bit too far with the hatred that was directed towards him because he rarely said it in the back to me I escalated tenfold so the hatred from Mike's fans to me. Wasn't really there mind to him 10x and so I was putting a lot more negative energy than he was towards me and so. Do you really want to have a beef? Somebody that doesn't want to be back it's not the same but if Mike wanted to keep putting out that energy then of course I would. Right but you ever feel bad at that point though never. No I'm like he started it he's continuing it if somebody calls you a clown social path and calls you a cock sucker do you feel bad when you say he he had 20 pounds of body water because he was younger he was overweight like. You know, let's repeat with things that he said and so I never felt bad because I'm like I'm getting you back for what you did to me like if I punch you in the mouth. I don't think you're a feel bad punching me back in the mouth and that's what it was but not with fist but with words. Yeah I think like you said I think it's it's the disproportionate retaliation at that point and then all of that stuff is probably what it was but again hopefully it's like everybody can cold hands and go kumbaya you know and. Yeah like I wanted to have the beef squash legit and actually make colabs and progress and take the future fitness to community either because when I sit and reflect and I trust me I've reflected on this and I'm like. Overall 20 years for now when you look back on this it was a better to have a beef that goes on for five straight years 10 years or is it better that there was a beef and then it was shown to the world that you can make up and be friends after that and spread more positivity about fitness. I think that's a better overall message to millions of people then you know it's really cool having beef and fighting about people with words that's not a positive message and so I'd rather steer towards the positivity than the negativity. Absolutely I think ultimately. The negative the negativity can only last so long right before it plays itself out that's why being able to actually give back to the fitness community. Whether it's your experiences whether it's information on training information on nutrition any of those things that fit our channels it's really important to try to do that I mean believe me I've had plenty of times where I could have went in and I'm really hard on people. I know you know utterly would have destroyed them like there's things that I could have done that could have really really been you know really really been bad for somebody's career but then I just said look. They're not in the right state of mind they're saying some really messed up shit. I'm going to go ahead and just turn the other cheek and then you know it worked its way out God has a way to be able to kind of make things right with energy at one point or another. But I do feel like keeping things as positive as possible are is the longer better solution ultimately you know and that's that's my for at least that's my philosophy. But you know and speaking of philosophies on on the training stuff I do want to touch on that because you know thank you for the update because again this was such a hot topic that as you mentioned it and I said okay this is a you know something was so discuss. Moving on to from there about the the bro science slash body building mentality and training. Versus bro you know the bro versus. The science. Yes, what's what's your take on that. I think we should be somewhere in the middle. I think that we can take things from both sides. I've always been like a bro kind of like training guy in the gym. I've experimented on myself. I mean I've been trained since I was 10 before there was really any science and after a while you just start learning and you research and you should apply some of those things. There's some main principles that make sense for everyone like progressive overload or train harder than last time. But I think what it goes too far nowadays is that people think that every single rep has to be with perfect form that you can't ever cheat or swing a little bit. But there's all these fancy funky little exercises to replace what we already know works like I don't care laying on a decline bench with 10 pound dumbbells and saying you have a stretch bias and all you're sounding smart but like you're laying on a bench with 10 pound dumbbells. It's not working as hard as doing an actual curl or using cables and curling. It's just a bit too much and so people see that and think oh it's science train science training doesn't say to use only 10 pounds when you're 250 pound monster. So people are just going too far. So you basically yeah, I mean obviously the pendulum tends to swing too far the other way sometimes and I do believe that there is something in the middle. I believe that there's a lot of really good things that we're learning from science from exercises but also on the nutrition side and look at the supplements. I remember when creatine was 300 bucks a kilo right and against the absolute best ingredient out there is creatine. I mean they're getting more and more information out there and people don't talk about these nutritional supplements and how much better they are now and how much more accessible they are now than back in the day when you and I are coming out because you were roughly around the same age because you're almost 50 right. Correct. Yeah and so it's one of those things we're worried it a really good time to be able to focus on things like hey great I can use way protein isolate I can end up using creatine I can use some type of a vasodiliter with whether it's a citrillion or a nitrate based. We can turn around and be able to use a lot of different ingredients to be able to take your training to the next level and your recovery to the next level. But I mean and as we're talking about that right now I do believe that some of the really new science based stuff that I feel has made a good positive impact is full range of motion for middle for really. Making sure you minimize the likelihood of getting injured that's where I feel like that is given us a lot better. Foundation to up and coming bodybuilders because so many people had shit form because they saw the Ronnie Coleman videos right so you know Ronnie really good friend of mine actually I'm going to probably end up seeing him later this week. He's coming over to the gym here when we saw each other ever at the at the panada booth he's like I got him to come over and visit and train with you and I said okay no problem you know him and I are very close friends. But when you see his training and you get under a 600 pound squat and then you go yeah buddy and then it looks like you know little people are strapped to his legs because of how big his quazar. Then some of those people that were doing that were blown out their back blown out their knees I mean obviously it was rough on his body too because if you see kind of the aftermath of that. But I do feel that the full range of motion I mean is that something you agree with or disagree with with that because again is is your philosophy that. Form is as important as what I believe in or is it more just get the weight to where you need to be able to contract and and the rest just happens. My career the older I've gotten the more I've realized it for him is more important than just getting the weight up I used to ego lift in the gym I used to be like Sam Sulek let's put on the biggest weights and let's lift. Now even Sam Sulek I literally made a video on in this morning he's like you know we don't need to lift all those heavy weights the way that I was doing you can actually stretch and you can actually squeeze and hold the weight. Instead of doing 10 plates on the leg press maybe you can get away with only doing four and he learned that because while he was dieting he could no longer lift those heavy weights he didn't want to get injured and he's like well. Jesus worked and so until you've experimented with yourself and which I've done and the person who actually introduced me to this the most was erratanicky and when you see a guy who's 260 pounds of muscle. And he's doing the slowest rep you've ever seen in your life and controlling and stretching and like what is this and then you tried you're like wow this actually worked and then I start lighting my loads instead of using three plates I'm using two but I'm stretching further I'm squeezing more and my muscles have been gotten smaller than we got bigger and some like. I'm doing it all these partial range motion I used to like if I'm doing a chest machine I would start it here I'm like I want to get there I want to like use the most weight now I'm trying to put a weight behind my back to really stretch and I'm like. Less weight less chance of injury more time training less chance less time not training by being injured and better results and so the more I see that the more I see it on myself and other people the more I think that's what people should be doing and so I'm a hundred percent against eagle lifting I think that people need to do this whole range of stuff even more than they were and so I grew you a hundred percent. Yeah I always use a. An adage that's like a golf swing if you really improperly learn how to swing a club and as you progress you just end up getting bad habits you're going to be more likely to be able to not break that bad habit. So it's really good if you're listening to this and you're a new lifter you really need to make sure the biomechanics are on point because then when you get stronger you'll be less likely to get hurt and you're more likely to grow. So that's why the form is so important I don't believe that you're going to outgrow. If you're going to do a 10 pound dumbbell and you're doing the strictest form this is just my philosophy you're not going to outgrow. I think a 20 pound dumbbell or 25 pound dumbbell with 90 or 95 percent of the form I feel like you'll get more out of that then you would be a hundred percent dead on right with 10 pounds there is a certain limit range of weight that you will not grow from and certain exercises need a minimum amount of weight to grow. You can't be like I'm going to hold this five pound barbie dumbbell and I'm going to you know be able to just really do the most excellent form ever and I'm going to grow from that you do need to have a minimum amount of weight to be able to get the resistance that's needed to be able to get the growth factors that are necessary to be able to get a fuller rounder look. When it comes to hit style versus a volume base program what's your philosophies on that Greg. I think that it's most important to train the way that you like to train I think that if you don't train the way you enjoy that you're not going to put in the effort and it's not anything you do on any given day it's that what adds up for years and so I like pushing myself really hard and so I'm more of a opponent to doing less volume but more intensity now mind you. I'm not a beginner in intermediate lift I've been training my entire life I love going to failure and beyond failure that's how I like to train now if I did it I could probably ease off on that and do a more volume because in the end. More volume we do the less intensity you need the more intensity you need the less volume you're going to do I think that there's so many different ways to do that and so I'm not going to say that Jay color was wrong by doing you know more sets more volume less rest and that Ronnie Coleman was the right way. All these different ways worked we got during the eight train to certain way everyone's trained a different way and they're all successful so I think that you need to love what you're doing and then do it consistently in order to get the problem results. Yeah, I do believe in that as well I do that my only counterpoint to that is I believe that if Dorane would have been able to back off his weight 10% and increases volume 20% I think he would have had less likely to have the bicep tear the you know the claw tear he had tricep tear I mean he had so many tears that would be the only thing is if you go back and you really dial it in. I would say it would have been a bit better but again he had still an amazing result and he had a lot of Olympias wins and but looking at it his body was pretty war torn with that as well. Yeah, and that's that's like my point exactly like you need to be able to do it consistently not get hurt and the older I get there more I realize hey wait a minute. We should eagle if less and we should put more focus on the stretch and range of motion and so it takes time like Sam's so like like he's literally doing less heavy weights and doing more of this now he's he's learned that but he has to like it if you had a told him to do that at 16 and just all do that maybe wouldn't like it you know you might not have gotten away was so. You got to try to like tell people like okay no eagle lifting like if you can get rid of the eagle lifting then everything else to think it's going to work out. Right well and another that's another person that had a very big weekend this weekend so again shout out to Sam he took his first show. I think he listened to the critiques out there dialed it in came in a little bit lighter came in with really good condition and was able to get his pro card now what's going to happen now. You know I spoke to him and he said that he's going to wait at least a year before he does his protebucus now that he's. A pro Sam has heavier weight between eight to ten pounds bump up right in class that he can grow into. Then they're talk about if depending on how his frame looks filled out if there's an opportunity to go open if it doesn't look right at the top of the class but right now I I told him hey look I don't think you should think about that right now just fill in your frame you got plenty of weight to be able to grow into. Then make that decision but for now your classic max out your classic look in your weight class then from there Sam can turn around and be able to say okay now that I'm. I'm peaked out and I can't gain into more weight now let's see what I got to look like do I have do I have to refine from here and stay in classic or my frame just doesn't fit this class I should try to go ahead and try to get bigger and move to open but don't make that decision until you've actually been able to max out your weight. So I got strong opinions of this right now first of all Sam should be going off cycle I don't know he doesn't completely say he's on but it's highly likely he's not nanny he just finished his show he should go off now. I've seen hers and hers I just watched a video in recorded video this morning hers has. Cross-striated quads like I've never had on stage in his off season he's too 70 he's shredded to 70 he cuts the 227 Sam is nowhere near the size of hers he's not even close to that so he shouldn't be thinking super heavyweight unless hers is thinking that because hers is. He's he may not open yet not super really. Yeah like the two 25 yeah exactly doing open not even close to that big now for health reasons he shouldn't do it and he's not even close to that size now I know Sam is addicted with making progress but there's a lot of progress to be had and is as much as the 10 pounds he can add to it you know and been going pro. It's still get leaner you can still get the dialed in glutes like Logan Franklin and comment just stupid peel now. Is he gonna look good enough in classic to win a millipute title zero percent chance that he can win the Olympia I don't think that even with 10 pounds or 15 pounds he doesn't have the look of like Mike Sarfell I don't think he could ever beat him does that mean you should just go into open. I don't think that's wise I think then he would have to really be on the use of doses of steroids to compete against. Derek Lundsford and Samson Dota for his health I hope he stays classic because once you go up into these other way categories the stuff you have to do to get that kind of size because he ain't gonna look big enough at to to 31 he's got to be to 50 to 60 that's a lot more muscle. At least at least I mean look at see bomb he was 252 when we did the pro show and. Wow you had that heavy in three weeks from the. Wow yeah yeah he was 10 pounds yeah he went from 241 to 42 to 250 one to 252. But again it was a much rounder fuller I mean we've really carved them up and and pushed them but but again it also shows that we actually had to lose muscle. To be able to get him in so it's it's one of those things where to get him into the classic category he had to lose a little bit of muscle in the Olympia but going back to hers I agree with you 100% about hers I mean hers I trained to hers what was it the week of the Olympia I'm sorry the week of the Arnold he came in he trained with me for a couple of days and one of the videos are on his channel right now and another one's coming up on mine. He is bigger and harder than most open guys at that weight and it is so and like you said his weight is I think his weight cap is 230 to 207 yeah 27 so he's losing at least 15 pounds of muscle. Getting ready for the show because he's got stridey glutes he's got cross-stations in his quads he has no belly fat he doesn't have any area where he has to turn around and lose it I think the most amount of water his body carries right now isn't his face right yeah that's that's actually he looks like he's a little bit off and then he drops the pants and you're like what the heck am I looking at the feathering in the strikes it's just like he looks so ready in the legs. For like a lot of guys yeah and so ready in the legs he's still hard not shredded but hard in the upper body and minimal body fat and he's 270 and you're just looking at the guy and he's just you know thick as a house and you're like okay well if you start your initial diet as you've done you know being a pro you're going to end up losing five pounds to 10 pounds right away boom five to 10 pounds water is going to be glycogen. Exactly that the extra salt just from eating the process foods and whatnot boom that's gone so you bring him down to 260 from there. You know you're going to tell me that there's 30 pounds. It's not. I did a video in this like a year ago he was 270 had to make 222 at the time before they adjusted the weight categories and like you're not making it I posted a video and I'm like he can't make it. And I tested his body fat it was 10.8% he was 270 and he had the same like I'm like what am I looking at I'm like you're not losing 50 pounds like what are you doing he's like I'll make it I'm like. I don't know what to tell you I said if I were coaching you I'd have you 100% natural right now because you don't need any more muscle you I would tell you take a week off the gym. Like you have so much muscle what's the point right well it's actually becomes a detriment because what ends up happening is your frame actually starts to change and then when you have to lose the muscle it doesn't look right it's like wearing clothes oversized suit your body doesn't end up looking tapered because you put on too much mass and I think that that's the thing he's got to be really careful of is that he's once that happens and that can be dangerous. But like when you first use steroids there and your muscles start growing into your skin it's almost like this cool look now that I'm older and I've had the bigger muscles and they've shrank like I'm pretty lean but like when I pose at the skin isn't wrapped shrink wrapped around the muscles much because it's been bigger and so if you keep bulking up to 270 to 8300 pounds say and then your skin start stretching and you cut down 50 like Sam's young guys 23 but if he keeps doing this it's good eventually. I have a ticket to all in his body it's not going to look the same. Yeah absolutely I mean I think that the good thing is I think he's a person who's going to he's a cerebral guy he's he's probably watching a lot of what people are saying and being able to really help build out his narrative and his plans and his blueprint for this next year. Again I just I applaud him only because of the fact mostly because of the fact that he put his money to where his mouth is and actually competed because he could have destroyed his channel. He could have destroyed his money maker which is the fact that people are part of the journey you could just get the journey going without having to put your risk of putting yourself out there in front of these 11 judges that are going to pick you apart and then the other 30 million people online that could also just completely annihilate you. Because when you go up there you know I mean that's kind of what happened to Mike a little bit right Mike went on stage and you know went on there. In knowing that he has just an extreme amount of intellect and then going there and saying okay now you're going to judge me not on my knowledge but now on my body that's a risk right and it doesn't always pay off but at the end of the day I don't look at somebody look at me. I don't look like my athletes I'm just trying to get back to being healthy again to try to build balance so therefore I could live longer and spend time with my 11 year old son. You know so for me it's one of those things where it's like hey start taking care of yourself. It's not just about being able to coach people and trying to build the business and all these things. It's about spending time with my wife and my son and and being actually being able to enjoy a little bit of the journey after 30 years of doing this. So you know it'd be just like you because you you stopped competing as well right you're not planning on getting to go as my last show. Right it became almost useless plus I've like broken my like you can see some of the scars here on my elbows and stuff one I broke my elbows and two separate bike accidents so. The muscles are not there I'm almost 50 I mean I would be tempted to do a 15 over division but like I'm not going to do a steroid cycle to do it so how am I going to look. Not that good I mean like you'll look good you'll look good but you're not going to look like HRT doses are not going to equate to when you were running full cycles right. But not even near right and I'm older so you know for being for having testosterone levels in the 550 to 750 range I look pretty good for being a 50 year old but. But they're expecting IPB pro coach Greg how I used to look and it's like it's not going to happen right you know I'm a bike rider that lifts weights twice a week so I would do it for fun I would certainly guess pose and whatnot but I'm not going to go on a cycle which would be a horrible message like. I couldn't go on test and try and and blow up and put on the 15 or 20 pounds that I would want to just be that have that look. The message would be so Greg has been saying don't do steroids and then he just did steroids like it would be horrible so it's not something I'm going to do. So you don't have any plans on doing the over 50 class. If I did it I would do it on HRT only and I would probably get next to last. But I might at some point but I'm not going to say no but I won't do it and look like I would want to. Got you got you yeah like I said when people do it I think everybody should do a cup you know a show at least one show because it. It builds discipline it builds mental discipline and I think it's super important even at a young age even if you don't genetically have what it takes. To turn around and become a pro or win the show but it just really helps because it creates accountability and I feel like that's why people should all do show even just a natural show like when I competed I was like lifetime drug free and I'm just getting and I looked it. But I learned a lot I did it because you know I was coaching back then even in my early 20s and my even my late teens was when I got my first coaching job. And as our artists say back then it was just a personal trainer that did coaching as well and some people saw it being out because I was helping. Some people that back when I was in my early 20s and I think one of the biggest thing it was that I was really glad that I got involved in it. Then I tore my ACL and then I just full time into coaching and that literally the year I tore my ACL is when I had my first guy win the overall to USA and it was like okay let me put all of my. Eggs in the basket and see how I do with it and it was just went after win and I was very blessed to be able to work with some really really great athletes that had great genetics but were also coachable to be able to allow them to be able to really be the best versions of themselves. But it's one of those things now that I feel like you know when people go out like Sam and put themselves out there it is created big risk but it it you know but you got a huge reward out of it too because you was able to not kind of the park. So do you see anybody else in this fitness space that's coming up anybody else that you feel like you know could be the next Sam or something you know the next Mike or any of these big influencer types that are in the on the YouTube space. I mean we got Eric Janik he comes to mind right away. It's almost got a half a million followers he's huge like I see him posing less to. What's his name Brandon Curry yep and I mean Brandon's bit shorter better genetics for like the shape but Eric's got so much size but like he's never going to place highs a pro but I definitely think he's going to turn pro and with a physique like that. And with the unique training style that he has and a following on social media and ability to speak in front of a camera I think he could get to that level where maybe not. And you never know but like something like a Mike is your tell where he gets like millions of followers talking about training because. He has the physique that backs it up and that means a lot like when you have an IPB pro card which is why I think Mike wants to pro card it's almost like having a PhD. So you have a pro card there's a certain level of respect that you get in terms of oh you must know what you're doing because look at you. Right right yeah I mean again just like you said there is but I don't think it's necessary but I do think you're putting yourself out there for a lot of exposure because everybody in the world is going to critique you it's not like back in the day where. Dory and Yates could do a show and then three months after the show everybody found out that he has a bicep tear so nobody can rip apart two minutes after pre-junctions that over you know it's it's a it's a very different world because you are under a microscope 24 seven with every single social platform that you're a part of but and Eric. You know I've spoken to him he's super nice guy you know great to see him be able to improve. I know that you and I you know we spoke about him as connecting and trying to do something together because. I love seeing these athletes as well and opened up the doors to all of these people are. You know I've spoken to so many top pros this last weekend and and some up and coming amateur suit about coming in and doing some different things because now I can be able to not worry about everything that they're eating and doing everything will. I'm not sure if that's the time for the day and now I can just worry about the 90 minutes that we're going to be in the gym shooting content having fun but also giving suggestions so I'm I'm 11 the retire if. I guess where are they going to be able to see you next are you going to any of the other shows that are coming up Pittsburgh. was coming up, you have the New York pro coming up, or any of these other shows coming up that you're going to be at or anything else that's, you know, any of the... I've been going to... I'm going to Las Vegas in like a week to do several podcasts over there, but I don't have any specific plans for any specific shows coming up anytime soon. It was a quick restroom break, a little technical blend of the batteries that got out on the cameras, but again, you know, I really appreciate you taking the timeout Greg, getting caught up, discussing the situation with the beef with Mike and all of that, because it's such a, you know, newsworthy item right now, because it's all over the internet, it's all over YouTube, and you know, I'm hopefully, like I said, the beef is squashed and keep it, keep in it to the positive stuff would be great. Yeah, I think if the beef is squashed, keep it PG-13, it's not like I have to change myself as a human being. I can't make a video about Mike. It's just... I got to do it from a vantage point of like not just outward like trying to like shit on, like as a human being. So it's a different type of style of video, but it's for education and it's for debates. And whenever I see something on the internet that I'm like, hmm, do I agree with that? Do I disagree? I love making videos about that. All right, well, I appreciate your, you know, coming on and know that you're super, super busy. And guys, definitely let me know in the comments below what you guys think about the whole Mike and Greg drama that was going on. It was, it was one of those things that some people said, we're going to miss it, but I think it can evolve into something way more positive. So looking forward to seeing the next round of videos. So my name is Hani Rambad. This is Greg DuSett. And that's the truth.