Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, Hani Rambad, and we have a new episode of Q&A for you. So many of you have been asking to go back into the Q&A format, so haven't done one in a while, and I am now ready to go. So again, thank you guys all on the DMs as well as on the Instagram that are giving me the questions. So that's where I pulled these from. Sometimes I pull them from YouTube, sometimes I pull them from IG. This one's these are all from IG. The funniest thing is the first two people that jumped on and actually asked me questions was was, was, hotty and then Laura Lee, which is hilarious, but we'll go ahead and we'll start with hotty himself. And he says it obviously in Farse because he can't speak English. And for those that, and I'm going to remind you, for those that don't know, it's hard for him to learn English because he can't hear himself. So he doesn't know how to enunciate. And when you're pronouncing the words, it's really hard when you can't hear yourself and your pitch on how to be able to actually pronounce words. So, and people say, well, how do you learn Farse? Well, if you learn Farse way before he started losing his hearing. So it's a genetic disorder. I believe one of the, one other of his brothers has the same thing, but I do want to give you a little bit of that because some people ask me. But first question he has, or actually the only, first and only question, but he was the first one to ask a question, which is hilarious, which is, Manchikar Kwanam Kachan Nasham. So that's a Farse. And the translation is, what do I get to do to not be bald? And if you're not looking at me on YouTube right now, I am definitely follicularly challenged. And for those that you do, how are have seen me and do watch the YouTube, then obviously you know that I have very little to no hair. Most of it has moved back to my shoulders and back and it's migrated. But he's asking me, so I am basically going to answer this, is that the thing that you got to do is, number one, pick better parents. So it's very, very genetic. So when you are getting at matted anybody, then it's, last night checked, I believe it was from your mother's father's side. So if your mother's father, your gonna bald chances are you're gonna be bald and that's how it kind of goes. But, and obviously, you're using androgens or anything like that, then it can increase the speed of that and worse than the effects. But what can you do is turn around and do what most of everyone else did, see bum, hot, he and everybody else and go to Turkey and get a hair transplant. So many people are doing it. I think Ian also, I just dropped his name, a lot of people have gone recently. And the funny thing is, I'm gonna tell a little story about this, is that they've actually reached out to me. But there's nothing to transplant. So again, I guess I'm, I'll hear my arms on my back if you want to, if you want to try to witness protection and plan it and move it to my head, then maybe, or if you can clone hair and that becomes a thing. But I don't mind because I don't have any crazy divots, not going wood in my head or anything like that that makes me self conscious about not having hair. But I do want to let you know also, there are another follow-up question that I did have was whether or not I believe in Propecia. I am not a firm believer in Propecia and not because it doesn't work. I do feel like there are a lot of side effects with it. So Eric Tile dysfunction is probably the main one that some people get. So again, be a bit careful with that. And I do feel like it can affect your contest prep. There's some people out there that don't think that. I personally had used it in the past and did it help me hold onto some hair. Absolutely. But do I think that it can hinder gains? Or yes, and can it mess up a little bit of your mood slash erectile dysfunction 100% it can do that. So everybody's going to be a bit different. You can go ahead and give it a try, but it's one of those things that I don't really recommend. So one of the things that that you got you can do is stick to something more topical like a monoxidil. So go ahead and give that a try. But on to the next question. Next question comes from Miss Olympia Bikini, Champ herself, Laura Lee Chabados. A flavor you wish you have never done or done first. Okay. So I think a flavor that I wish I had never done when it came to all the products would have been probably the ice eject, unflavored. I didn't unflavored once because again, I thought it was a really good for prep and what not. And people would then try the vanilla. They would try chocolate. They tried strawberry. They did not like the unflavored. I thought there was going to be much, many more adopters just purest out there that says, I don't want any flavor system in no way. There was very few and far and between that was a one and done run and I was a learning tool for me. So now as you notice, I've got probably 18 to 20 flavors now of ice ejected I've created because I tend to geek out on. We put some in the system to be able to put out for commercialization. Then there's other ones that I have that are on standby. And so that's why you see all kinds of really cool flavors and then some flavors go away and then they come back another good example that was blueberry muffin, which just came back to the site and people are going nuts for it. Every time I come bring something back and they're there for like a set period of time, what I do is I do a flavor update. So in the past it was a bit more of that blueberry flavor in the past. Then we turned around and on this one it's much more of a balance between blueberry and muffin. So you kind of taste the edges of that muffin that's just cooked so well. And you can take those notes in when you're drinking it by itself. And what's great about it is also the fact that when I did the blueberry muffin, I thought that it was really good, especially with water. And I make all of these flavors. I really taste everything with water. Many other companies will take almond milk. They'll take some kind of like regular milk. And obviously that always makes it more delicious. Give it more calories. It gives it more texture. But if it's truly a good protein, I think it's going to taste good in water. Just cold water. And making sure that you can drink that and or then mix it up with oatmeal, cream or rice anything else that you want to mix it with, especially I think oatmeal makes it next level. But but Laurel these got some really really good questions here. So that was the first part of our question. So again, never done would have been that one. And or I'd done first it would have been I think the blueberry muffin. I think I would have if I wish I would have done that in the very get it would have been a really really good idea. But also there is something brand new coming, but I won't talk about that until probably the next podcast because I'm like I said I'm always working about three to six months ahead on a lot of these projects. But she especially going into prep going for the Olympia with whether it's her or whether it's hotty all of them. They really crave very savory flavors, especially when you're starting to get ready for the show because you have to go without right. So cheap meals are very few and far between and then when you do have a protein shake you want something to be super delicious something that's got great mouth feel and something is obviously easily digestible. But again, if I had done the blueberry muffin would have been one of them. I'm going to add another flavor to it. Also is the cookie crisp. I think is next level amazing because you get those little cookie pieces in it. Yep, there's a ramp up the protein a little bit or I should say the carbs a couple grams absolutely but the cookie crisp is also because of the the mouth feel and having some of the inclusions I think that makes it next level. So there's a lot of iterations of that out there from other brands. I wish if I could have done it first I would have loved it but obviously that flavor has been around for many many years but but I really do like ours. Lurely you're amazing she's out there running around she's at New York pro and she was posting some amazing content out there so if you're not following her shame on you follow her and I shouldn't say don't follow a hotty but he's already got like nine and a half million followers. So he's doing all right. The next question is FSC seven for natural body building if so how often would you use it really good question from Luke. So Luke the way you look at FSC seven is the fact that you want to be able to recover from those workouts usually when you're natural you're going to have a less recovery in general. But one maybe two times a week maximum if you're especially if you're on top of your active recovery you're really on top of your massage your sleep you're making sure that you're getting protein in every you know two to three hours and you're really focused on the recovery component. So if you do in that one to two times a week now obviously enhanced everything changes is taking from a stock car and you're doing a modified car and then wanting to be able to race and say well how many times can you go out there and be able to break that quarter mile by like you know eight seconds or whatever you want to think is super fast or is super amazing and what you do is you can actually throw that in three I wouldn't recommend more than maybe three times a week at maximum four but that would be. Again really really at the next level about three times but one if you're natural maybe up to two if you're really great at recovery then three times maximum four in a given week on an FSC seven set and I'm talking about the traditional FSC seven set we're doing seven sets 30 seconds arrest a lot of the modified new versions that I have on my app. You have three to five sets doing with short duration restoration 30 to 45 seconds or you're doing three to five sets and doing a superset where you're doing like a cable fly then you're going into pushups and so some of that stuff I had taped just last week when we were doing that at the S2 event in St. Louis so again if you haven't seen that it's on the Evision channel and I had a couple of young bucks out there there was three male athletes two I believe are 20 years old one of most nineteen years old. And how to great time with those guys they won the Evision contest over at S2 and St. Louis and we were able to go through an amazing workout together and those guys went next level and we were doing an FSC seven set of chest workout chest workout chest and shoulder workout and then we were supersetting the chest fly with pushups and those guys were going to absolute failure so shout out to them and and shout out to Andy for Stella he has a cameo in there. And but yeah he was asking me if I was beaten him up and I was beaten him up really good so they they did a great great great job and it was always great to be able to hang out with Andy and Sal and all the guys over there in St. Louis so it was awesome. So the new S2 facility was next level that was awesome so again if you're interested that and you want to see that workout especially with those young bucks. They had a great workout and they pushed themselves just like if they were pros so I got to give it up to them so shout out to the guys in St. Louis shout out to the S2 team you guys made it next level for us super hospitable and can't wait to do the next Evision S2 collab that was awesome. So next question. All right this guy actually seems safe so safe said my creating powder is having small lumps in it. Is that okay to consume so a lot of people ask regarding clumping right especially like let's just specifically talk about creating number one it shouldn't be doing that if it is it's gotten moisture in it. Definitely smell it I tend to have my athletes throw away their creating once starts getting moisture inside the bottle so either doesn't have a desk in bag in it or it wasn't sealed properly or maybe you've left it open for too long in a high humid environment so then it can go sideways and I would just get rid of it because as we all know creating turns into creatinine when it hits moisture especially after several hours. So when you have those days were on end where that moisture has been connected with the actual substance the actual ingredient the creatinine hydrate what you're going to do is you sometimes can get some foul smell from it as well. And sometimes it even has that even before it clumps and that means that ammonia smell you're not getting good quality creatin. So make sure if your creatin does have that ammonia smell to it and it's you know it could be really it won't smell so much rancid it is do not use that stuff that means that the stuff is not been manufactured properly. So you want an ingredient that's super clean it should have no smell to it and so make sure that you do not have that especially if there's clumps as well. I would stay away from it. So be careful on that one also I'm just going to throw in the situation with. El Quarantine El Quarantine is another one that just collects moisture so after a while the powder it doesn't matter how good the quality is if it's been open. And especially if you're in a high humid environment it will clump so. Again, if you're getting small little pieces not a big deal on the El Quarantine I would just throw those out and get back to the powder but if it's just it couldn't actually turn into goo again. So you got to make sure that you use the products in a certain amount of time usually within a month maybe two and then keep it in a cool dry place. Sometimes when you can't put in a cool dry place keep it in the refrigerator that's one of the reasons why I always put it keep refrigerated if possible because when you put things in the refrigerator it keeps things way more stable and then also companies don't have to actually put in so many different. And then you can put in a lot of the amount of dehydraging agents to keep it from clumping so again it's a balancing act when we're building these and making these private products but if you are in Florida you're anywhere humid hot humid middle east wherever make sure you take that and then you want to keep it for long term throw it in the fridge it'll keep it much more stable especially if you're in those hot environments so good question. So you can keep asking that again I've mentioned this before but I really like about four days a week non lake days 20 to 25 minutes normally doesn't have to be fast it could be either before like when you wake up in the morning fast it or you can do it after training I don't believe in doing it before training. But after training when your glycogen levels are lower jumping on there and being able to do a cool down with some cardio is the way to go and Again, don't beat yourself up especially when it comes to doing leg day You do want when it gets your legs tired before you end up going in and doing heavy squats or let leg presses and doing a bunch of cardio beforehand You know if you're doing cardio beforehand on that warm up if you want to get on the bike for five minutes It's going to warm up treadmill five minutes no problem But you shouldn't be doing 25 minutes before because I think you're gonna really lower your performance Next question Coach Mars most underrated supplement right now for someone in prep coach Mars is asking the question So honestly I think the most underrated supplement right now is Ashwaganda and I'm saying that because I've been using it so much more as I've been developing more products with KSM 66 and it it's become a huge huge help especially for Relaxing in the evening so whether I take it by itself and run 600 milligrams You know even the other day I was kind of really jacked up on caffeine because I was trying out a bunch of new EVPs and The EVP it extremes When you're starting to go out flavor after flavor you get quite a bit of caffeine and so What happened was I wanted something to kind of like mellow me out So I ended up taking 1200 milligrams and That 1200 milligrams buy itself so again Not only does it help test-offs for home, but it helps you with lowering your cortisol and it helps kind of with reduce anxiety and helps you relax So one huge huge component is the fact that KSM is known for this Using the roots and not the stems are the leaves and the quality of the ingredient of the Ashwaganda is considered the gold standard And that's why I've been using it for over six years in my test booster But I've just really noticed that he'd also help me personally also with blood sugar actually and I think Part of that might not be directly Reducing blood sugar, but helping me relax and getting better sleep Help me lower my blood sugar. So again Not only does it help you increase your testosterone lower cortisol, but now I'm also feeling like the sleep quality was better And again, I wear or ring at night and so putting that on there and being able to track that has been tremendously helpful for me And I can see all of the different things that's doing There's also some thyroid studies now with it as well So you're starting to see your elevated test levels elevated free test levels reduction and cortisol being able to optimize thyroid Helping with sleep all of these things anxiety all of these things Especially when you're doing a lot of caffeine like I was because I was doing all that product testing RTDs as well as extreme and I'm doing oh man. How am I gonna sleep tonight? So I popped two of them so clinical dose of 600 milligrams the the upper threshold I believe is around over three or five grams I have to go look it up But I believe is over three grams you can take and still be okay right around that three gram mark at the upper threshold but I took 1200 I took two Two capsules of pure KSM 66 just to see how it goes and sometimes I've taken two scoops of the new cell cam because 600 milligrams in the new cell cam for recovery But that night I just wanted to see is it gonna help me out to help sleep and then the or ring showed Just longer periods in RAM Better deep sleep and I was able to still get like eight and a half hours of sleep Normally I'm like a five to six hour sleeper. I really am I'm a light sleeper and Especially when I've had a lot of caffeine earlier the day before The other thing that I feel like it really helps me with is the fact that Again this just might be Something that's a little bit of that placebo effect, but I felt like not only did I get deeper sleep But then when I woke up I was just more refreshed I didn't have that little Melatonin hangover Because again, I sometimes take melatonin and I can always feel that hangover So I got to be careful with that, but for those of you that have tried it. I've loved to hear what you think in the comments below What your experiences with KSM 66? Ashwa Gonda and definitely will love to hear it next question Five essential subs. Okay, transform with Brandon all right transform with Brandon five essential subs So number one is got to be creating creating is Number one stuff out there right now. You're getting so many good clinical studies with all not just in terms of Strength and fullness and being able to have all of those type of performance things, but so much more when it comes to Memory as a nitropic so you're getting so many more different. I mean I don't know how they didn't figure this out earlier because it's such a great product But they're getting even more and more of these studies out there on creating so that's one number two Protein I think protein powder especially way protein isolate post workout super essential Minimizes bloating versus other types of protein when you have the blended proteins and so I think that that's one of the reasons why people really gravitate to it Because it helps with recovery and I feel like doing some protein at night So you can less likely to snack works out really really well or first thing in the morning to be able to Augments so you don't have to do so many egg whites get bloated off of all those egg whites You can turn around and be able to kind of compromise and throw in some protein in your oatmeal So you can be able to get that going but protein powder is amazing especially the way protein isolate Third thing I would say is making sure that you're running a really good pre workout So again whether it's Tim base or non-s Tim base something that has a nitrate in it so like argin nitrate is something that I'm very very very Compiled to use in my products so I use that for 3D as well as extreme fourth thing is glycerol product so EEPAQ balancing it out to glycerol with a sodium based vitamin C using different pathways For nitric oxide instead of going just straight to nitrates you can just turn around and reveal to reintroduce nitric oxide through S7 the B-tain in there So I use the EEPAQ on that pre workout and then I would say on the number five Kai that's a hard one again just maybe going back to the ashwood under right now But I'm again there's there's several different products that I like but right now I'm kind of geeking out on the ashwood onto so the KSM 66 Because again, I'm using it in cell cam. I'm using it by itself So that would be something that if even if you just go out and buy it by itself I think it would you guys would see a good reduction in the anxiety stress and then all the things I just talked about about 10 minutes ago There you go your brand EVGEN is it original and Iran yes, so again, exor has that product So if you're looking for EVGEN in the Iranian area Then exor does have the original EVGEN and I always tell people when people around the world and you're not sure if you if it's Original or if it's been counter-fitted because there are counterfeit EVGEN products out there take a photo of it of the label the back the bottom the top and we can track it down and see if it's if it's legit so Definitely There's people that have done that and we have found a fake product before in counterfeit product So if you are worried that might be counterfeit you can go ahead and send it over question What is the best safe and risk-free alternative to the steroids? You know there are it's such a huge Difference when it comes to taking testosterone versus taking a test booster, right? So you cannot turn around and compare the two the closest thing you can do is say hey look if you want to use a like we I create Evo boost which again The female here case I'm 66 but it's also got Several different other ingredients in there and I won't get too deep into it, but it's going to help elevate you to maybe if you're low normal To mid like normal It's not gonna take you from a 300 to 1200 right you know a shot test a shot test depending on the dosage Can take you up to 2000 3000 right and What needs to be really understood is that these You know brands out there that are trying to make it look like this is going to be like night and day It's not I'm gonna be completely honest with you It's not what you're gonna feel is you're gonna feel more optimized right? Especially if you're borderline that's where you're gonna feel the best results You're gonna be like okay. I'm a little bit low, but your test went up maybe a hundred points But your free test went up substantially and now you really feel a difference right and So it's it's one of those things it's not gonna feel like you went on a cycle There's nothing out there that does that except for real, you know Taking real steroids and again if you're young stay away from it guys All you're gonna have to do is just max yourself out naturally first then go on if you want in your mid 20s Your 23 24 depending on how good your genetics are then you can decide to do something like that If you want to go down that road but ultimately try to go natural because it's going to end up being the Healthiest alternative so you can look great on the outside and also stay healthy on the inside If you've got some crazy genetics and you just side-hate look I want to go ahead and try to go you know dip your toe into that by all means just make sure you do it with a professional and make sure you get your blood work done first so Good question Can I react? Sergio's asking me can you react in a YouTube video with a physique of Joseph a beast? Yes, I've gotten a bunch of questions for that so again, I will put him in The one of the next coming Rate your physique so that way I think he definitely deserves that he really had a battle between him and Terrence in the Pittsburgh show Show again. That was a great great show glad I was able to not miss that one and I think he really pushed him but I do feel like Terrence came back at his best at the following show in New York So but Joseph a great great physique. I can definitely do a Physi-rate your physique on that one But both of them amazing athlete athletes and Joseph was doing a great job growing his physique All right, lift date is every day Honning see you bum come back a low-oil question mark question mark question mark Come back to what the buffet him and I were together in Pittsburgh so again a little reunion We had milkshake Matty we had you know see them we had the crew out there and It was fun. It was fun getting a hang out a little bit You know run around and But yeah He is rehabbing his shoulder He's very thankful that he does not have to get ready for the Olympic year right now because he's hurt and he's trying to get back to normal Doing a lot of legs and while he's rehabbing the upper body, but yeah, yeah, I asked him actually I said hey you miss it and he's like not really I think he's just got a You know enjoying the moment and then enjoying Bradley his daughter And court and just his family and his family time But he is working his ass off out there too, you know, he's out there You know doing a lot of appearances and doing things of that nature, but but yeah I think that he's just glad that he doesn't have to prep right now with that injury So a lot of a lot of a lot of years of wear and tear that I think caught up with him after the show All right guys we got just a couple more left here and Chris Pendry you're opinion on gynacomastia I've never heard you mention it on your podcast all right Chris So now we will talk about it If you have itchie nipple syndrome Yes, right itchie nipple syndrome i and s Then you should definitely start taking anti-astrogens especially if you're on cycle Do not wait to your nipple start to really really hurt if you're getting any kind of sensitivity and You're running something then you should definitely take something to help reduce that now There's a couple different angles you can do and depending on how Intense the itch is whether it's to mocks fendery if you end up using a remadex There's a couple different ways to go about it But what you want to do is try to get to a point where you don't need to do that So we can get your home ones so far out of balance, but let's just say You know the dam is broken and you're just spilling estrogen and now you are just just Go up against your gym partner and you're nipple just kind of like oh it hurts it's itchy It's it's sore, you know, it's bad bad really bad So what you gotta do is you gotta make sure you get ahead of it right so again Your dosages could be off your ratios Could be off of which the compounds you're taking But you do want to get ahead of that and do not allow it to start to get into a very thick Fibrous tissue because then when you get to that point It becomes irreversible and you do need to cut it out So it's very very hard are there? Sometimes where it's not so fibrous and that the medications can help Absolutely, but once it really starts to get thick and it becomes a pretty good amount I've seen people like dollar size dollar Coin size Got to and it looks horrible guys do not get yourselves to that point You want to go ahead and clean that up make sure and if you already have it and you can't get rid of it Go see a doc go see a doctor get somebody who's known for doing that and get it cut because you're gonna always have issues Doesn't matter how lean you get you're gonna always have issues taking your shirt off so go get a consult Normally that's a plastic surgeon that does that and you want it one that is not gonna accidentally give you breast implants So they might end up you know There might be a special on that but By all means guys so again That is the end of the Q and A. I appreciate you guys all Make sure you go in and put in the comments let me know your questions for the next Q and A and Definitely appreciate all of you sharing liking subscribing and adding to the community so again Thank you guys so much honey Rambad and that's the truth