Welcome to the Truth Podcast. I'm your host, Honny Rambad, and I am here with the young upcommer himself. I called him El Nino, Axel Martinez. Axel Martinez has been a part of our eugen family for God, about almost a year and a half. Yeah, and we met at one of the young LA events and was one of the people that wanted to get together and do a workout and then talk about how he wanted to be able to grow and then was also tried out some of the eugen products. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, so welcome to show. Thank you. Yeah, the house had been for a year and a half, bro. Being a dream. Yeah, I literally pay him to say that. No, no, no. He said dream because I always liked the big athletes at the eugen and right now being part of the family's dream. Being with you, with the team eugen is really really a dream. Well, you, what stood out to me about you is your passion, but also your humble nature. You know, I think that when people get to meet you, you're very respectful, you're very passionate, but you're also, I think, one of those people that is a giver. You're like a person who really loves people and you love and appreciate your fans. And you grew a lot, not just physically, but also with the ability to be able to say, well, my body's growing, but your social media is growing a lot too. I mean, since we started working together, how many, how much have you grown? Muscle or let's just do social first and then we'll talk about your physique because because again, you're more of an influencer that's becoming an athlete, than becoming the athlete first, than becoming an influencer. It's kind of different. So let's talk about your social because you're also, God, what, how many months ago did you turn 21? Six months ago. Six months ago. Right. So in January, you turned 21. Yeah. And then, and I remember when you were like 1920. And so when you look at it, you had a following, but now, I mean, how much has your following grown in a year and a half? If I have 800 K, right now, I have almost the double. Okay. So you grew to 1.6 million almost? Yeah, almost 1.5. 1.5 million, almost double. Yeah. Got it. And then that was in the last year and a half year and a half. Right. Yeah. And is that Instagram or TikTok? Instagram, TikTok? I don't remember. That's it, true. Yeah. What are you, how many, how many followers do you have on TikTok? Almost 2.6 million. Yeah. So you're blowing up on TikTok. Now, let me ask you this. Because when we met at the young LA event, what you said was like, I want to compete and I want to compete at the high level. And at that point, I think you've done, because you haven't competed since you've been with me. You're just, because you said, I want to put on size and I want to go pro at some point, right? What I want to basically share with the audiences is that you were like 175 pounds, right? Yeah. At the time, when I met you, lean, but kind of thin for six foot, right? You're six foot, 175 pounds skinny, skinny bitch is what you had. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can you fit? And so the cool thing was that he's like, look, man, I want to get bigger. You know, let's do a workout. I said, sure, let's work out together. He's a great young LA ambassador athlete. And he had already done how many shows, one show two shows, how many shows a lot like four or five shows. Oh, you did four or five. Yeah, but, no, you did. Did you teach class? Did you teach class or what did you do? Open, teenage. In Mexico, I don't know, talk to me about it. I don't know. Like in Mexico, I was a man physique, but there is games, games. He's like, Nadi, Nadi, bully, building. Okay. And also I compete when he's not Nadi bully building. That's no more games. That's no more games. No more games. But they aged those in water. Got you. Be 14, 20, 25, they don't care. Got you. Got you. And then at that point, you're competing on stage at what 170, 165, 170, maybe? In kilos, like, how Michigan kilos? 60 kilos, 60, 55. Yeah. That's like 135 pounds. Yeah, 40. Yeah. I don't want to say, but, oh, wow, that's crazy skinny. But again, you got good shape. And then we got together and you pushed hard man. That was what drew me to you. Was that you were like pushing like a bodybuilder, not like a mince physique guy that, you know, or, and not to say all mince physique guys, hold back. But I'm saying is just that you just trained your ass off. Let's just say that. And because I don't want to stereotype. My whole thing is that who did you look up to when you were coming up? Nobody. Nobody didn't look up to anybody. You didn't see anybody that you looked up to you? No, nobody. I see my brother, but he trained just for being good. So you weren't looking on social media, and anybody going at the time when you were coming up? Nobody. I didn't know that all these exist when I start competing, like one year before, start training, I see Eve again, and I see you with Jeremy, but when I start nobody. Got you. Got you. Yeah, and that's another guy that Jeremy, right? Jeremy was really good about training like a bodybuilder because he started off in bodybuilding, right? He started off in bodybuilding. So like with his legs and everything else, like when he was competing as an amateur, he was competing as a bodybuilder. So he would train his ass off, you know, and that's where I think that that similarity with that mindset you had, which was like really pushing yourself. And I go, okay, now obviously you're a lot taller than Jeremy. So you have a big frame. And so then you said, hey, look, I really want to kind of push my body in terms of like putting on some size and, you know, and Axel asked me to help him. And I said, you know, we can definitely discuss going over everything. My biggest concern is are you going to be able to like stay on top of your meals because you're also an influencer in number one, right? And when I say influencer, it's like, hey, you know, like always trying to be in shape and always trying to come up with skits on TikTok and doing these things. And you got to be a bodybuilder and like get your meals, get all of those things. And whether you're going to compete in men's physique or in classic, at the end of the day, you got to do the same thing. You got to grow. And you're so tall. And I'm like, okay, you're not five six or not five seven. You're, you know, you're six foot. But, you know, when we got that work out in, and I saw that, you know, you're putting in the, how hard was it to change your mentality? Because some people never change. They always want to be an influencer. Even though they say they want to be a bodybuilder, but they want a party. They want to do other things. They want, you know, it was hard for me. Some stuff like sample. I never go to a party, never, never. That, that things, it was easy for me because I always been like, at the gym. But for me, it was hard to change. Like, I was like a steady guy. And then change and do bulk and then compete. That it like they hardest to inform me. Because I was like, really, really in shape, aesthetic. And I don't know. I don't know what the people will say that I am not more like in, really, really in shape. And I will change to compete. But that's the reason. I don't know if you remember that I told you, you think I could do like a really good job on the building. You say, yes. And I said, let's do it. That is my dream. That was being my dream. And I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, so believe in that, when you, I saw how hard you worked. And you were willing to really push yourself. That's when I said, yeah, you know, and you were saying, hey, you know, I love the products with the vision. So yeah, yeah, it chance to try all the products. And then we entered a signing you. And you said, I want to go to the next level. I want to someday turn pro. And whether it's men's physique or whether it's classic, whatever happens. But I want to grow to be able to compete as a professional. And in a year and a half to put on 50 pounds on your frame is, yeah, it's hard. Yeah, it's hard. Yeah, like all of those things. Because you said to me, you said, yeah, I want to, you know, I'm, I'm going to do that. And I said, well, you got to be really careful because you want to take the least amount of things. If you're going to be doing that, because it's important so that you have enough room in the tank. If you want to grow later, because if a lot of you don't know, if you've been barred to your system, you may grow 50, 60 pounds in a short time. But then your body burns out. And then also it becomes very, very unhealthy. You have blood pressure problems. You have a lot of different other issues that end up happening. And now, with you being able to do things in a very low moderate way, I think that, you know, your skin, actually even looks healthier than when I met you. You can remember, I saw you and I go, I don't know what you're doing, but your skin looks horrible. I don't know what's going on. And you had already started that. Oh, man. This is really, really bad. Let's get it ahead of it. Because you know, you can have scarring. You can have a lot of things both on your face or body. And you know, who wants that? Nobody wants that. Especially when you're trying to be an influencer, and you have to turn around and wear a tank top, and you have to wear those. And now, as you grow and actually, your skin gets later. Yeah, a lot. Yeah. Yeah. So a lot of that was estrogen management. It was proper hygiene. In terms of like, not just taking a shower, but when you're taking a shower, or changing your sheets, we went over all of those things. So guys, if you're listening to this podcast and whether you're coaching somebody or whether you're actually you're going through it yourself, what it's really about was just making sure that you're taking care of the sebaceous glands, and also making sure that you're taking showers before bed, waking up in the morning and before bed, and then changing your sheets, just those things alone. And then obviously, Benzel peroxide works tremendously well to help dry out your skin when it's got the extra oil in there. And then eating clean, eating oily foods produces more oil. So if you're eating like crap, and you're literally just like shit and you're eating french fries and all those, it's going to come out of your pores, right? Yeah. So, so all of those things were things that we did. So if some take a ways for you at home, or if you're listening to this and you know, on the podcast, on Spotify, or any of the platforms, make sure you understand that if it's you or your athletes, what they take in. It's so it's not just, hey, estrogen management. I'm going to pound down my estrogen. It's also fat management, grease management, eating burgers, eating fries, eating pizza, all of that stuff. There's a reason why they call it pizza face because that you literally that pepperoni oil is going to come out of your pores. So those are things that, you know, educating someone so young who's just starting out and being able to do that. And this is one of the reasons why being able to share this information with you guys all through the truth podcast is something that's super important to me so that you guys all understand, you can have scarring for the rest of your life, especially if it becomes cystic. If you have naturally bad skin, then you've got to also, you know, worry about possibly having a new ticketing on an acutane. Then obviously it's not really good for your liver, but if it's really, really bad, I had it and it wasn't because it was drug and do so 13 years old that I really bad acne, bad bad cystic acne, you still have scars from it. From when I was 12, 13 years old, you know, just, you know, when I hit puberty, I had really bad my mom had bad skin. I had bad skin and I had to go on acutane a couple of times. So those things that you want to get ahead of, but I also didn't have somebody telling me, make sure you wash your sheets on your pillow cases like every couple of days, make sure you take a shower before bed. As 12, 13 years old, you know what I mean? Didn't know any better on that end. And I think that the biggest thing is just making sure between all of those things that we just talked about. The bends will proxide and makes a huge difference. The wash and then making sure that you're taking showers when you're getting up, but also before bed and then just changing those pillow cases in those sheets. Also making sure you change your towels too. That's another thing too because that's a breeding ground for bacteria. So you gotta be very, very careful to make sure the towels are changed because after you get out of shower, if you don't have a clean towel and you're drying your face, that's bacteria. You know, you're putting bacteria right back on your face again. So again, that's just a little word to the why for the wise there. In regards to you right now, okay, social media, how is it being a young L.A. athlete? Because a young L.A. is, you know, I mean we're both with young L.A. but and you went to the party. How was that man? How was the house of a young L.A. It was crazy. Did he give up any secrets? Is it like being at the Playboy Mansion? No, no, no, no, no, no, no secrets. But yeah, they're up. You see who went to the party? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was crazy. It was like minutes, but it was crazy. Yeah, I think I've very remember the artist, but I saw some of the stuff there. Now, I was in Europe. So I didn't get to the party. I was for those of you that don't know that, you know, we're falling on social media. You might have seen it that I was at the Rimmany event. Then from Rimmany, I was there with Phil Ronnie, Leighane, Nexilla, Behrus Tabani, shout out to Behrus. He's supposed to be competing here. So by the time you listen to this podcast, he may have made it, may have not competed. And there's a lot of crazy stuff going on in the middle east right now. So I am going to just quickly address that. So shout out to everybody in Iran and the Middle East, please praying for everyone to stay safe. But he's supposed to be competing this weekend to try to go back and repeat his win. But how was the party? Was it good? It was good. Okay. But I go early. Okay. Because I need to be late. No, because right now I want to go to the building. No. No, she don't. Did she get jealous? No. When depends. When she see the artist. Yeah. Oh, because she wanted to be there for their artists. Yes. I remember. Not because she's worried about you talking to girls. Just the artist. Yeah. You got a foam. Yeah. That was crazy. He's Tiger. Tiger. Tiger. Yeah. Yeah. Well, um, yeah. Again, Gürmer and, you know, aka Gary over there and his brother and the whole team does a great job with those parties. And they go next level with those cards. Yes. Yes. Yes. It's great. But um, yeah. So being on that, I guess, do you feel that it's a lot of pressure every month having to try to like come up with ideas on social media? Because again, being a social media guy and waiting to compete. Because if you guys don't know, and I talked about this before, but actual we're waiting for another year or so to be able to fill in this frame before he gets on stage. You know, yes, he's put on 50 pounds, which is great. But it needs to season when he needs to fill in his chest as back, his arms a little bit more. And then eventually, if he does do classic, then, because legs, but your legs have improved a lot too. Yeah. But anymore. Yeah. Yeah. But I guess my thing is that how much pressure is it to constantly have to do it, you know, you're 21 years old. You make good money. And you know, between all the sponsors, right? Yeah. And so all the things, but is it like a lot of pressure? For me, no, because I think that like in social media, it's me, like really it's me. I do like funny videos and because that's your personality. Yeah. But if you try to do all your type of content and it's not like really you, that is the hard thing. But for me, it's okay. It's not pressure. It's more pressure to get like to my goals before the time that you told me or you're going to tell me some stuff. It's like the pressure that I wanted before the time you told me. But after that, it's all good. Yeah. Because I love to do this. Like the videos is my my ideas sometimes. And I told you, let's do this and these funny for me and they posted. Yeah. You don't even care. No, sometimes it's really good. And sometimes it's a yeah. It just depends on like, it's bad. But I don't care. Like we say bad. It doesn't have a lot of likes or doesn't have a lot of engaging. And those funny for all the people and for me, yes, and they posted. Yeah, you don't care. And then you're over it. You know, that's what's cool because you don't care a lot a lot of people when you guys do social media. 100%. I'm like this. Okay. Not, you know, I you overthink it. You think it overthink it. And I'm very guilty of this. Where when we want to do a campaign or if I want to do something like even just do a basic post, all sit there and be like, okay, is it right angle, how many pictures in the car or so, what do I want to? Sometimes I overthink it. And then you just do it. Whatever comes in mind, we just did a workout, right? Yes, we did a lot of social media. And then we were doing flies and cable flies. And then we turned around, you push up, and we were doing something and just kind of... It's funny. Yeah, it's funny. Yeah. And they posted it. And that was it. Yeah. And that's it. So he doesn't really, that I can definitely, he doesn't overanalyze. And I think we a lot of us overanalyze our social media, right? And sometimes you just got to put it out there and if it's good, good. Because you know what? At the end, you could always delete it. If you didn't like it, you could always delete it too. Right? And also, if you get 10 views or 100 views, that 10 views for the people is great to see that. I was like you, like in a few months, I think about everything, like, oh, this picture, the lining, oh, the views of this real, maybe I don't grow too much these days. And it would like hard for me. Yeah, because you're overanalyzing. Yeah. And I get the shadow band. Oh, you got shadow band? Yeah. Yeah. What did you get shadow band for? I funny, but you. And the posing. What did you were unique it? No, no, no, I wasn't. What did you, what was the posing? Real-enabosing. Yeah, yeah. And yeah, shadow band. Yeah. For how long? Three months. Three months. Three months. Wow. But it helped me right now, because I get, like, more, I appreciate the good things now. Like, no, I love the views. And like, I told you, I am more mean because of that also. That's cool. So you just worry about whatever you like. Yeah, because before that, all day I was seeing like my stories, the views. Yeah. And if they're real-go-go. So do you think this shadow band helps you? Because you didn't think about that, right? So make sure you reset the way you looked at it. Yeah. That's cool. It's kind of funny, taking a negative, like, getting shadow band instead of being like angry. Like, there's some girl that got her take, her take account taken down. Yeah. And then she was banging in the door. I saw of the take, took her quarters. Let me in and I did my account back. Yeah. Yeah. I was angry, but when I finished this shadow band, I see that. That was good for me. Because if I be there, go bad. My day was bad. It was like, yeah. I was angry. Why does this? Right. Because you tried to change perfection. Yeah. Right now, I prefer it to be like this. I enjoyed more training with you and go to LA to go to everywhere. Peru. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You just got back from Peru. Shout out to Peru. Yeah. He was just out there for Evegin Peru. And I can't wait to go next year to Peru. Because I want to go down the meet a lot of people down in South America. You know, Colombia, Peru. I mean, Chile, Argentina, all those places. I love Peru. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of thin. Yeah. It was it? Yeah. Ten and ten. Yeah. That's good. Beyond your expectation, then. Yeah. He's one of my favorite trips. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I can't wait to go. I think next time you go, I'm going to go with you. Let's go. Yeah. We'll go together together, so we'll plan that out. But because the passion in South America, I mean, bodybuilding is growing a lot in Latin America. Yeah. A lot. Yeah. Something new compared to you as but he's growing every year a lot a lot. Yeah. And shows, yeah. And then Mexico City, that too, right? Felix and his show. Yeah. That grew a lot. A lot. Maybe like five times or what? That's amazing. That's awesome. Yeah. And I got a sinus infection. I was going to go to that show and I got a sinus infection before I was able to get on the plane. And also on anybody else, I didn't help. I was able to get better in time. And just from grinding, grinding, grinding, grinding, I was traveling and then I ended up getting sick. But I was going to make it this year last year. We had a great time when we were there. And then this year, oxal, I remember you calling me. We were talking when you were, I said, how are you? How's everything going? And you're like, do it awesome. Yeah. So that's good. I can just shout out to Felix and the guys over the fit weekend. That's, he killed it. You know, a lot of people over there. Yeah. Yeah. Our, our division team marriage growing really is growing as well. So now again, now going back to the training part. Like, do you feel like you have to motivate yourself every time you go to the gym? Some days. Yeah. But I remember what my goal is. And I need to do it. And that's it. That's that's hard because for those of you that can really relate to this, what it really boils down to is that when you don't have a show and you don't know when your show is, it's very, very difficult to be motivated. Right. So you select frustration because you don't know when he's going to compete. Yeah. But every day count. Right. You need to do it. Yeah. And I think what we do to help that is check ins. So when you have a check in, even the, it's the pressure of the check in is what helps you because you don't have the pressure of the show, because you don't have a show day yet. So that is something that I do to make sure that, you know, the regular check-ins still. And I remember guys, I haven't stopped coaching. I just stopped coaching that top elite level because I wanted to be able to give back to the e-vision athletes, to the athletes on my podcast, to the athletes that listen to me on Instagram or, you know, on TikTok, all of these things to be able to give more information. And you guys see me work with a lot more athletes now in my own gym or when I'm abroad, because now I don't have the pressure of just being able to have to like be able to come up with that, like a limpio winning result. I can take the information and be able to really scatter across a lot of platforms and being able to show not only what I've learned, but things that I feel like are going to be fruitful. So instead of, you know, mentoring and coaching, a couple of people, a handful of people, you know, between all the platforms, five, six million now for me, between all the platforms. You know, it just hit three million on Instagram. So we're going to do another giveaway, time for another giveaway, three million on Instagram. And because you know, just before that, there was a million on YouTube. And so, and I think I hit 1.6 million on TikTok, which is cool, but when you add to all those up, I want to be able to give more content, more information, also coming up with more products for e-vision, come up with new flavors, more new things, just innovative, cool stuff. And being able to talk more about how I can be able to help the coaches or those that are just wanting to be coached, just by listening to the podcast. So I'm doing my best on being able to do that and being able to do trips now, where before, again, being so stressed out, feeling like I couldn't do the trips. Again, the one in Italy was awesome. So shout out to all of the Italianos out there that came out to visit us at the Panata booth. And you know, the team with Panata, now we're doing things with KSM 66 and continuing to building more products. And you get to test all the new stuff before it comes out. Yeah, so we got a new couple of new KSM products that are coming very, very excited about that, because you haven't tried the new Selchem, the new Selchem KSM. Yeah, so you're getting that, you're taking that back with you. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, true. Oh, yeah, I try and sense right? Yeah, how was it? Give me one. One scoop. He was crazy. He was supposed to give you the whole bottle. Friends is going to have a bottle and give you a scoop. Yeah. Friends, this go, man. And I ordered one, Mexico, but they don't have the new one. They don't have a new one yet. So we'll give you the other one on the way today. So you can take the whole bottle with you. They only have a friend with that. That's why friends are so jacked. Yeah, Francis, go. I'll tell you, I'll tell you, that's like, he's like six, but six. I don't know what he's like. He's like, yeah, he's all. He's all come to the Venezuelan rock. And so he was out there. He's part of our origin team in his hilarious, because I think that he wanted you to have one scoop. And then he took the rest. Yeah, and that's it. That's a key fight over it. He gave me two scoops. He do scoops. It's good. That was it. Yeah, the rest of them for him. Yeah. That's that's great. But yeah, so going into it now, you, that, you know, you motivate yourself, you're shooting young LA, you're doing stuff with E-vision, you're traveling around the world now, you know, building up social and that's the other thing that I like to do. Like, just like, you know, going back on into the whole Jeremy thing, you know, going around the world is something I love to do with our athletes and being able to make them a part of a lot of the different regions that we are so big in internationally and being able to get a world audience going in. You know, I know we're very, I was very proud of that situation with him where we were able to do that, getting, you know, he had millions and millions of followers from going to Philippines and going to India and going to the Middle East and we're going to work away all over the world, yeah, to give that world light audience. And that's where I'm very proud of being able to do with the E-vision team and our resources and our network to be able to create, you know, world wide athletes, that's not just an athlete that's just US based. And being able to put them on our platform. So I'm excited that you like it so much and you want to do more. Yeah, I wanted to do more. Yeah. I was like thinking about it to go to Peru and they said, yeah, let's go and the best decision. Yeah. I love it. That's awesome, brother. I can't wait to go down there with you. And then also, I know I'm going to go to Colombia and then like I said, Chile, Argentina, Brazil. Yeah, yep, yep, go all over. Not just South America, but also you've never been to Middle East yet. No. Yeah. So we've got to do that. Yeah. You need to do a little bit of world. Yeah. Well, they're going to go the world. Oh, he's awesome. Sign me up. Let's go everywhere. Let's go. That's awesome. Yeah. So we have some questions too. I did a Q&A. You did on your thing. So again, on your channel, you had Q&A. We said that you're going to basically doing this podcast with me. What are some of the questions that you had on your Q&A? Because I want to be able to answer your fans. My fans. Yes. Okay. First, I tell you like five and you respond whatever you want. Okay. First, why you are training me. Why you start training me? Well, I think I talked about it, right? I said that because of the fact that you were putting in so much hard work, just like somebody else that was a professional athlete, even though you're a beginner and you were literally just starting out your journey. I felt like, you know, almost like the David Butler situation. I like going back to my roots and starting over again because so many people have just seen me recently with only the top people for so long. They don't realize how many people I had from the very beginning that I brought all the way to the top. So they weren't, you know, they only saw recently because as I started working, you know, with a lot of the, the guys since like C-bomb, Derek, Hottie in the last six, seven years, they didn't realize when I was back when I was the pro creator. I would take people from the local, then go into regional, then go into getting them the pro card, then getting them on the Olympia stage. Yeah, that's true because a lot of people told that, oh, no, honey has only the top. Right. They don't realize. Yeah. That's it. I only have the top now because I don't have the time to work with the guys all the way through because of Eveogen. And so I have between Eveogen and my FST7 app. I've got so many different things that I'm not going to do. And also because you have another top, but right now, jargon, the top, you work hard for that. Yeah. And that's why we're doing that. And that's why I like even at the Olympia, it was like trying to always win the Olympia. So instead of having like, in the past where sometimes you don't have four people, five people, six people, you know, at the Olympia. And now it's like, okay, I've got one person. They've got a win or we've got two people. They've got a win in two classes, two wins, you know, you know. So at the end, now it's more about trying to focus on going back. Like I said, when I saw when I moved to Dallas and I started working with David Butler, he never done a show any of the teenager. And then so I want to be like, let's see what I can do again. I haven't worked with a natural guy. You got big, got shredded, stridey glutes, all natural. So I'll take the drug test, everything else. And quite frankly, very proud of that because again, just taking somebody and being able to go back and do that again, because it's been a while. Since I was able to do this funny. I think so. Yeah, more funny because he's from zero to. To everybody. We say funny. You mean more fun. Yes, more fun to watch. Yeah, it's more entertaining because then I think more people relate to it too. So seeing those taught people at the top is great. But when you see somebody starting out, never done a show before, turn around natural gets stridey glutes again. That was that was a great opportunity. David's a great kid. And again, he was I think 18, 19 years old when I met him, 18 years old when you met him. And then he did the show was 19. So yeah, yeah. And then he did the show won the show. And then he still got to get back on stage. So David, if you're listening to this, get your lazy. He's working hard. He's got a full company. He's got his full company, which is shout out to him and his full company. But good good kid. And but he's working, you know, working hard really big. Yeah, he's getting. He's growing now because now I think he's 21 now. 21. Yes. Yeah, he's 21. Yeah, 21. He might be 22 right now. How old is it? Is it? 22 now just 22. He's getting old bro. That's it. But yeah, so that's that's why I pick as of how hard you worked. That's why. Okay. Yeah, we'll see the next question. The question that all the people want including me. When what year I will compete? What year were you compete? Okay. So right now is to 12 it's the middle of 2025. And so I would say probably by the time that you put on enough size on your six foot frame to compete, you probably be either at the end of next year or the beginning of the following year. That's where I see you being able to do that because right now you're growing like I saw you yesterday and on a side of my, wow, this is going really well. Yeah. So I think by that time your body's going to plateau to the point where you're like, okay, now let's try to dial in conditioning and get you into a contest prep. But between even now and then doing a mini cut to try to make sure that everything is in shape because the thing that I like about where you're at right now is your abs are showing and you're in a really nice clean bulk where your abs, the outline your abs are showing and you're like, oh, I'm fat. I'm like, no, you're not shredded, right? Right, but you don't want to be to put on the size. People don't realize if you get a little too fat while you're doing a bulk, you're getting more likely to just get fatter, right? But if you're too lean, you will definitely not be strong enough and not have enough weight on you to get stronger to be able to put on more size. So it's a balancing act right now you're in a really good spot because you're getting really strong. And that's what I want to continue. But again, ask me again in six months six months six months six months. We'll talk. We'll talk. We'll go in there. I give you a month update. Okay. At the beginning of the next year, we talk. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Also. Let me check which you think is my like my best muscle on my worst muscle. I know they worst calves. Yeah. That's a bad fact. Actually, they're trying to grow more. So that's good. But now they are. And I don't know. I think your worst muscle will be size your calves were was your back. And now I think your back is actually growing. I think your back is growing. I mean, you know, you always had a decent chest, but now your chest is really growing as well. But you're definitely getting rounder and your width looks really good. And I think you're back. Sometimes when you develop your back, especially very quickly, it'll be developed only in certain areas. But your back is now growing very very well between your lat width and your back fullness. And that's what I like to see because if you overdevelop your thickness and then it can make you look narrow because if you don't have enough width. But between all of your pull ups pull down exercises, you know, being able to really get that V taper, but also making sure that you're still getting heavier rows. You have both working together. So it's more balanced. Yeah. Because like I said, if you get thick, but you don't get the width, it makes you look even more narrow. So now that's why you're looking wider because you have both growing in a proportion of amount. So I really like that. I think so you know, really like how your back is growing. Yeah, I don't have back right now. I have a decent back. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. That's it. Yeah. You know, we did that back workout. So you guys go check it out. So some of the workouts are going to be on the YouTube channel and just a quick reminder. If you are a member of the FST7 app, then you can go ahead. I have an exclusive workout with Axel that's going to be just for the FST7 members. If you were not a member, you can go ahead and sign up at honeyrambod.com and use honey, YT for your first month only a dollar to check out the FST7 app. All the different workouts that are available just for you, the numbers. So check it out. Honeyrambod.com download the app and then that workout that we're talking about is going to be on there. It's going to be an exclusive workout that's not going to be on YouTube, but it's only for FST7 app members. So check it out. So again, next question. This is more like for me, but I want to say it. How do you say it? How do you say it? How do you say it? How do you say it? How do I look? Wait, give me one second. Expectation. How do I manage the expectation that you are my coach with the people? That's your question to you. It's only your standard. I think so. Are people as that for you asking you? How do you manage the expectation of me being your coach? What's the answer to that question? I have more pressure and that's the reason that I do like 100% of the stuff because I know like they check in. They check in is with honeyrambod. With you. The best coach. I need if your training me is for a reason and I think I need to be like in the same page. I need to do my 100% because you are trusting me and your device. I appreciate that. I need to do my best because of that because you are the best. You need to have the best ones. I think the expectation is high. That helps me a bit. That helps me because what it does is people can't put out. You can turn around and feel that pressure of wanting to maintain excellence. It happens here at the evening as well. When you see the passion that I have for this and that passion is equal, then it's a partnership. I know that when I see the check-ins, you are not eating. You are getting massage. You are making sure that everything we talked about. I see the results. Yep. My thing is making sure that you have that ability to follow through and execute on the plan. Anybody who is a trainer who is listening to this, that is what you are really going down to. If you can get somebody clients to do that, that is how you are going to be a good trainer. How you give them the information, how they take that information and analyze it and execute on it. When I am working with Axel, I am turning around and creating a mentorship program where with him saying, look, I am putting my time and effort into it because he values it. If you have a client out there that doesn't value your information, think and listen to you. That is why you never give out your stuff for free either by the way. If you do what they are going to do is they are going to turn around and say it is no big deal. Whether you are not because there is no skin off of their back. There is nothing there is no money falling out of that wallet. So at the end of the day, value the information because if you don't, they won't. And then what ends up happening is they are not going to end up getting into their goal because there is no accountability. But again, what I like about Axel is he appreciates the effort that I give him. And then he reciprocates that by making sure that he executes on it. That is what makes a good team. You have a lot of work and he sometimes called me and I appreciate that because I know that you don't have time. But you give me some time. Yeah, I make the time. Yeah, you make the time to call me to do the checkings. And in my part, I need to be ready for that. I need to do my 100% trick to be on the same. Yeah, well, I think that's why I am working. Yeah. Awesome. So one more. One more. Hmm. They are almost the same. Yeah, they are almost the same. Yeah, they are almost similar. Yeah, okay. Maybe, which is the best exercise for every muscle like your favorite of back chest. And shoulders. Well, you know, my chest one has always been an inclined dumbbell press. Okay. You know, the back is very difficult because again, I think pull ups because, yeah, for pull ups because I think that's the one where you don't even need a gym. Like when I started bodybuilding at home when I was a kid, you know, I called it bodybuilding. But it was building my body. It was because I had one of those fixed bar pick up in the door where you turn it and then you leave it there and then you just try to just do pull ups and then all of a sudden my arm started getting pumped. My back was pumped, you know, and then that and I did push ups and then all of a sudden my body started changing and I was like, I like this, right? So it was, it was one of those things. So I think a pull up really, really helps quite a bit. And then obviously when you get into rows for back thickness, legs always squat. Whether it's a Smith machine squat, you can turn around and do a belt squat if you have a back or you know free weight squat squat squat squat squat squat. You have scissors. You know, and then everything else is basic. Every bicep curl, you know, depending on how you feel with the biomechanics and you try tough extension. Again, I really like the one behind the head where you stretch and then you bring out. That was fantastic. Um, but really what it boils down to is that mine muscle connection. and making sure you're also doing it right. And that's true. So because so many people will snap the weight, drop the eccentric, and then that's like, that's like drinking milk and then spitting half of it out. Like you need to be able to, you want what's in there, you need to drink it and make sure you get it to be able to absorb your rep that eccentric on the way down is just as important on the way up. Yeah, I love the truth. You go to the gym and see like in squat, five plates. Right, no. And then you're doing with me, you can barely do two. Yeah, all the one. Yeah, all the one. That's the wrong. Yeah. He's over there. Yeah. Yeah. So you know, guys, you know, this axle's been an athlete for a year and a half. I didn't bring one of the podcasts. And I think that this time I really wanted to bring them on to introduce them to the audience because, again, he's putting together a really amazing journey. And as he's grown. And even though he was an, even though, you know, I'm coaching him. And I'm putting the time and effort into him. I felt like he still had to earn being able to be on here. Yeah. And after a year and a half, I'm like, hey, man, let's get you on the podcast. He's a really, really. And I think that's a good dream. Yeah. And because I want you guys to be able to follow him and he can kind of see what he's doing out there. Because there might be some relatable items, especially if you're starting out in your competing journey. And just know, especially if you're a tall guy, right? And it's going to take a little while. You can't rush it as much as somebody who's five, six. So when you turn around and you're dealing with something, and you are like, whether you're coaching somebody at six foot or you are six foot, and you're younger, it takes longer to season that physique. So if you want to be a part of that journey and then all of that, and you need to share, this is going to give you some advice too. Okay. You need to share a little bit more about what you're doing, right? Because again, the eating a little bit more because you're doing it. But it would be good because you're sometimes doing a lot of entertainment on your social media. But I think you should be sharing more, sharing more, and discussing what you're doing. Like with the food, even we do, you know, I was going to say. Supplements, yeah, eating your taco Tuesdays, man. It's not really Tuesdays. He eats up, cheap meals. And again, nothing too crazy. Not too crazy, oily, cheap meals. We're talking about our typical to eat meals would be like steak burgers and pasta. And then also, like if he can get Middle Eastern food, he can do that, barbecue, and then tacos. But again, like healthier tacos, or even though he does like taco bell. He told me that. You know what? That's good. This is the taco bell game. But I think that the biggest thing is just making sure that you can be able to show that. Because again, he has a fast metabolism. So we got to ramp that up in a little bit of that junk food helps. And when I say junk food, I'm talking about like, you know, like higher caloric intake food, not junk food, meaning going all through McDonald's drive. And again, do you have Taco Bell in Mexico? No, we didn't have that. OK, so maybe I love because of that, because we don't have it over there. You just said all it is is something new. Yeah, but it's not, but the quality is garbage. Don't eat that shit. The car, the quality is garbage. You guys, when you go and you get your tacos, is your mom make your food? And, uh, no, no, no. Do you guys about? Yeah. You go out. You go out. So in the quality of the food's pretty good. Yeah, it's pretty good. Yeah. And not like taco. Yeah. Exactly. Please meet me at the order there. Yeah, we don't, not mystery me. Oh, yeah. Yeah. But yeah, so again, sure journey, if you get a chance, I'm going to put his link to his Instagram page of some of the social media networks on the links below. So and definitely let me know what you guys would love to be able to see me train him on the next training series, because I'm going to be having him come out again to do some more things. And maybe some more Q&As. But definitely get to know Axel. I think you're going to be able to, especially if you're a young bodybuilder, a young lifter, or you're coaching young lifters, because again, being so tall, so big, having such a big frame, and learning how to be patient. So guys, that's a part of the patient. That's it. For me, yeah. When I go into compete, I know. Yes. I need to be more patient. Yeah, but it's growing. You're doing a good job growing. All right, guys. That's a wrap. Honey Rambug. Axel Martinez. And that's the truth.