Welcome to the Truth Podcast. I'm here with none other than the Jared Feather, my training partner, extraordinary yesterday. Yes. I was coaching your memory. Yes, that's right. That's right. And social media. Do you two a sound play? If you have a few of them. I just did a post on Instagram and of him and I training and motivation Monday post, right? And for this, you did, I didn't miss it. One of the first comments was something along the lines of, yeah, I don't have shit to teach you. Yeah, something that teaches me. Right. I don't want to rip into the guy because clearly he was a fan of both of us. Yeah, he literally started with that. But I was like, guy, we're training together, man. He's asking me to like, yeah, he put me through. Yeah, I literally had to tell you that too. I think I ripped into you. So it's like he said, man, it helped me out here. I'll give you a brawl. You know, help me out. Give me some, give me a, give me a, give me a, give me a, give me a, give me a couple of, they're these next couple of forced reps. Yeah, and not even to that, like, honey, Zego's and so big that he thinks that he can learn nothing from me. Absolutely. That's why we're doing a podcast. Well, we're doing a podcast, but we're also like, even in the gym, right? I'm going back and there's a lot of things that I forgot to apply to myself and so I'm trying to solve and console. It is. And I'm also constantly picking up cues for myself. Because me on the outside in working out, it's a different feeling, right? different feeling because I'm going in and I'm working with the top athletes but I don't train my younger athletes like Olympia athletes because they're recovery and their ability to be able to process that kind of weight is very very different and then it's also the other way around too. A younger athlete sometimes have to be able to get basic biomechanics where if you have somebody who's got really good biomechanics then it's just being able to really kind of target a certain position in a certain amount of load in a certain in a certain extra size where a young athlete is just trying to get the basics of the time I always attribute this back to the golf swing right you want to learn good habits of proper range of motion right for full range of motion but also being able to increase intensity with modifiers that you can be able to increase intensity with but learning those things early on Jared right is what's key because if you learn bad habits just like a bad golf swing it's really hard to remap and retrain. Like you say when you stay out for a long time you forget cues you give your athletes and even ones that you held to yourself for so long and you're like, when I was trading hotly last year for the Olympia had this issue with his row that had I just remembered that cue that Jared just said I totally forgot that I used to do that but that was a cue I used to say all the time and I forgot it because I started using this other cue for someone else right and now I don't use anymore and I'm not remembered and now you so it's like training partners are amazing for that yeah reason yeah there's more say something to me when I'm doing a movement and I'm like oh shit I didn't realize my shoulder roll forward on that curl or whatever it may be right yeah you know it's also like when you go into the gym right it doesn't matter if you're listening to this podcast it doesn't matter how advanced you are if you go into a gym or you go on a YouTube page and you see an exercise that you have not done for 10 or 15 years right I mean I know I'll give you one right now one that I'm really aching to do again and I haven't done it for with my clients for I don't know it's been a little bit of time or my self for a long period of time are using cables for rear right using cables for rear adults right so if you're doing you know rear cable extensions you know you can do a row or you can turn around and just let's just save the cable crossover right or you know do in the narrow cable crossover or put on a machine where I'm just grabbing the rope with no de-handles nothing and you're just doing those doing that type of thing versus constantly going over and doing bend over a ladder raises or doing a reverse fly is one thing but you know just hitting some different angles or doing bend over and you're doing them at the same time in the crossover machine doing bend over ladder raises but you're doing both hands at the same time and again getting a really good contraction through hand you tend to kind of forget things sometimes and you see somebody utilizing something at the gym or wherever and you go oh shit I've been doing that in a long time because you kind of get in the same kind of groove and so being able to go forward to as a coach programming certain aspects of somebody's program I'll put some movements in and I'm like why did I put that pull day two days prior to their leg day and I was like oh yeah because there's some overlap and soreness of the spinal director so I did a vertical pull this day because of this and sometimes you just forget that stuff and you program it so repetitively you're like you look back at programs like why did I do that again you got to constantly check yourself over and over and make sure that you're on top of your shit it's same with techniques same with what you're saying so you know I think back to the comment I really set ways nice into the podcast and what we're going to talk about today because we kind of have a structure and I'll flow this um if you want to give a brief what we're going to chat about and then I think what you have about whatever you want I'm just gonna I've got free range of kind of go off today guys yeah and I don't get insanely we got to do your it's going to go over the Q&A because we did it right up yes yes we can do that at some point when everyone do it but I have those questions that came over on Instagram because I'll probably answer a lot of them in my rant especially if Aaron was going to Aaron we're going to we're going to have to charge Aaron a consulting fee right so you know Aaron just asking questions actually because he wants to know Aaron knows what is is our athlete right and um he's my training partner and he's already one of our urgent athletes and it's funny because when we put the Q&A up and I go okay sometimes somebody will ask one question two questions maybe three he's asked 14 14 questions and there all the signals will get to your auntie yeah he knows it was awesome so we'll definitely have to pull at least one or two from from his uh yeah and I think uh that's perfect and uh if you know mine like yeah just back to the comment I think it's a great kind of segue into what I think the entire kind of format of this podcast is going to be anyway and that's um this is a social media platform yep Instagram TikTok you name it yep and there's just a plethora of insanely misguided misinformation out there and I think that comes from the fact that platforms like TikTok have changed the name of the game when it comes to popularity when it comes to growing up in a day and age where you have access to information but you have low attention span because you're still child and if you're not polarizing you don't have these dichotomies you don't place people on camps and even if they're not in camps themselves you don't make what is catchy you don't make what is going to you bring you views and because your only concern is blowing up on social media because you're 17-18-19-year-old kid um you lean into that shit hard and you get these catchy things and think I'm gonna give a list of a few and I'm gonna honestly probably just explain why they're wrong because people need to hear the actual science and this is the truth podcast yep yeah just can see this is built up bro I can tell you have no idea what you're yeah you said you got some stuff to talk about so I'm a guy who you know to my own home or whatever have mastered degrees I have the access as information I'm on papers with Brad Showan Feld who's a lead high-pipartary expert in this industry I review his data and literature I do RP with Dr. Mike Isrtle I like we know we're talking about but that's not my job I'm not here to say I'm the fucking man right I'm here to teach people so I dump shit down I make it layman says thing dumb because people aren't dumb they just don't understand it the level that I do right I make it so layman that people understand and that's why it's catching on and that's why we have 4 million subs but then you have TikTok kid who's saying terminology so incorrectly that I spend 10 years of school on better and they're misusing the terminology to fear longer people into doing something that doesn't make sense okay so I can list a couple I'll talk about first I'll talk about a demon action you've probably seen that and then I'll talk about let's say EMG so I'll talk about you do a demon first this is just for an example so that people understand okay people on TikTok and once these kids who see high volume especially in bodybuilders who are taking antibiotics they say well all those studies of high volume or just a demon acting version foremost a demon is a medical term where fluid builds up in the interstitials base okay it's not a demon they're talking about cellular swelling which as a scientist we don't use the word a demon for that okay we use muscle soreness and muscle damage leading to an inflammation response that's not a demon a demon is in the interstitial space right so you read that and because it's catchy and some kid goes within two seconds of a rants on TikTok those studies are just a demon acting the wrong here's the mechanistic data and mechanistic data can only create hypotheses which I'll also talk about you start seeing people really lean away from doing any sort of meaningful volume especially as like an intermediate to advanced lifter you gotta do more and what they mean to say and this is only a valid critique on studies that are like one or two weeks long which in research we have a very very intensive process to make sure we rule out like you don't think we thought about muscle soreness and damage and making sure we can read data properly and get the actual circle like they think it's circle plasma hypertrophy which is building up damage and stuff aside the tissue yeah like we have to make sure that we're seeing my favorite hypertrophy in these studies and we have a very intensive process to go about that most of these studies are age 12 weeks and they're what are called longitudinal studies so you're seeing a lot of people come at scientists with mechanistic data like mechanical tension is mechanistic it's done in vitro or in an in a lab somewhere and it's done in a rodent model and they try to apply mechanistic data specifically to what we do and all the longitudinal data suggests that most of the things they're saying about mechanistic data is incorrect that's a mechanistic data leads to hypotheses and then we can apply that to longitudinal studies of eight to 12 weeks longer sure can I'm honest yeah please I don't want to cut you off but I look I think a lot of listeners are basically getting I want to kind of create a little of the layman's terms of what you're talking about please what from again you are so ramped up before we started on this project and you want to go deep into this yeah but I do think that that's exactly because I want to be able to create the platform to be able to share with the audience no matter if you're a coach because again we have a lot of coaches at listen but we also have just you know regular PT's you know all the way down to just the I've a gym and just right but I do think that a lot of people are taking the information that you're mentioning and they're kind of loading it up and not realizing kind of the damage they're doing to the audience and what they're doing is they're trying to create their narrative whatever that may be with a little bit of information because people have to use paraphrasing and that paraphrasing is a TikTok post has been done and just a couple minutes max and then they're trying to share this information right so all the science guys are saying that you know they're like okay this is this is science and there's no other way and they're you know there's that's another rant yeah that's that's something we can talk about but I do think that I just want to create a little bit of simplicity for the listeners is that you can be able to explain kind of you know because again I know your brain's going in million miles an hour because you have so many things you want to discuss but is it is this specific subject more about the it lack of just formatting of the information that they're sharing I wish okay I wish it is unfortunately about parody and these kids don't actually understand the mechanisms which is why so like I'm going to dive in okay I'm going to dive in and inform them because they need to hear it those kids need to hear what they're saying wrong the coaches need to understand counter arguments to their positions because a kid's going to come on there and he's going to regard in kids are so good at regurgitate the information right they're so good they're parody worth 30 and 40 yeah we don't have that we our brains don't work that way anymore right right for me but yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but uh but you're right it's a parody right so exactly but good as a man I mean I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm a man I was 12 and like 10 minutes you know I had to yeah and and that parody is dangerous right and I think what do you think is the number one problem with parody when it comes to that exact point of the TikTok rant that someone's giving out well what do you think don't encourage peek about stupid it leads to being so insanely objective or so sorry so insanely absolute in your statements that other people who like that type of content rage-bading bullshit latch onto it and they do the same thing and that catch is on like wild fun and everybody's trying to grow the social media right so you got to want you kids rage-bading and parodying the same shit but they're confident that's the cause they actually think that's the truth but it's not that's the truth that's right and that's why I say like you know so back to the rage-bading thing honestly you know cause what's a demon action is a rage-bading thing right but they believe it so I'm trying to explain like researchers go about longitudinal studies which just mean long form studies on human beings which is how we actually get the high-purchasing research that this the research says this because of this so when you said science based they're not they're not at all well no they they categorize themselves they do right and the issue is that evidence based practitioner is something you've done for your whole fucking career right and it should it should it should make you somewhat upset but we have to provide information in a non-obset manner and that doesn't that doesn't get the views right so you see all this other shit so you're in your evidence space cause you're anecdotal yep you have looked the science you have degrees and you can say well the science is saying this anecdotally I'm experiencing this well the literature not even the science because science is all of it right the the literature is saying this my anecdotes say this where's that happy medium I'm gonna apply this in the gym and see how it works and then boom 20 how do you know the Olympia's you have 25 25 Olympia's okay so honey is an evidence-based practitioner literally you are what is science based the kids saying science based are basing that on the fact that they think all longitudinal data all studies on humans that are showing diverge if he are based on a demon and that's why I brought that one up specifically and mechanistic data is the only thing that tells us what's going on which is insanely inaccurate because a mechanism by the way I had not seen this so I'm I haven't seen it because again yeah so I haven't seen so yeah I'm trying to busy making results yeah so just a clarification they're saying that the adema is what leads to the to do the study reporting growth got you and it's a valedicateek for a one or two weeks study but as you know what happens when you do a movement from repeated bounce the repeated bout effect decreases damage yeah so by eight to twelve weeks not only have we had the repeat about effect we also take muscle biopsies which show my offibral hypertrophy so most these studies have two methods at which they are or a lot of studies do right two methods at which they are measuring the result okay MRI scan or ultrasound so these are tools that we actually use because I don't even think they know this shit I really don't it's crazy to me and muscle biopsies you you stick a needle and wholesome shit out and you've seen that you biology degrees yeah and you can't that that's not adema it's not what that is when I'm measuring that right and even those studies show a higher volume being better for muscle growth but because there's a mechanism that they see like let's say mechanical tension which they also fluff up and I could totally get into that on podcast to them share it's in the questions because they see that they're like well it's just adema and the only thing that matters is mechanical tension and then they only not that they misconstrued what mechanical tension is by replacing it with the word weight on the bar because that's all they know which is not mechanical tension there's passive and active forces going on there and the rule out longitudinal data completely and only use mechanisms and that's not how it works mechanisms lead hypotheses that lead to longitudinal studies we can then perform on people and use the appropriate tools and go through the appropriate peer reviewed process this is reviewed by our peers people who have more education than me and if they see one thing wrong with the study they're like what about that that's that's not how you do that and that's reviewed by many people and you have 17 year old kids saying that these studies are completely wrong because they learn that muscle damage exists and sarcoplasma hypertrophy might exist we measure my fibroly hypertrophy with muscle biopsy and MRI scans and all this other stuff right you can't say that this whole thing is wrong because you know how you know how a potential mechanism works done in a rat model that's close my mind so you got to know that's I mean I really get caught up I'm just fascinated because people that are trying to be science based take one little yeah well issue yeah there what's happening is they're they're allowing the audience to be able I mean it's not even that it's really just misinformation at that point because what you're doing is you're just trying to justify your cause and effect by finding one thing and saying okay this is all wrong right and this is one of the reasons why it's very fascinating to me what kind of error we're in in the body building you know bodybuilding great yeah well bodybuilding swing great I'm saying is that the bodybuilders are more science based than those guys now well that's but I think but the pendulum always swings far the other way because in the very beginning stages of this during social media it was you know just basing it basically looking at like the mic mentor right and going okay it's absolute you know like there is no absolute right that's the one thing about it is there are no absolute when you go there's more than one way to skin a cat and you have to turn around and figure out what works for best for you like what we talked about how is your friend can you're frame handle doing a power lifting power building bodybuilding base or you know like a branch Warren and a Ronnie Coleman and Johnny Jackson or are you gonna have to be more of a Phil Heath who again didn't have the joints for tiny little wrists you know super round muscle belly you know what I found about that because you use the analogy is gonna cat do you know what the cat is the cat it's enjoyment that's the cat because there's better ways to skin the cat but you're not gonna skin the cat if you can't be consistent that's true and if people could just figure out the volume to relative effort which we call RAR reps and reserve to loading on the bar if they could just figure out that relationship and find what they enjoy your gun-a-make progress man yeah like Ronnie Coleman enjoyed pulling triples and then he would go to a whole in-back workout and it was probably the volume that actually made the muscle yeah what do you like the triples and did that reduce the amount of volume he could do fucking hell it did yeah but he loved it and it was for the love of the game and he's the biggest bodybuilder that's ever existed likely with the most condition the most muscle and most condition on stage ever likely and if you could just break it down as a coach yeah and and know what your client enjoys you then have the tools and your mind as a coach to program around it like my client loves heavy fucking weight yeah so I know that he loves heavy weight and he loves going to failure if I give him 10 sets her body part procession he's gonna die unless here's another variable I do all isolation movements now you can do more volume so as a coach you gotta know how to program around the fulfillment enjoyment of the client if you have high effort and your closer to failure and you have high loads less volume most likely and you gotta pick smarter variations or your clients blowing some shit off if you have high volume in a moderate effort like you're getting like two in the tank or something or sorry a high loads with a moderate effort you do leave some reps in the tank and stuff you're still gonna be able to do moderate volumes likely and maybe more a few more heavy compounds because you do leave reps in the tank you leave them there and that's probably a little better than just going all out of the time like we've talked about but it doesn't matter if the client doesn't like it so who cares yeah and then if you have a pretty decent relative effort to in the tank most most of the time and you have decent loads so what we talk about in research that five to thirty rep range all causes high-purture be very similar well then you can reach into that seven to fifteen rep range and include some sets of thirty periodically and you can do what I would say is the best case scenario to grow muscle and that's moderate to higher volume with a decent relative effort with a decent amount of load that's able to stimulate hypertrophy and that's probably best case scenario if I was gonna be nitpicky and that's my own interpretation of the research my own right I'm not gonna tell you you're wrong if you can do that you're probably growing more muscle in the offseason I I'm pretty sure about that but that's me as a researcher that's me as a scientist and if my client hates that I had really two ups and the tank I got ten sets of arms today three days later I've tinted to arms I just want to list heavy shit man if I can't be a coach and that's the problem with most researchers is there's there's not there are there are socially awkward and all I have doing that shit just like doctors yeah so you know doctors that are really so amazing that's what they're having right but you've breached the gap right you're both you're fucking nerd like and you're not scared to say that yeah and you're damn good and you've noticed those trends in your clients like you you said I did this with Phil and Jay and I did this with hotty and I guarantee you the volumes looked very different and the cat was enjoyment yeah if it wasn't for enjoyment and the cat was the cat that possibly could have it and here and trade right so if you want to get them to adhere to the program they got to feel there you know bucket list right so hotty is a weight guy yeah he's the closest thing I've ever coached to Ronnie Coleman in terms of like somebody who wants to just crazy train heavy be able to do walking lunges with two or three plates to you know and and you told me in conversation what I like to get that down and him not do that yeah 100% would he like the program no no so it's like then when he comes he slows down then when he comes into the gym it slows down but if you say I still like just completely blows my mind that he still likes to go back to some of those lists that they got for injury resilience right yeah exactly exactly so again when you have someone like that you're trying to reprogram them and remapping a reprogram is very very difficult and you can't go from apple to android but you can try to do many things within the apple or android environment and that's the thing so if you turn around and you're not going to turn a diesel truck into you know and eighty eighty five or ninety three octane mapping so some right you see there you just got your head and you're like dude this is what gets him going right he needs to feel like he's lifting enough weight he needs to do enough volume but I remember like you know again speaking about hotty like two hours twice a day was the workout he had to do it he went to open after we cut it to one workout a day because just pure volume he just body was just so broken down and he thought he was going to failure so often had he not done that maybe would have been fine and he would have grown even more but he wouldn't have enjoyed it so maybe he wouldn't have grown even more yeah but he actually saw that and then what happened he started to grow because now he's spending less time in the gym in more time growing you know but I go you're sitting there just completely annihilating and you're not doing anything to be able to help yourself and taking the time off even right now still taking the time off is very hard for him yeah right so he wants to go six days a week seven days a week he wants to go and he's like no you got it back off but it's again it's an accosiation awesome negotiation yeah with a lot of clients it is man yeah some clients are like just tell me what they'll do and that's when I lean into my like well here's how I would do it right because I think it probably provides them those growth and even then maybe they're like this exercise sucks man and if I change a heavy compound to an isolation I have room to play other in other places and then the coach you got to know that kind of stuff right okay well we knock down three sets of squats that gets rid of so much fatigue because now you're just in four sets of legic symptoms well now we could probably do a set of leg presses in there too if you want to try that yeah and you just kind of understand those things as a coach yeah like you can't just be so absolute on social media it's just I hate it man yeah but I think the coaches are they just no so it's been just selling programs yeah most of them selling programs yeah it's crazy to me that's crazy get my program also you can strap yourself into a machine and wear a ball gag and fucking like whatever they do handle a little bit yeah I can talk about that too man that's that's another rant like let's talk about the de-handles we'll talk about the reason people using these things these supplements is because it's based on a bunch of a mechanism by the way an EMG surface EMG which most intelligent researchers tend to not use anymore okay surface EMG is a measure how how are are some of these studies you're talking about right now because it's interesting me just figure out that what is this like old there's been made analysis there's been made analyses as early as 2019 and what of made analyses is a forest plot with all the studies on this specific topic okay on one side is this outcome on the other side is this outcome that shows every study that leads to this one and then there's probably not so many on this side and you see okay so there's a trending of the study yeah so there's 20 studies that say and they're longitudinal and they're potentially within subject design which means if I do something on this leg and then something on this leg we're trying to see what the outcome difference is and you can see all that on the forest plot it's amazing as I made analyses are so cool right and it rules out any argument against basically the stronger case okay but there's early 2019 so so the D handles going to the D handles so there are people with private labs who use surface EMG to come to a conclusion on purpose I hope they're not malicious or like doing it to like misguide people but they're using sure same EMG which measures neural activity and there are so many arguments against surface EMG that the blows won't mind that people do this because there's noise from other muscles that can get in the way and surface EMG so I'll explain since do you know what it is? no I this is a patch you put on a muscle and then it's connected to a machine and it measures kind of what they think is firing muscle firing this is firing but from the nervous system got started from the muscle it's what's being innovated okay and when you have really deep penated muscles you you hardly can even get signal from them but you can get signal from surrounding muscle it's here okay but they're using it to what are they doing I want to talk to you about this D handle yeah yeah they're using it to correlate strong neural activity to mechanical tension I'm mechanical tension is the primary driver for hypertrophy right it's not measuring that it's measuring neural activity so is the data that they're getting and is basically that they're getting better connectivity through using a D handle yes so there's tons of issues another issue is that you can't I could do this okay with my bicep and squeeze the fuck out of it yeah and the EMG is going to read a bunch a bunch of activity going on right and then I can just relax my bicep and do this and you push as hard as you can on my bicep for my e-centric yeah and this will have more measurement than this then what do you think would actually cause your growth a hundred knee squeeze in my arm like this or this absolutely yeah yeah so about tension you can't measure the passive forces or the e-centrics on most surface EMGs okay and you're missing a huge portion because all the longitudinal data suggest that deep stretch and using that to your benefit for muscle growth is very important so when you're using that's why you see kids with the de-handles do they're literally doing just concentricks now and dropping e-centrics because they think that this mechanistic data is more important than what it actually means to have mechanical tension because it's the passive and active forces. That's just my mind. They're just encouraging I'm a scientist I know these things yeah and I don't understand why they're so confident men because I don't even talk like this on on my stuff I don't go this in depth because I hate talking over people's heads man it's like it's called and this is a funny word people can now use sisquestpedalian it's a big fancy mumble jumble word on purpose because it literally just means using big words to get around an argument yeah that's why they named the word what it is like how do you say that what is that like what's that cat back in the day what's his name so vester you know how he talked that was a that was the bird tweet yeah that I thought the biggest thing is the fact that I think that it's we nailed it when you said a rage bait they're taking bits and pieces to be able to do it and they're never going to do it with somebody who is doesn't have a big right oh they specifically do it to people have big following right because of the trending yes it's the trending because they know that the big following you're going to even if they have supporters on the other side for the person that they're trying to rage bait in they'll jump in honey this podcast is going to get rage bait yeah oh let it yeah let's go one hundred percent but honey and they're leaving us started with this honey and Jared Feather are so stupid they said yeah whatever longitudinal data is better like dude shut the fuck up well that's why that's why you know I think the school for a long time but I you know I would restarties especially on the supplement right and again the training has been amazing as well but some of that stuff is kind of like all right let's try this but it's it's a lot of trunner when it comes to all of the science day for supplements you know again I did deep down on Ashwin Gonda with KSM 66 and that's why I've been such a huge advocate of KSM 66 Ashwin Gonda just because of understanding the different forms of Ashwin Gonda where it is not like so what is it give me one form of Ashwin Gonda so Ashwin Gonda is usually in general considered from the Ashwin Gonda plant but KSM only uses the root portion of the plant and is that supposed to activate something it's not because it's less likely or it basically it because of the night shade it doesn't have the poisons and toxins of the leaf and the stems will contain so KSM only uses that and that's why six years ago when I started using it for testosterone purposes and the lowering the course of the course of purposes and evil boost six years ago was because of the fact that they were using that portion of the time here's the reason I asked that in vitro Ashwin Gonda probably helps with what they say and you put it in the supplement or you do a longitudinal study on it and the mechanism you thought about from what Ashwin Gonda supposed to do is now solidified because you did a longitudinal data on it but there are way more supplements that are supposed to cause an outcome that have zero studies that confirm the outcome because it doesn't work that way in humans so it's like saying I'm going to use all this shit because I think this one mechanism is going to lead to a positive outcome we perform the longitudinal studies and it does dick right but then these this campus saying only mechanisms matter this is stupid I don't care if it said that it didn't work in humans because the mechanisms there right humans are so complex half the mechanisms you hear about don't work in humans. Creations of the most studied supplement of all time and somebody first had a reason to believe that that ATP would break off and it would help with everything that's going on in the most attraction and then they did tons of studies and they still do studies and they're finding out as cognitive typically beneficial to even in kids and we're still studying and creating because of all the mechanisms we're finding that might happen and we've ruled out some mechanisms too like there was one thing back in the day where it was making people go bald or something it would help you bald yeah and we found out that was bullshit because we did a longitudinal studies on long term creating use and nobody lost their fucking air like is the mechanism potentially there from the use sure well we have to study it 100% and they're ruling it out man and I'm like you're not as you've never taken an actual course on how science works well because we have to do that yes because that's why when you have the science degree the thing that you learned the most and I think we've talked about some before but it's learning how to read studies that's literally the course that's literally your course is on that because I mean my master's degrees it's learning how to do that right everything from a single blind double blind that it there's so many different ways of doing it but then you understanding that not all information is good information it's a lot of garbage in garbage out when it comes to studies who it's performed by and then that's when you have to test it right and you go okay wait a minute there's a bunch of studies I remember there was a there was a a supplement that someone had sent to me about 10 12 years ago maybe 15 years ago yeah it was probably 15 years ago because a couple years after I started Eugen and they were like hey this is going to do this and we have all the studies to prove it and I was like okay great let me go ahead and give this a try try it didn't feel it give it to about dozen athletes and and say it was going to make you feel like this and it was one of those things where I'm like how do you feel and everyone's like I don't know if I'm getting anything but that's and you know what's like cool about that yeah placebo so fucking strong and if honey grandma told me this is going to increase your muscle medicine you gave me a fucking pill of dirt I would probably think do like the muscle dirt yeah so the fact that people said tender yeah exactly so the fact that everybody was seeing like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and it was a crazy it was a crazy dollar amount compared to some some other derivatives of it and you know I don't want to go out here and trash it so I won't really bring it up exactly what it is but it's no no you just a crazy HL yeah yeah yeah I know it was a crazy HL but it was one of the things that I was like you know I just don't see where you can justify the price difference right so I ended up just making a hard pass on it and then basically it just went away and things that work work right even if it's a small percentage of people that might be able to benefit from it if it works it's going to actually still be around and I feel like obviously King you know the King of Supplements is creating my hydrate but when you turn around and you start to realize kind of even like one of the big things was talking about protein and breaking up proteins and saying okay the differences between you know weight protein isolate mix with you know whether it's a veggie protein versus collagen now right that's the other thing collagen is being touted as protein in collagen is collagen exactly right but it's you know you can turn around and it's still says protein but it's an incomplete protein number one and number two it's very very low on loosing levels and loosing is the King of all amino acids to be able to trigger M-tor so when you are looking at that you need to to one and half grams minimum to be be able to trigger that animal. But the person's college and protein does even help with college and production. Well, I believe that it helps with certain things. I mean, maybe on that. Maybe. Type 1s and Type 3s. But again, but I do think that it is something where there, you have so many people utilizing it and you know, was it the hydrating effects of it? Is it this and that? I mean, again, I make a college and that has vitamin D with Aquaman hydration, which is a Icelandic coral, and we utilize it. But I don't use college into build muscle, right? It's one of those things where, again, could it be that a lot of people believe that it really helps because of the fact that it's really the hydrating effects, possibly. And you're getting a similar effect of, hey, I'm getting less recalls. Well, guess what? If you're hydrated, you're going to get more less recalls, so as well. But ultimately, what I want to be able to be able to stipulate here is the fact that when you're looking at protein, you're looking at losing, right? When you're sharing around and doing that, now we went to something with studies with BCAAs. BCAAs, losing the metabolic driver. There's an isolation and valing, but when you're turning around and you're putting in essential amino acids, now you're getting even better studies that get better outcome of EAAs being more superior than BCAAs, right? So now EAAs are much more in use. Yeah, and mechanistically, most of EAAs and BCAAs cannot supply antivolic drive, cannot supply protein synthesis. However, there's two aspects of that. There's the fractional synthetic rate force for muscle protein, and there's a fractional breakdown rate. And what we do see with those things is that it can mute fractional breakdown. So if you're doing fast subcardia and you don't want to eat food yet, we have some BCAAs, you can mute the fractional breakdown rate. And you're not metabolizing. Can we muscleate fractional breakdown rates? So that means that you're going to burn off the less muscle. Yes, exactly. So if you let me let me just go down the way. So it's like, if you have the synthetic rate of muscle building and a breakdown rate of muscle, you can mute the breakdown rate. And you can, even if it doesn't help with the synthesis of new proteins, it's 100% muting that. And we see that in studies. And that's awesome if you have fasted cardio and a nice fucking fruity drink in your head. I'd rather be sipping on that than nothing. Yeah, I mean. And now I know when I go on to eat my meal after my fasted cardio, I didn't have to worry about burning off muscle when I was doing the fasted cardio. I just burned fat. So it's a, you know, in the past, but it's hard to say how much muscle you're sparing. But you just know that any muscle you're sparing is good. So I want to put that, you're spamer out there too. In this true man, in the past, I'd be like, why would I waste my fucking money on that? And then you dive more into it and you get more research behind it and I'm like, oh, shit, that's why I've got. But you got to know though, you have to know those two things though, right? You know, like, because in the past, I'd be like, this isn't working at all. And then you learn more and they're like, oh, shit. Now I think it makes sense. But the kids, unfortunately, they don't know anything. And they're very confident, a peak coming to our done in career. And this is the blows my mind. But to the de-handles, I think a biggest issue there is the mechanical tension debate and using EMG studies to say there's a high degree of mechanical tension when you can't measure the, the passive forces. You can't measure what's actually going on and you can't measure what mechanical tension actually is. And when they say mechanical tension, again, they misconstruit. They think it's like load on the bar or something. Mechanical tension also has a time scale component. See, you know, time and attention. Why do you go to the same thing that shit forever? Yeah. And like even a science. Yeah, I saw some rage debate on that too. Yeah, even a science. We try to stay away from the term. Yeah. Time and attention because we try to want to make it known that it's like, well, there's just mechanical tension that's occurring at passive and active forces. And you do want to spend more time in them because it might lead to more satellite cell proliferation and nuclei to the tissue, which is like muscle memory. So at least some more muscle memory later on because you have more nuclei in your muscle tissue to help support that. And there's so many like mechanisms that are possible that just saying mechanical tension is the only thing that matters. And then grabbing a fucking dehandle, strapping yourself on the machine and then probably wearing a ball gag soon. And just going, why are you doing kid? I thought there's like 30 mechanisms that could be going on there. And you're so latched onto this one thing. And you're misconstruing it with load on the bar. What the fuck are we doing, man? Like, kill. It's crazy. I saw some of that and I was dying. I was a guy had a dehandle on and I was a dehandle, but it wasn't attached. Right? It was just holding it. Yeah. That's it. And then he had some, you know, a strap to his elbow and he's doing like a pull down with a dehandle inflapsion. Yeah, I guess. That key. That's different. That's where they like tie it here and here and then go. Yeah, but the end dehandle in his hand. I don't know. Exactly. I don't know. Because heavy compounder king. Yeah. I don't know. If you can teach people good kick. Do you handle that was not attached? Right. Right. Oh, right. It's for, oh my god. I know why they're doing that. Their studies. If you grip something when you're performing an exercise, it might lead to more force production. Okay. Again, they're misconstruing that because passive forces with a controlled eccentric in a disc advantageous position like yesterday. And I told you shoulder back and you felt your fucking vice-ippering a part. How hard is it to get out of that position? It is so hard to get out of a disc like a biomechanically disadvantageous position. But the forces there are so the mechanical tension that's being detected there in your muscle, not on an AMG because the can't measure this are insanely high and insanely high. And that's what leads to muscle growth. But their image is considering that with, well, if I squeeze this, I can produce more force this way and then they completely negate the eccentric. It's squeezing them. And it's a complete pendulum because I had to debate people on LinkedIn parcels only and now I'm debating people on just doing one concentric, per movement, two sets, going to the next, going to the next, going to the next, applying every variation they can think of, completely negating any sort of novelty they can use in the future. And it's insane to me. And yeah, it's hard to be a scientist in this industry because the best way to do that is scientists are using the least absolute terminology. When I say something to you, I say it could be that. I could see how that's the case. It might be such that we do this in this occurs. And because we don't actually understand hypertrophy 100% or what the mechanisms truly are, we have great guesses, we have great hypotheses, we have great studies on certain things. When you hear somebody talk with uncertainty and you're a kid and you hear an absolute statement that like this is definitely how it works. Where are you going to lean to? Yeah. So the best scientists in the world and the best coaches in the world, they're saying things that aren't absolutely no. We don't know. We don't know. There's so much stuff we can. We get shit for saying that. We get shit for saying we don't know. We don't know the message which is crazy. Which is crazy. We don't know this. But there's so many things. That's science, man. We don't. And I'm okay with being wrong. We don't know, man. Like we have very good guesses. Our job is to climb a ladder, leave whatever we studied before us. Here and then say, okay, from this study, we found this and now we're closer to the truth. Let me grab your hand and pull you up with me. And then you're like, oh, because of this, I thought of this thing and you pull me up with you and we're trying to find the truth. That's what science is. We want the truth none of us have it dude. We can get closer closer closer closer closer and we're supposed to help each other get there. Not make these absolute statements and then shit all over people who are saying things with uncertainty, but are much closer to the truth than you saying you're absolutely bullshit that you're parody. And it's become this weird dichotomy where now I've been in every camp I guess. I've been in the stretch, cold camp. I for some reason I've been in like the insanely high volume camp and then somebody told me well because Nick Walker training you're in the low volume camp and I'm like, bro, I'm not in a camp. What are you talking about? I'm a coach who's applying certain things to certain athletes in a specific way and a jointman's kind of a big part of that. And you are the one placing people into different cults and camps because why you want like very polarizing content. That's it. But it is. I'm a creator. There's no way around that. That Pandora's box has been opened. The bottom line is for them to catch some kind of trend. Yep. Jump on it. Instagram, it says music that's trending. They want to find the music that's trending. And then they want to be able to utilize it. Even if it's much worse than the rap in the way. Oh, it doesn't need it. It's horrible. And I'm sitting in your scratch in my head going, okay, where did this come from? Because again, I've seen some of it. You know, Mike used it on me once. What? Like, what was it? It was when he, I was touching the Christmas chest when I was doing a, a bread. Oh, yeah. It's a little critique. It's a guy I wouldn't touch people. You know, in the same breath as that, I would say, Mike was being polarizing. He was saying something that maybe if I sat in had a conversation or you did. And you said, well, what about proprioceptic feedback? Chris has a hard time feeling his chest. Mike would be like, yeah, for sure. He would agree with you. But he made a polarizing comment on the video. He was jealous. I was touching him. That's probably the best. He only knows he wants to read. He wants to read up on C-va. He only says me. I'm not nearly as sexy as Chris. I'm not sexy. That's just a script. And he loved the punata equipment. Yeah. So, you know, like, put it if you sat in a conversation and that's the issue is we create these short clips and a lot of it becomes polarizing. And even in that moment, if Mike meant that, and you said, well, what about proprioceptic feedback? And somebody feeling their muscle a little better? He'd probably like, oh, shit, yeah, yeah, yeah. But he's okay with saying that. I was only, I was a stupid statement to make. Yeah. That's what it sounds like. And these people aren't doing that. And there's a tackle ways of doing it. And I think that Mike was being very thoughtful about it. He was just kind of putting it up there because I think he needed something to kind of make it funny because he's trying to, also he's making an entertaining. But I mean, I'm also always talk about that. I'm like, if you can't feel your muscle, I don't care. You can't do this and not train your chest. It's not a fucking thing. And we don't touch each other when we train. And we hardly go past failure. But that's the shit we do. I'm not telling you not to because if you don't enjoy the way we train, right? The fucking train like us. Unless you want what we think are optimal results and you're just, you don't give a shit about enjoyment. Okay. That's fine. But if Chris is like, yo, I can't feel my chest on this concentric. And I like the concentric squeeze. Yep. Can you touch my chest on the concentric? I'm not going to fucking say no. Right. Like, yeah, man, cool. If it helps you to your proprioceptic feedback right here. Yeah, feel good. And I'm a person who is like, you know, like, late extension. That's a great one. Because number one, I want their hips back. Yeah. Because if I bring their hips back and do not allow them to, it's just like when we decrosious we're at. When we talked about range of motion, right? When somebody is doing cheater curls and they're leading, leaning back, it's short and is a range of motion. You're shortening your, you know, gains potential, like you, potential for you to gain muscle when you're just shortening up that range of motion. So when you're doing the lay extension, same thing. It's about range of motions. You get that deep burn. Get that upper thigh to kick in and burn. So again, when I'm touching it, I'm trying to get them to make sure that they're going all the way up, feeling that they're getting that maximum contraction at the very top. So same thing with a press. So it's like, if you feel the contraction, but you know that you're, you know, if you test your chest and you're doing a press, and you know that sometimes you're coming up with three quarter reps, but you know that I can feel my chest. And as I'm pushing outward all the way, I can feel my chest. Yeah. Basically, stick out. Oh, yeah. Because I'm getting much better flexion. And I'm getting more range of motion. And if somebody is your workout partner, now you see a lot of people doing it. Because they say, so I'm me doing it. And I feel like I've been doing that for a very long time. But at the end of the day, I'm also trying to be like, oh, wow, here's another cue. You're lifting your ass up on extensions. Let me push you back into the seat. So you get deeper range of motion because that's going to equate to better muscle growth. And that's one, so like so for that example, tick. Good job. They bring a seat belt to the gym. They tie it to the fucking leg extension. And they put their ass in that seat. And that's because they understand the biomechanics that exercise. Because they listen to a lot of guys, you know, a lot about biomechanics. But in that same breath, most that stuff again, EMG studies. And that is a clear example of where EMG studies have run people a wrong way because it shows high levels of activation. And I think the latter I'll just want to squat, whereas a leg extension is hit better, or it's something like that. So you can have high levels of reading on EMG. And it actually be worse for the target muscle that you're seeing the reading in from longitudinal data and muscle biopsies. But yeah, that's an excellent example because hips back, bigger stretch. You're going to get more of the movement. Oh, against stretch. It's not a terrible thing, guys. It doesn't cause a doom-matching. We're good. Yeah, I love these all these triggering points that are like, wow, let me go ahead and create some rage bait. And that's all it is, man. And like straight up, back to the point of volume relative effort and load, went in the bar. These kids are like 16, 17, 18. If you touch a fucking weight, you're going to grow some muscle. It doesn't matter. You're going to be ginner. You're going to do this stuff and they're going to grow a little bit of muscle and they're going to realize they're wrong. And that's fine. I'm cool with that. They're going to realize they're wrong because they're not going to be able to keep growing muscle. And they're going to have to increase their volume and they're going to probably lean more into the higher repringess. What are they doing? Are they doing like a lot of... I've seen like one set of these programs. I've seen this program with like two sets on seven exercises. It's one set of like two reps. And it's only the concentric portion because they're worried about fatigue because they think the edema is fatigue and muscle damage doesn't have any correlation type hurts for whatsoever, which we, by the way, also cannot say. I'm not willing to like die on that hill, but we just, we can't say it yet. We don't, we don't actually know that yet. Because there's a bunch of downstream mechanisms that might come from muscle damage that could potentially also have some sort of enzymatic process inside of like whether it's a folk, folk like he's in Kai-ni's pathway or in Torpathway. Whatever it may be, it might help with the hyperchemy signaling. Again, mechanisms, man. We have to apply it. Yeah, you can nerd out on it. It's so hard. It's in, yeah, and like why? That's why I say it with the caveat. Here's the fucking volume, it's a relative effort to wait on the bar paradigm and here's somebody's enjoyment and if you just get that down and if these kids are having a fucking good time going on the internet and like doing these programs with one rep, I would hate that. Even if that, even if that, which it does in my promise, like I know I shouldn't make up solutes, but that's not causing the most muscle growth. Even if a program of seven movements, two reps, just a concentric, was the best thing from muscle growth, I wouldn't do it. And I'm the guy who's like, Mr. I want to optimize everything. Yeah. There's no fucking way I would have fun with that dude. One on Tricep, person with 190 pounds, just a concentric. Dude, do you not catch me doing that, should? That's crazy. I can't, I'm gonna try to imagine that. Jim next time, I'm like, would I ever even think about doing that? No, you don't see that. And like, maybe at some point, like, because Mike's doing these trendy, like, I tried the trend trend workout. I tried this. Maybe if one of those kids blows up enough, like, do their workout and we'll just be like, at the end, like, that was it. That was that's it. That would be, that would be fun to try to say. Yeah, that's dude. I'm not gonna shit on them too much, again, their kids. And like, I did a couple of semesters of like adjunct professor ship. I'm not like where I came in. I did some guest lectures for some people in our master's degree. And there's a lot of uncertainty as a kid. Social media has become this thing. We're like influencers now a job. I get it. And if it's trendy and it's making you get views, you begin to, because your brain's not fully developed, fully shift your beliefs because you are regurgitating it all the time. You're saying it all the time. You have instant gratification. Yes. And it sets things with like, if I tell myself that I suck and I hate back training enough, like you suggested in the gym, yeah. That's what's gonna happen. Right. I got a shift that shit man. Like, I can't say that all the time. I can't wait to go back and train arms now. I can't. Yeah, I'm excited. Yeah, yeah. I'm excited. I'm gonna have fun arm training. I'm gonna keep telling myself. Yeah, it's gonna be fun. When you get pumped, I'm gonna send pictures to Hottie. It's right. It's gonna be like, I'm gonna get $1.23. It feels gonna wish he had arms like mine. Yeah, that's what you're gonna do. But, you know, key takeaway man, like, understand making absolute statements is probably not where you want to head, right? Take it information. If you see people making absolute statements, or are you doing it yourself, you probably don't know as much about that topic that you think. Well, let's talk about what you should do, right? So, I think that we talked a little bit about what you should do. Okay, I think that there's not all information is good information in terms of what you're sharing. If you're trying to turn around and use. They're trying to use it. Yeah, it could be good information for you to what's called red team your own thoughts. Because I had to get pissed about this in order for me to be like, I actually understand this stuff. Let me help people. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, and then I had to like, remember things that I learned years ago, I'm like, oh, I still know how this works. How do you think if you had to give advice to a 15, 16, 17 year old that wants to trend without using rage bait, right? Without going in there and trying to pick apart somebody's whatever to be able to do that. But at the same time, what's the solution for them for them to be able to try to get trending in being able to still do that? I don't have a different view point in this. Have a reason to influence, do something. Like, do something that creates a capacity for you to have an influence on an industry. That's why I call myself an educator. I'm 32. I was in, I was in blowing up on social media at 16. I wasn't schooled dude. I was working for my family. I was, you know what I mean? I was developing a world view. But did you come from a different era? I'm sorry, but you're old. We've to use kids. Their Instagram is a different era. It was my favorite. Right, but these kids want to be famous at 16. 16, 17. Well, do they stop? I don't think they have to stop Jared. I think this is most important. Because you look, I heard about you for the first time about like, I remember, six, seven years ago. And again, Mohawk helps because I go, oh, him. Yeah. I see a lot of Jared's out there. I'm talking about Jared from subway. Jared from subway. Oh, my God. So let's just know. But the classic Mohawk, you know, some allegations. I just didn't go to prison for it. I'm just kidding. That's so wrong. That's kidding. That's it. But I do think that look, man, they need a solution. Because they want to be on social. Okay. Keep posting. Right. But it's also, I think it's about giving information to the community and being able to share your journey. But I think that you can do that without constantly feeling like you have to try to do that. Look at Sam's look. Yeah. He just started posting his workout. Yeah, it's a great example. He posted his workouts. And he loved it. He fucking loved it, man. And he talked about it. You know, yeah, there's studies to say this. And he just got that voice, you know. Yeah. It could be this could be that. But like, I just fucking loved this pump. He takes a share off the entire workout. He's like, oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to be huge in two years. And people just love it, man. Yeah. Like, be a good person. Yeah. Don't shit on people. Like, these kids are shooting on people like that. Real people at the top. Like, when you talking to videos or you, putting talking to videos over Mike, where are they going? Right. That's not going to be content in the future, man. Like, that's not going to be a sustainable. Yeah. It's just a sustainable. Yeah. But the only person still doing that was Greg. And I don't know if he's doing it terribly anymore. I don't see it that much. No. I think the biggest thing I saw. And he didn't blow it from that. He's just trending. He's just doing it because he's trending. Yes. He blew it. He was like, when he was with Mike, we're fighting for me. He was with Mike. Because I watched Greg and college. And he was doing, I have a master's degree. Here's what I know. And this is how you're trending. And he did. And I was like, fuck, yeah, this is great. And he had so many views. And then the rate, he started to go down. Other educational platforms came up. And he started to do the rage bait shit. And it was good for a while. And then you slowly go look at his trend line. You can go to anybody's trend line. What is that website called? You know, social platform. It's like social platform. Okay. If you, everybody social media. Yeah. I'm sure there's more than one after. And you look when he stops doing the rage bait stuff. It goes like this. Yeah. When he stopped doing the mask, like the teaching stuff. Teaching stuff was like this for a while. Like I'd say in 2015, 2016. It starts to go like this. And he's like fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, money, money, money, money, money. It sees the rage bait stuff happening. And he goes, oh, rage bait. Let's try it. And he sees a little tick up and he's smart with business. Yeah. So he continues to do that. But now when you see him posting this rage bait shit, people just fucking tired of it. This shit's going down like this. So that's when he caught onto the mic. Is it until? Yeah. Because we started blowing up. And now he only rage bait Mike for a while and a shit. Like this. He's like, hmm, let's keep rage baiting Mike. And then it started to go like this again. So he's just really good at catching trends. He already had a platform to do that though. Kids are just shitting on people and they're rude, man. Like they're rude to people. You're not going anywhere with that dude. So if I can give you advice, it's don't be that guy. Like don't you don't got to be a dick. That's insane to me. Because these kids are literally like, you're going to see a talking video from this podcast, I promise. And it's like these two are fucking stupid. And they'll say it like that. Yeah. They will. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard of that. Like, honey, just selected his clients. And that's why he thinks he's the man. Yeah. And Jared, you think he knows anything with that haircut? That's how they talk. I'm like, are those arguments at all? What are we doing, man? It's crazy to me. So like keep posting, post your, like if it's in fitness, for example, because I can't tell you every other area where you can blow up on social media. Like if you like, if you like make up tutorials, keep posting the fucking make up tutorials. Right. Don't be mean to people. Yeah. Keep posting your workouts. Try to keep learning. And each time you learn something new, you're like, hey, I don't think they do that. I don't think they do that. I'm going to hold you there. I'm going to. So when you sit down and you see your roles doing make up tutorials, I highly doubt. Not to say that it's not happening. But I highly doubt anyone's getting anywhere. When they turn around and saying, hey, look, this one, this girl, she's got clown makeup. Yeah. She doesn't know what she's doing. That's going to last about a hot second. Yeah. I don't know. And everyone's going to turn around and execute me a coto. Right. They're going to just be like this person is not serious. You'll never get anywhere with that. So how is that any different than what we're doing? Yeah. And it goes. It's just, that's just what it is. You know? So ultimately, I'm just like, okay, great. Yeah. It's a one. Well, that's why you've been relevant for. Well, because I don't get caught up in the minutiae. What I do is could have caught up in the results. Oh, exactly. You just do your damn job and you do it well. Well, I just do is just win. Yeah. Right. Just go in there and win. Just do the best. You can't just try to bring them in the best. Don't over promise and under deliver. Try to just be very frank with the people you're working with. And don't turn around and sell yourself. That's something I never did. I never did. And so what people don't even realize. They don't even realize that everybody that I've worked with in the last 20 years came to me to be able to help them. It wasn't that I was going out of my way trying to, trying to like, you know, establish my wares and say, hey, come over, come over to my camp. We know. I know a lot of coaches came to you backstage. What's that? Most of the guys that I know about that you've got came to you backstage because they tell their own stories are like, honey happened to be there with Jay. Yeah. I walked up to them. I said this and honey was like, hmm, let me shit test you a little bit first. Yeah, give them all talk. Have a conversation. Have a conversation. See how the conversation goes. Can you can you even have a conversation? Right. Exactly. And that's it. And there's been people that have done very, very well in this industry. And I did, I just passed because I didn't think it was going to be a good, you know, it wasn't going to be a good chemistry for me. And it was one of those things where I'm just like, you know what? I could have definitely just been able to do some things with those people. But ultimately, I wanted low friction. Because in the very beginning, you eat a lot of shits sandwiches as a trainer. And you guys know this because the people are listening to this that are trainers. And you're doing like, you know, you're trying to utilize these athletes as a bulletin board for your services. Saying, hey man, if this guy comes in shape, I'm going to be able to kind of establish a business and be able to show that I know what I'm doing. Yeah. Right. So 25, 30 years ago when I was coming up, it was like doing that, being having a getting somebody a pro card was a big deal. Now winning Olympia is a big deal. Right. Because there's a lot of pro cards now. So it's a big difference. You know, there's a lot of ways of turning pro nowadays. But the big thing I think is that when you start looking at it in its entirety, a lot of people are trying to like steal each other's clients. I hear about it. Right. And I hear about it. Or they turn around and they try to take credit for other people's work. And again, and again, there's a lot of asshole clients out there too that will turn around and be able to, you know, try to pick their brains of multiple people. I remember that happening too. Well back. So right. And then they'll sit there and then everyone's like, no, I'm coaching them. Really. And then, you know, it's like, dude, you have a clear concise team. And that's who it should be. And if that's who you are, then you know what, you got some character issues on the percent. And that, you know, again, I saw you see that happening. And I was like, that's why I tried to filter the likelihood by the picking and choosing who I worked with. Because that cut down the instance of being able to have those types of people that are just constantly just trying to use you. And that's it. So yeah, this is the same people are going to turn around and turn around and try to shoot on you when they, when they don't end up getting to the place in the line. You know, let that, like, if you're a coach getting a client from another coach. And the first thing out of that client's mouth is this is what my coach did. I didn't hear from for this long. He had me doing all this shit. What are you thinking is going to do to you whenever you stop responding for two days because you had a fucking issue. You had to go to a hospital. Like, and that's why Aaron, for example, I've seen Aaron have conversations with clients. Like he's doing like his watch out for video. We're clients that some shit and he's like, look, first and foremost, I don't do that shit. It's like, I don't care what your coach did. I don't know anything about that guy or he might even not even like the guy. And he's still like, listen, man, we don't do that. Never come to me with that shit again. I don't want you talking crap about another coach to me. We're going to do what we do. We're going to get results. And that's it. Like, maybe he fucked up, maybe he didn't. Maybe you were the issue and you don't even know it. I'm here to do my job. I don't want you, I don't want to hear about your old coach and what you think he did wrong. Like you show me the plan to give you. You show me your blood work. And I'll do my job. If you didn't have you get blood work, do I think that's a bad thing? Yes, I'm going to keep that to myself. And I'm not going to shit on the guy. I'm going to say, okay, well, I need you to do it. Blood work. And let's just, let's see what's going on. And let's just do our job. Like, what do you think they're going to do to you? Right. That's the first thing they said to you? Yeah, they're using you like state farm. You know, you're learning insurance policy. Yeah. You know? So if you can like teach them some shit while you're trying to onboard them, like, hey, look, man, it's not cool to shit on people like that. Even if I don't like the guy. 100%. Yeah. So I think Aaron is really good at that. So, you know, pitch to him because he really, we had a good conversation about that recently. That's why I told my mind. Yeah, that's it. Well, I think that the speaking of Aaron, are you ready to do it? Do you, and I? A few of the anytime, guys. I will say this. If you guys are liking this so far, please share the hell out of this. Please, because I feel like this is the type of stuff you would see. Like, I can say something in how to be like, stop right there. Here's what he means. And, uh, honey is very good at the layman stuff. Yep. And, again, I try to be as well, which is why I don't normally talk this way. But people need to understand what they're saying wrong and why they're saying it wrong. And I want people to see that because I could go on multiple podcasts and have the same rant. But like, let's just build the truth up and like seriously. Because like this, share it, get clips from it. Whatever resharing platforms because like, it's, you know, honey ran by first and foremost. Let's keep building the rant. And, uh, I love you for that, bro. I love you. I'll be honest, like, I don't get to sit down and geek out much on multiple levels. And we always talk about it 100%. And even though you promised to come here three different times, different events that you came to. That was within the main honey of your mouth. It's good. It's good. Yes. Yes. I want to be down there, bro. I'm going to be an awesome. I'll drive to you. And then I'm like, okay. I tell everybody here at the office. I'm like, yeah, I give it 25%. He's been like three years. You'll believe it would have like a hologram of me. Yes. And you'll be able to hologram where the hell you want. Yeah. So we'll, you know, it'll be easier. No, no. I think, I think, honestly, I'd rather you just come over for a week and train. I can't wait for him. Yeah. I definitely get that going. But, but like Jared said, definitely. We go ahead and we spend our time doing this. So if you do like it, let us know what you like about it in the comments below. Or if you have a different sub-it opinion, or if you want some clarity, go ahead. I'm going to be in the comments. Oh, absolutely. I'm going to be in the comments. Have a really good at jumping into the, into the comments section on the YouTube page. And then what we'll do is also just repost you. Tag us and repost you. Yeah. I'm going to be in the comments section. So if you see a clip that you like, then go ahead and do it. Or you don't. Yeah. Or you don't. I mean, like, you know, it's probably we should have dick at comments. Fine. Yeah. Those are good. But do not expect me. Do not, I am, I am, as of lately, do not expect me to be nice. If you're a dick and you come at me, like, I'm going to come after him. I'm going to overtalk put you in your place. And it's not going to be a good. I love it. This is actually a good. I need to rev it up. I do a little EVP extreme. I'm getting on here. That's this because we didn't train first. My aggression usually is let out. Yeah. And now I'm just like, yeah, yesterday was a little different because we trained arms like he trained. We are poxious like, so what do you think about bodybuilding? I'm like, yeah, I think next looking good and so is how do you. Yeah. It's guys. We're fucking arm shirt. That's what it. That's what it. But, um, but we definitely are going to go into a Q&A. And for those of you asking, what I have are. I suggest here for. We are launching the new Dubai chocolate. That's right. If you've ever had Dubai chocolate, you got to check it out. Amazing. Ice a jake flavor. We got the new white tops on here. So I'm pretty excited about this little updated looks. Just a little refresh. Nothing major, but just a nice refresh. And we got to do by chocolate bar on the front of it because when I went to Dubai, the year ago, I got the inspiration. And the best part about it is that it's not like overly, you know, you try it. The new Dubai chocolate. So good, man. Yeah. Yeah, it's next level. It's got a really good pistachio taste with how they're being overwhelming. And chocolate is an overwhelming taste. It's usually with these types of flavors, especially from other companies that I've noticed. It's like an after-filtration. It's like whatever the flavor is, you get it kind of like you drink it and it's like, it tastes like protein. And then you got like an after-taste. But this was like pistachio in my mouth. Immediately. Yeah. It's like a cold. And I love pistachio ice cream. Which is why I keep bringing it in to creamy. Yep. It's next. Give me home right now. Nice to learn. Nice to learn. So let's get the Q&A going here. And you know, and guys, I'm so excited. I'm drinking my protein. I had, you know, six ounces of steak before this, up to two hours ago. I am feeling like I'm getting ready for the Olympics. Week six. Week six of the FSC7 transformation has been amazing. It's been a great accountability tool for me because I didn't want to just do what I did with my clients for over three years. And just push it off and say, okay, this is what you should do. But I wanted to be able to do two just like when we train. Yes, right. I say, oh, he's like, oh, you're training too. And he's you're not expecting that. And I was like, absolutely. I'm not going to sit here and let you have all the fun for now. It was great for now. That's a good session. Yeah, it was awesome. It was awesome. But you definitely going to want to watch the workout. If you haven't seen it yet, depending on when this airs, the check out that workout, because that's going to be fire. And it's funny. Are we doing the last portion as well? We are going to talk about polarizing. Well, you want to go there first. We do the last. Okay. What do you do last? How many questions you want to do before we do the anatomy or not stuff? Let's see. We got anatomy or not coming up. And we have two, three, four, five, six, seven. And then we got 14 from there. So we have, we have, we have a, I don't know. We got a few. Look at three. I'm sure some of those have a overlap and shit that I read. Yes. I'm, okay, one was how to fix the chest gap. Oh, good Lord. Yes. Honest got great opinions on this stuff. So for me, the targeting muscles is difficult. The targeting specific regions of muscles is difficult. The data suggests your shape is your shape. However, I was, we were talking about this one proximal growth. And the gym yesterday, so check out that video. We're seeing that if you do emphasize stretch portions, you can get some more growth at the end ranges of certain muscles. Yep. Chest shapes, solid genetic, and to be honest, the chest gap, if you get big ass picks, it's kind of cool. That's it. You get crazy striations. Yep. It's really, the key to chest gap, in my opinion, is that you just need to get a bigger chest. 100%. That's it. And then it'll look freaker because the quoting quote chest gap is just, you know, the best friend, while he's shredded man, he's Asian shredig guy. And we were friends with him. They always have that kind of thing. He's got like the Tristan before he's just right. And, but he definitely has a chest gap. And, but when he gets pretty jacked, which for him is just an extra five pounds on this frame, because he's just always 150 pounds and like five percent of the fact. But when he gets a little bit of weight, it just looks crazy. So again, just get your chest bigger. It's make sure you're hitting all the angles. Make sure, again, upper chest. Very good. So it's focused on that. And if you're a bodybuilder who's asking this and you hit a side chest with a chest gap, it pushes that shit on the balls. It kind of like a pink. Yeah, it balls it up so much. Like some of the best side chest had that chest gap. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. It's a friction. Let's just get a bigger chest. Just get bigger chest. That's a shape is a shame. That's it. And just make sure you're working on all the angles, right? The different exercises. But that was Q1. All right. Here's one that actually from Horacio. He's asking, is cooking with extra version all the way. The best option. If you ask me any oil, if you have fats in your plan that have the Paulian mono saturators at the right amount, the fish oils probably the best thing possible. Just taking supplementation. Any oil like that is a good fat. So it's a healthy fat. That's fine. That's really fun. Cooking with it all the time. If you don't have fats in your plan, it's a stupid because you don't have the fats that cook in oil. That's what oil is probably the worst, obviously. But all of those are great. I think all of oil is great. I think the issue you run into is you have oxidation rates on temperature. And so when you look at flash points versus oxidation rates, they're very, very low. So if you turn your heat up with anything, like olive oil is really good for salads and cooking on very light temperature if any. And then for my opinion, using the higher that you can go on on Google and you'll see a list of oxidation rates for heat. And you know, like the burning flash points, flash points are the different oils. So you want to use things that are going to be able to handle higher temperature for certain oils. And that's why when a lot of people are like, hey, you should definitely use some like talo or those things because again, they can handle higher temperatures. But so for me, extra especially extra version olive oil, I like to not cook with it or just super light saute just so that you don't have it oxidized because again, you know, the flash point and the heat point of oxidation rates are very, very low in terms of the temperatures that can handle. What do you think the issues if it does oxidize? You know, it's hard to say. So that's my thing. What's like, what does it do? I don't know. That's my really hard to say. Does it burn out some nutrients? Yeah, maybe. Yeah. I don't know. It does it create carcinogens. It's like, you know, who knows. I'm sure that there's a lot of different. And as you can see, I just say like, it's very similar and maybe using another oil that doesn't do that as much. If you're that worried about it, cool. But I just don't see that there's a detriment to that happening. So. Yeah. That's on the olive oil. Cool. All right. So we got. Sibu asking, how many times should I do abs in a week? Discoes for basically any muscle. Frequency volume intensity. That relationship. One to three times a week for most muscles is kind of the frequency we see that is appropriate. That has to be within a well planned program where you're not overlapping. So like, let's say, well, I want to train my abs with 10 sets. The day prior to doing heavy backs, watch. Good fucking luck. Yeah. You're not going to hold the squat on your beer back at the bar in the back. So to get benefit from muscle growth, it's the same thing. You have to go through the process. You've got to have there's a protein synthesis window. You've got to make sure the damage is in excessive. It's all the same shit. Abs, calves, worms, all these small muscles people talk about. It's the same thing. You go through the same processes. You go through with any trained muscle and abs are trained muscle. So I do them zero times a week. We're doing it all during prep. When I was in high school, I trained my abs every single day and they became very overdeveloped. And because of that, I was a kid growing and, you know, I'm obviously building muscle. The simple act of bracing because we have things like in sports science, we have what's called maintenance volume, minimum effective volume, maximum recoverable volume, adaptive volume. My maintenance volume for my abs is now bracing. I can brace on heavy compounds and I will. Okay. I'll always have the abs that I have. If not decreased in size, they've actually probably gained size over the last 10 years that I haven't touched them. I did them one time. Probably 8 or 9 years ago. Yeah. I did two such a decline sit ups, 10, 10 reps and I was sore for a week. And I was like, fuck that. I just never did them again. But the act of bracing, if you know how to brace properly, stimulates the abdomen region. And if you have developed abs and you don't need to train them as much as people who don't have developed abs, it's like abs. It's just like every muscle. If I know dudes straight up, I know I have some black friends from St. Louis because I grew up in like decently in the hood. They got the biggest biceps ever when I was training with them from just doing pull-ups. And they never trained their biceps. I was like, dude, fuck you. Yeah. I do so much for my biceps. And it's insane. So it's genetic. You know what I mean? If you don't have abs, you kind of train your abs. If you don't have calves, you got to train your abs. So look at you. So on the flip side of that. If he doesn't have abs and you're programming. Would you say two to three times a week? Absolutely. Yeah. And probably after your leg days, because if you have like a say two leg days a week, at the end is great. And then maybe one other day. Yeah. Yeah. The only difference is that I would always suggest is if you really are trying to work on your abs, do them in the beginning of the workout. The reason why they're weak. If they're weak point, absolutely right. Because you're never going to be able to get that really good ab workout. If you're trashed. If you're trashed, post workout. You're going to do a couple sets and you're going to be like dude, I'm just going to do this. Right. But if you turn around and have a weak point, which is your midsection and you really want to get those abs to pop, put in 15, 20 minutes into some abs. And I'm talking about like whether you're doing haying leg raises. If you're doing like crunches with with or without weight or with ropes or if you're using a particular type of machine for extra resistance, any of those things in the beginning of the workout. Because again, the one that you're going to do secondarily is always not going to have as good of a workout as your first exercise. So if you start that out right off the bat or separate it with cardio, like let's say if you're doing fast at cardio and you want to do abs then, you can turn around do some floor work and that's a good idea. Add it for your consistency of your program. What is your cool? Your calves too. Why not throw your traps in there first. Yeah. That's just throw man in there. Because you have like a quarter quarter active rest day. You're like all of your cardio, calves and abs and abs and perhaps whatever. All of your frequency in there. Clean up. Cool. Definitely agree on that. Let's see. Guys, before we go into the next segment of the podcast, just a reminder for your chance to be able to utilize the my workouts, go ahead and download the FST7 app at honirambod.com. Again, for just a dollar, all you have to use is code honi-y-t and you get all the exclusive content, the workouts. And if you didn't get a chance to sign up for the FST7 transformation for your shout at winning $5,000, the next one is coming up. Go ahead and sign up at the app so that you get notified. For the next transformation or simply if you want to be the best version of yourself, to get those workouts that I put together for my athletes that are now available on the app. Check it out honirambod.com. Here's a good one for you. From Victory PT, do bigger pumps more blood flow stretching the fascia equate to more muscle growth. Potentially. See, look how much science is. Maybe. Most likely. Most likely. I'm not going to put the sample on it. So these kids are also trying to rule that out. But again, we do a lot of student studies. We take the muscle biopsies. We do this scans. And we see more growth. And people who tend to do more volume, 100% of getting bigger pumps. And that volume is leading to more growth. And I don't think we can rule out metabolites just yet. And again, there are hundreds of metabolites. Right. There's antipoxia, curses as well. And there's hydrogen ions, lactates, the most studied metabolite probably. Yeah. I'm not willing to throw it out yet. I'm not at all. And I think that because it is such a something to has to come with training, yep. That there's nothing wrong with getting a big pump. Right. And if it was solely the mechanical tension you feel in the muscle. And that's how you grow with that you get a pump. So I'm not willing to say that it does nothing. Yeah. Again, people are, again, like this speaking absolute. But there's a clear correlation. It's just a matter of understanding all of the different nuances. Well, the science will work it out down the road. I do think that there's a cause and effect. You pick up the weight, you put it down, you turn around, yep. You grow into the pump. Right. A weaker muscle is a smaller muscle and a stronger muscle is a bigger muscle. And that tends to correlate to some degree. Again, I'm not talking in absolute. I'm talking about in generalities, but broad strokes. And that's why when we start talking about supplementation and increasing blood flow, taking creatine, hyperhydrating with glycerol. Right. That six years ago came out with a B.A.Q. And these things are made to be able to help with making sure that you're hyperhydrating the muscle. So therefore, are you just increasing blood flow, but you're also trying to keep the pump in the fullness. And that's what you're doing in bodybuilding, right? So you're trying to say, okay, can I keep that pump along or great? And you know, when you hit a really good threshold of work out to recovery, you wake up in the morning. And you're brushing your teeth and you're getting a pump, you're like, yeah, my shit's on point, right? And that's why I'm saying like all of these things that they can add up again, is it going to turn around and are you going to take this or this or any of these things and you're going to wake up and look at it? Right. It's not a matter of that. It's a matter of utilizing the 1% tool. It can make it a 1% difference every week. Yes. And that 1% of being able to do that will help. And I'll say this, if you want like a more scientific answer for me as a scientist, there, then I'll use a mechanistic example so I can show you how that works. There are hypotheses based on mechanisms that might occur downstream that lead to more satellite cell proliferation because of the hypoxic environment that it causes. So if mechanical tension was the sole factor for muscle hypertrophy and there's studies that are kind of rolling that out too, you wouldn't have that big of a pump, but you'd grow all the muscle in the world. But there's a potential mechanism where that hypoxic state and there's a bunch of pathways that are triggered by different enzymes because you have more blood lactate and things in the muscle and the longer that stays around. So like you signal with the mechanical tension and then because you keep the pump around longer. It's more time and more preparatory hypertrophy for those nuclei to get into place and actually keep the muscle. So I think if I were to make life hypothesis, it's probably a good thing for muscle growth. And here's a terminology that I'm using because that's not an absolute statement, but I think with a certain degree of certainty, whatever that is, that is likely, just based on what I know about the metabolism going on with all this stuff. So I think it's likely a good thing, man. And I think we have how long's bodybuilding been around? 100? We have years of anecdotal evidence that suggests that it does something. Right. So I think it's, I love pump products. I just talked about that in there for some of the products I use. Yeah. I use the glycerol, I use citrulean and arginine and I always have and I love it. Yeah. Even like Agma Teen sulfates, it's a good one too. Yeah. Really good nitric oxide precursors and then you turn around and you add in hyperhydrating effects on this role and then even some little bit carbohydrate in there. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Throw in some carb. And I think that a lot of those things are now just being better understood because in the past, obviously when I was competing back in the day, there was very little science behind a lot of these things. It was just protein powder. Yep. Preworkouts were really didn't really exist. You know, and then I think there was like ultimate orange and that was kind of it. And then until, yeah, they came way later though. That came really later because you got to remember it was about yo-himby, you know, because they would give yo-himby for erectile dysfunction. You know, even though it's a stimulant, it also increased blood flow. So they would prescribe 5.4 milligrams of yo-himby hydrochloride and that was prescription grade and that was it before there was any viagra and later. But I think that the biggest thing that people have to understand is that you have to just see what works for you. Right? And again, cause effect and are you getting as the juice worth of squeeze? If you are really on top of everything and you understand your body, try it. But if you're not getting something out of it, then stop using it. Don't waste your money. But if you are, and you're, especially somebody who's really dialed in, like somebody who's a competitive athlete, right? Somebody who competes in some type of like physique type of competition. Those are kind of the race cars that really need the optimal performance. But if you're going to the gym three or four days a week and you're just like, hey, I'm just going through there. I just want to take some things with some caffeine in it and get something out of it. By all means, that and a good way protein shape. Awesome. Exactly. But then if you want to experiment and say, hey, what is the hyperhydrating effects and how do I feel about glycerol, right? And how can those constituents of like a glycerol or a glycerol matrix? How is that going to allow me to get a better pump and keep the pump longer with more muscle fullness? Like I said, I think the key is when you get into the optimal zone as an athlete or when you're coaching somebody, you can see when they end up getting that the proper ratio of just that leanness to muscle fullness, you start to really geek out and go into, whoa, this is starting to look nasty. And I remember when Phil would get in his own, how do you would get in his own, even Derek and I've got some videos I'll show you of Seabun that I never posted. Yeah. Yeah. And some nasty nasty crazy crazy stuff. Yeah. Most of the stuff clearly increases the matrix around the muscle, like cyraplasmic hypertrophy is probably occurring from a pump. So I like the pump. And I think it probably is a growth. And seeing somebody with a crazy pump is cool shit. So I don't see that. Yeah. It's cool. Yeah. I love the shit man. Crazy pump conditioned just when you get really hard and just have the super crazy muscle separation. And that is just accentuated with a great pump. But all right, let's go through and see what else we got here buddy. And she haven't fun. Absolutely. Oh, great. I'm getting out. All right. Do me in for a month. For a month only. All right. So we got question is, say, eat, is asking, how is it to take? How is it to take steroids at the age of 19? How is it? I assume saying like should I? Yeah. Yeah. Let me start off with saying, like absolutely not. It's just very cut and dry. This is something where if you decide to take something, you should wait until you're mid 20s. And then maximize your complete human and genetic potential, then you're also, your brain is much more developed and you can be able to make a decision that is going to not be so emotional, but more rational at that point of the risk reward. Yeah. But you as an adult can decide that. I mean, that's my take on it. What's your take? I think I'm mostly agree from like a libertarian standpoint. You can serve your country at 18. You can make your own fucking decisions. I don't care. Yeah. What I suggest it, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say what it will do. No. I would not suggest it at 19 years old. I don't know if most people have fully developed the world view and understand the risk reward, what they look like to begin with, like they've been training for five to ten years. They haven't done any of this shit yet. As an adult, you're an adult, make your own decisions, sure. But you know, you're two guys here who coach people at a pretty high level that they know, like it's 19 is likely a little too young for my liking. I did a 10 year now to a bodybuilding career first. I was 26. When I started. And you heard me say it's a top till you're talking. Don't start taking 25. Did you say it? Do you say that? I actually fortunately had Mike in my year because I was like pretty fucking tired of the natural bodybuilding. I was like 21 and I was like, I'm just ready to do it. But then, you know, I told you that story about the injection and me passing out. Okay. I'm going to do it. I can't do it. Yeah. So yeah, no, I, he's like, why don't you, you know, he was always in my year about that shit and I fucking, that was one of the best things that ever happened to me. Why don't you like do a natural pro show. And then that's okay. Cool. I'll do one first. I did it. Is it how about you get a natural pro win? And I was like, fuck, okay. Wait, is it next year? I got a natural pro win. I was like, what about now? Is it how about you compete in a natural world championships? I was like, I got this something to do. I had a chance I wanted to go in. So I ended up not doing the world championships that year. But we had full discussions. I consulted with somebody who's very good in the industry with pharmacology, shout out to products of as, eat team, we will GSB. They're very good at teaching and not a lot of people in our space want to do that online because it does reflect scoring. It shows unfortunately. As a pro bodybuilder, you got to work the politics and they don't like you talking about that shit. I'm putting that out there. But I don't care. Not a lot of guys are willing to do that. So that's why I respect John so much. Do it. He has his J3U and he still copies it a high level. There's really well. I respect a lot of people like Team Meal GSP who were like, he had a competitive power lifting career. He was really good. And they're good at teaching people. So I consulted with him for a year every week for an hour. So 52 hours, you know, I would bring him back stuff to learn. He'd send me stuff to read, whether that was like the antibiotic Bible or like whatever it was that he had access to. And before I ever touched anything, I made sure to really formally educate myself from this stuff. I think that's the really important. That's the key takeaway. Make sure you get enough time under tension. You know, training. Yeah. And I like I said, Max yourself. Yeah. Because like in 19, you might at 25, you look back at your 19 year old decisions. I thought the fuck was I doing. You might like not even train anymore at 25. Exactly. You might be like exactly. Well, now I own three companies on my hedge fund owner and I'm 24 and I'm out of business school. And I train twice a week and I have a beautiful family. Yeah. And good fucking thing you didn't make that decision in the college 19 where your friend for drinking and you were just in the gym all the time. Yeah. Like good thing you didn't because you wouldn't have any of that shit. Yeah. If you have exceptional genetics, then you can decide. Yeah, you got to see what they look like. Yeah. You got to maximize it first. Yeah. That's it. Maximize it first. Let's see. Next question is, I have from Pablo, I have a O3 herniated. He's got three herniated discs. That exercise and supplements could help me. Pablo. I would just say don't work into the ranges of the motions that hurt really understand some fundamentals of biomechanics where like let's say you're on a leg press and you put your feet like this and you're coming down and you feel a ton of kifosis and a little back. Most likely is because you're like this and maybe you have a long femurs. If you just took your feet into this again, targeting specific areas of muscles is very hard but deeper ranges of motions likely cause a little more hypertrophy and if you can get into those ranges of motions safely by knowing how anthropology works with foot positions and positions, things like that, you'll get more out of it and you'll be safer. So watch some of our stuff, watch some of honey stuff and how you teach this clients and if you experience pain in the sense of bad pain, stop. That's that. Also, there's very degree, very degrees of pain and herniations. First thing is if you're really bad, you have to get it looked at. Absolutely. First go see your doctor. Make sure you get a plan together and be able to do things because again, simple rehab physical therapy. Okay, rehabilitation on that. Figuring out seeing if there's what they ways of working around that first before you just decide to go back and try to look at the Ronnie Coleman road in the movie. Right. You know, the cost of redemption, the video that I remember I was there when he typed that by the way. And I, in human kinds of lifting and one thing you got to do is you have to take in consideration your level of degree of injury, right? So whether you've injured it or something that just happens to run your family and you've got some kind of disgeneration degradation, degradation, degenerate disease exactly. You look at that. You go shit man, this runs in my family, my mom had it, this and this is going on or you know, you had a bad car accident when you're younger and whatever, you got to be able to really just not do stupid shit because it's going to make you way worse. And as we were talking yesterday, whether you're in your 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s, but ever you are, you have to remember for every decade of life, you've got more miles on your car. And I always talk about how you got to be careful with what you do because if you have a 69 Mustang, Shelby Mustang and you want to take it to the track, it's different than a 2000 and 25 Shelby Mustang that you can go over there that's brand new, right? Because if you go out there and be to shit out of a 69, you're going to be piss and oil everywhere because you're going to end up, the car is not designed. I want to get you to exactly. So you've got to ease into it and be able to say, okay, I'm going to go over there and feel those miles and have a really good time and you get the visceral feel. That's what you've got to do when you're a 40, 50, 60 year old lifter versus when you're 25. But if you try to go in and try to do what you did when you're 25, when you're 50, right off the rip, chances are you're not going to do it very long because you're going to get hurt. And then you know fun, right? You're going in there. You want to be able to create consistency. And to be able to do that, you've got to do it safely. So make sure you don't do something that's going to make it worse because you're going to regret it. Period. Boom. That's it. All right. Where do we have this? We have Andre Cossett. How would you recommend to go about starting a coaching career? Goal is Mr. Olympia coach. I didn't even make that up. Wow. Well, first and foremost, you got it. You're a community knowledge via whether anecdote or some sort of educational platform to train yourself. Once you have a pretty decent amount of training under your belt, you have friends hop in with you to train with you. If you've done all that, you then coach people for free. Immediately, family members, friends. You see how the coaching process goes. And from there, if you'd like to do some personal training, get some certificates, whatever you need to do, try that. And then you can do a couple online clients or maybe you transfer some of those family members. So like, okay, we're going to try this now where we're doing online plus in person. And you've got to get a feel for the flow and process that you'd like to apply to your clients. And then you can start to really lean into it. But if you don't have anything to give, I'm not going to give you advice on starting a coaching point. You know, you've got to have it first. So if you have all that under your belt, tell me, yeah, start transferring some of the friends and families onto online stuff. See how you like it. Like you might even like coaching. You might just want to quick buck, which I would never suggest that, forever. Now you're going to be passionate about it. If you want to be a really good coach, you've got to love what you do and you've got to have thick skin. Because if you don't have thick skin, you're not going to be able to deal with the trials and tribulations of people that are hormonal, figuratively, and, you know, literally. And you have to understand that you're going to have to deal with a lot of ups and downs because you're dealing with people that are dieting, they're on stimulants, they own a low carbohydrate, it's around little sleep. Because of those stimulants, all of these things are a factor of how they're going to be able to treat you. And I had to say it, but a lot of them can be pretty nasty. Oh, it can get to me. It can happen. Yeah. And so it's one of those things when they're anxiety levels are up, you've got to have thick skin to be able to learn how to deal with that. So it is, it's a thing. And again, a lot of them because they've never were coaches, they don't understand how that is because they want to be shown respect because of what they've already done. But that doesn't happen to the coaches coming up because they don't have that track record to be able to do that when they're starting out. You don't get that instant respect as you did as an athlete. Athletes get into respect in high school, then in college, and especially if they've come from professional athlete, so they have a sense of kind of just entitlement. So that they're like, no one's going to treat me like that. Or if I'm a professional bodybuilder and I'm coaching somebody, I'm a professional bodybuilder, you can't talk to me like that. I'm going to turn on do this. Well, guess what? They will talk to somebody else, however, the hell they want in that given moment. And you have to have thick enough skin to deal with it. Because it's not all peaches and roses and rainbows. I'll tell you that. Oh, yeah. Sure you've dealt with that. Oh, yeah. That's cool. Because you learn that through going through the process kind of the way I laid it out. Like your family, they'll talk to you how they've always talked to you. So if you have your brother training with you, this is fucking stupid. You're stupid. I'm not doing this. So you learn the thick skin thing. You know what I mean? But you gotta go through the process. So yeah, for sure. All right. When is he? I'm assuming you getting a broccoli haircut to match other, quote, science-based guys. Well, we just talked about what science actually is in the podcast. So hopefully you watch that portion of it. Yep. So are you going to change the hair to go along with your science-based? I... Uh, speaking of being polarizing. Every comment I get about my hair, you buy this fucking thing six more months. Yes, it. So you're like 20 years annoyed already. The whole comment. That's it. That's. I don't even have a little hockey anymore because I want to. What's that? I don't even have any more because I want it. I don't think I've ever seen you not have it. No, I have this. I think it's like 18. Yeah, you've had. Has you accidentally just ever shaved it? I've shaved it. Yeah. Completely off. Yeah. Okay. But eating, but it came back. Yeah. And I just put it right back. You got it. And it was the longest you've ever gone without having your roll hockey. A few months? Okay. Yeah. Cause then it's like, did it help with the girls or did it hurt? Does it help with which one? With her without the hair. I think they like it. They like it. That's like a little. Oh. I handle. See a little handle bar. I can't even feel it. Come here. That's it. You know, my taste for the team is in Southeast Asia. They're in a little aggressive. Yeah. Yeah. You like a muscular or not? Yeah. You're like, it can't be. Not like hyper muscular. I'm not into that. You don't want anybody that's got to be in front of us. My clothes. Red. Yeah. Is my wife big? No, she's just a little Filipino after. Gotcha. He's always talking about how muscular chicks do it. Yeah, but I think she paralleled. Doesn't she? Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say, I thought he saw someone else. She got hugely. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. She had better calves than he does. Yeah. Probably. He's a little Filipino. Never. Never. That's it. All right. Bodybuilding with Aaron. Oh boy. Okay. Oh, wow. Okay. Let's see. What's the consequences of the guys? Is it is it coincidence that the guys Shitting on modern day bodybuilding are the ones who never want to show big show. It's very true. It's an unfortunate thing that I've run into lately with like placing that I've gotten. Mm-hmm. If you don't do as well as you would like more. You don't do like they already have in their mind. You're going to do bad and you get to get a you don't get first place. It could be anywhere from second to second to second. Mm-hmm. The same guys that I see. Here's here's this is the archetype. It's dad. With I love Jesus Christ and his bio. Who talks about love and his bio. And has like a mediocre physique. I have been shit on by like 10 of those dudes in the last couple weeks. Really? It's insane. What the fuck is wrong with you? Well, just how you teach your child to act. I don't know. It's a weird archetype man. I've seen it so much. You're just not happy with your life. Yeah, of course. And I try so hard to ignore it. But again, when I talk about like coming at me, you're going to come at me. I'm coming at you 10 times harder. Like I'm tired of this. Like people getting away with shit on social media stuff. Yeah. And I'm just going to put it out of this. Can I be honest with you? Yeah. I guarantee you. I don't know if you've not very seen this or not yet. But most of the time when you go back at them, they go ahead and meet it that way. And I was going to say that. They say, if you like, I'm just giving you a critique. If you can't handle criticism, I don't have social media. I'm like, no, you said Jared feathers of fucking clown. And I can't wait to see how bad he does at the show. Right. That was a critique. That was a criticism. And then you got your boy involved. Yeah. Who's like, he's just giving you an honest critique man. And I'm like, the initial comment was your fucking clown. Right. You think that's a criticism? I can handle criticism. Right. If you said your back is small and you need to bring it up. I would be like, hey man, I'm a professional bodybuilder. Look, my physique every day. I've already thought about that way more than you have because it keeps me up at night. But thank you for the criticism. Right. That would have been the end of the conversation. Right. But you're not criticizing me. You're being a dick. You can't handle that I put you in your place. Yeah. You can't do that. It's insane. It's insane. But the thing is, as much as I've gotten it, Chris usually has nothing but good things spoken about them. But I guarantee you with this following. He has way more fucking people doing that to him than I do. Hmm. Somebody no matter how well, how bad you're doing, hate your ass. Yeah. And you just gotta accept it. The more popular you get on social media, I've seen people say in like the science based these fucking kids community, like I told you, honey, and everybody's in a shit. Right. He's dumb. Like just straight out like that. And if you were like, hey man, like why do you think I'm like dumb and like I don't really know that much? You're just kind of like a 17 year old kid and maybe you don't know as much as you think? You're like, well man, I was just giving you a criticism. Yeah. Like not. Yeah. You were being an insulting asshole and you, I called you out and now you're caught. Yeah. So they're very used to getting away with the shit. So I've learned to like, just put it down. Put it away. You're going to come out of plightly usually. Yeah. The other thing is to, this is my philosophy. If someone is really coming out to be able to come on your social and they're going to turn around and to get giant shit in your living room, they don't deserve to be in your house. Yeah. And I'm not just turning around and be like, okay, didn't you should either unfollow me or block them or whatever because I was straight. Or straight. I love whatever it is, right? And again, what luckily again, again, I tell people if you engage, then people know that you're going to engage. So I think that people are going to, exactly. He'll take, they want to banter because they're bored. Yep. Right. So I'm too busy for that shit. Exactly. And that's why I just do that. Do you know about this? No. If you restrict somebody, they are able to still leave comments and stuff and nobody sees you. Oh, I think I've seen that. I have seen that. It's the best that's right. Because all like unhide their comment just so I can see it. Because you can still view the shit. Okay. Nobody else sees it. And they're just yelling into the ether. So now they have to in their brain. Nobody agrees with me. How come nobody's liking my comments? Nobody's liking my comment. Because they see their comment like it's posted. And then now they have to roll around in their brain that nobody agrees with anything they're saying. Because nobody else can see the comment. And even though somebody else might like the comment. Sorry, bud. That's fine. Something like fuck. I'm just being a dick at this point. Definitely. Definitely. Oh my god. Let's. Okay. Oh, okay. We got Aaron. We got something else that he wanted to mention. Can you talk a bit on what the data shows around the intro workout nutrition? Sure. Yeah. Honey, you own the submen line, man. You want to talk about it a little bit? No, I want to know what you think. Because again, I'm biased because I own the company. And again, I talked a little bit about again, we touched on a little bit, especially intro workout, right? With I feel like it's minimizing. If it's not building, it's minimizing muscle breakdown. But let's go ahead. It's also getting the contractors ready for the build. Yeah. You don't have that ready. You're postponing the process of muscle growth. That's right. You're getting the contractors ready. You have the available nutrients plus the fast-acting sugars, which I like gatorid law. I like what you put in your, yeah, the carbulum base. Yeah, yeah. Gatorators just like, I mean, it was developed by sports scientists in the 1980s for the Florida Gators. It's really good. And it's cheapest fuck. Was it 80s or 60s? Am I going to 60? I think it was like 60s. Yeah. And it's great. Take a look at the, can you look at what you hear was, it was gatorid developed. Yeah. I was like 80s or 60s. But it fast-tracked that process and it supplies some, some fast-acting sugars for the workout too. So you can maintain longer, you can get more contraction. Yeah. Yeah. 65s. Yeah. Yeah. 80s. I was in high school in the 80s. Yeah. 65s crazy. But there's a pyramid of shit. You can get a lot of money to pay attention to. Right. And consistency encompasses the pyramid. That's the main thing. You have at the bottom because the bottom is the biggest portion. And we go with whether you are hyper, hypercloric. Your calories matter the most. And then from there, we get into the macronutrients. And that's about 60% of body cop goals and what you're going to look like, or maybe 70% and then we have nutrient timing. And then after that we have food composition. So sorry, naturalistic phallus, he people. That's like 5%. And then we have supplementation, which is like a good 2 to 1%. And as long as you get the big things right, and nutrient timing is for me, especially for pro-body builders, it's definitely one of them. Yeah. You have most of it right, you have 90%. And focusing on really my new chit-lice supplementation things like that until you have this stuff down, kind of blows my mind a little bit. So if you're not having carbohydrates, it's a periwork out. It's just better. Pre-entreposed. Having your carbs there is better for muscle growth. It's very well backed by science. A tonsilliter is shown on this. And that's why it's a workout drink exists. And I think they're a phenomenal thing, especially for like, let's hear in a Durans athlete. They're really a phenomenal thing. Yeah. Durans. And if you have super long workouts. And we are body builders with 1 to 2 sometimes multiple sessions a day. And your workouts are fucking dope, man. And I've been using them since I was 20. Yeah. So we were using a carb-based with some type of essential amino acid protein. Yeah. I do way protein. Yeah. Because you can supply the fractional synthetic rate instead of just muting the breakdown. And I want to get the readily available proper amino acids that we talked about losing in the system for the recovery process. And that's, have you noticed different types of protein? Because again, when you're drinking protein during the workout. Yeah, you want the least amount of fat possible. So I should check. Amazing. So I'll make some ice-to-ject whether it's like my ice cream flavor with like some blue gatorade. Really good. I might used to do like red gatorade with the chocolate protein because it tastes like a touchy pop. Yeah. All kinds of fun. You got all the craziness from that red 40. It's literally insular red 40. And you get 80Ds because you're ready for it. I wasn't born with it. Maybe lean. No, yeah. Interwork out nutrition is from a body-building perspective. From a high level of perspective, it is important. If you're a geochmo business owner, five kids wife at home, you want to look good naked. You don't kind of, don't worry about that nuance unless you have everything else figured out. 100%. Now the other thing I'm going to add to that too is some of you that are listening to this are going to really take it for face values sake. I want to do what it produce. This is where you don't want to do what it produce because most of you out there are trying to just get in shape. Yep. And if you're trying to get in shape, adding in extra carbohydrates when they're not needed is not good for you. Because number one, you're going to have, you don't want the insulin spike. You don't want it. You just want it to be able to just kind of keep your blood sugar down and be able to utilize calories. I feel like it's really important that you're just basically trying to get a good workout in and not, you don't, you can't utilize the carbohydrates at an efficient manner when you're not a real good, good shape. I feel like some people that are in, you know, get that's one of the reasons I don't currently use on my used to, but I don't currently use parer workout carbohydrates. Right? I'll have a meaner. Yes. I'm not just in. And just because I don't feel, you know, I don't, my body is very sensitive to carbohydrates. I get a blood sugar spike really, really quickly. And as I'm putting on more muscle back on, that I've lost throughout the years, the decades of me, you know, not being able to, you know, do the workouts like I used to and not eat like I used to. For decades, I haven't done, there were times where I was doing one meal a day if I was lucky, right? Because it's just like, okay, my body just just chewed off all of my muscle. And being able to put that back on is going to allow my body to be able to get through like a metabolic syndrome that I created, right? So if you are somebody like myself that's just, you know, training four times a week, three times a week, four times a week, and I'm trying to build up to five times a week and being able to keep myself more and more active, put muscle back on. And you're trying to focus on trying to lean out a bit. I think you've got to be careful with the amount of carbohydrate to intro workout. That's the only thing, like again. Yeah, I think from the added nutrients perspective, for sure, from a blood insulin perspective, it's likely the opposite because there are glut mechanisms in place and glut four proliferates to the area when you train with weights. And it actually reduces blood sugar content and it helps to pull in carbohydrates. Yes, it's tissue. So that's why they tell type one diabetes because it's completely broken mechanism, glut four soul proliferates from weight training, weight resistance stuff. And they say to help keep that in check, if you train, you might be able to have a little bit carbohydrate because of that process. Yes, it reduces the blood sugar spike. But again, the added nutrient thing and just trying to be in shape and look good naked, you probably don't need those in because even me, when I'm two weeks out in my carbs at a hundred and I get hungry, you think I'm putting that in a fucking intershade? No, I mean, oatmeal man. That shouldn't stick. Yeah, it looks something that's going to be a substance. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't want to sit there. So it's still periwork out, but it's just pre-imposed usually instead of the intro. I'll have like a protein shake during maybe some crystal light, put some stuff in there. But I said, yeah, I used one of the sweetness. I'm adding crystal light. That's the first I've ever heard somebody adding crystal light to protein because you want to even be even sweeter. 100%. Yeah, because I'm used to taste during my workout. That's crazy. Yeah, so I get like the fruit punch crystal light and I'll put it in some chocolate. What's the maximum amount of protein you think of person can absorb? It's a great question. If you're asking about four muscle proteins synthesis, there's a potential top, but it's not what people say. If you're asking about absorption and general to the body, there doesn't seem much as a cap. So like the diet you see with 300 grams of protein in shit, there is a process that occurs called gluconeogenesis, really, you're converting the protein to, like, I call them ghetto carbs. Yeah. So you're basically utilizing those carbohydrates, you're bringing it up your brain. Yeah, so it's like, yeah, you could do that if you want. Instead of that, I just prefer more carbohydrates. So my protein diet is generally going to go up like 250 as a 220 pound male. I do like the 1, 2, 1.5 deeper in the prep. No, no, I'm not. I'm at 1. Like at 1, in one sitting carbohydrate. I'm sorry. Sorry, 1.1 to 1.5 grams per pound of body weight protein. For the day is something I don't really exceed, but if I were to mall that into two meals, because I missed all my meals, you're getting all that protein still. Yes, you're getting it. You're absorbing it. There's other things than muscle going on in your body that need protein. Sure. And people don't realize that. When they hear it, they think, well, I can only absorb this much protein for protein synthesis. What are you talking about? You can't have 50 grams of protein. It's like, do this other shit going on. And you're going to absorb it, especially if you've been under Fed. Yeah. Or if you're on gear. Exactly. Yeah. And gears, a weird one, because I don't know where I fall on this just yet. I've gone back and forth. Protein utilization goes up when you're on gear, which technically means protein can come down. But because also it's more anableness than happening, you might need more. So it might just even itself out a bit, or you might need a little more. So I'm like, I'm on the fence on that one. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I'll look into it more. Yeah. I believe that there is a up-rothreshold. Yeah. That's my personal opinion and just from being able to... In one sitting. Yes. I think in general, I think, again, when I design my diets, whether it's like getting ready for show off season, I usually go off of how much muscle tissue and how... Yes, what does that count? Right. But how... Where they're out in their prep. So if it's pre-contest versus off season, right? The color can take us higher in off season. And then you're a color deficit, then I tend to bring up my protein, right, for my athletes during the coloric deficit. Oh, okay. I thought you meant pre-contest. Yeah. Well, you know, going into the show, like having the protein levels higher, that's not an issue. Yeah, plus and off season, like, you know, all that protein, you can get me? Yeah, I'm not getting that down. Yeah, well, that's because, yeah, you can make it up with carbs. And even if you have a super-fast metabolism, I super-high believer in, you know, really good fats, adding a lot of good fats. But I think that the biggest thing is just now is like, where, you know, you couldn't do more than 25 grams of protein in one sitting or 35, or whatever. I think that's been deep-long. I think there was a study that was shown there was like up to 100 grams of protein. So I say it doesn't seem that there's enough for them? Yeah. Yeah, somewhere. Somewhere. It's kind of like training volume. Right. Like there's the law of diminishing returns. You might need to do five sets for a 2% change. But if you're a professional bodybuilder, you're doing the extra five sets. You don't get a fuck. Right. And that's why I see with all these TikTok and low volume programs, like, most you aren't that, most of you who I talk to and who, like, we're teaching, you're gin pop. Right. If you want to get the hell in and get out? Hell yeah, dude. Low volume training. Low, do some low volume. Get in there, get a stimulus. You'll have to eventually increase volume at tad. Yeah. But if you're a child, look at the kids. Yeah. That's why you should be able to play multiple types of programs. I know. When I used to do my F-S-E-7 training, it was a combination of hit with high volume, not quite German volume, high volume, but a combination thereof. And then even in the app, when I'm creating like a progressive overload, right, in the app, what I'm doing is I'm just trying to teach people what progressive overload even is. And then be able to be able to utilize those things, right? Or if you're doing something with like arm training and being able to build arms up, saying, okay, we're going to do arms twice a week. Here's a program for you for six weeks to be able to do arms twice a week. And then here's the rest of the splits, right? But you're not turning around and speaking in absolute. So you're like, here is a guide. Here's a guide. No, it's a simple truth. Chances are, you're going to get something from it, right? Exactly. And it's just following anything because most people just need a bit of just handholding to be able to get them to be able to give them structure. And that's what it really turns into, is giving them structure and then teaching them just some of the principles to be able to get to the next level and break-pap, platos. But I think what the protein thing, it's interesting because again, protein is such a hot topic right now because of all the GLP ones. Everybody like, you know, you're getting like that wasting effect because people aren't eating because it shuts down your appetite so much. And then you turn around and like, okay, doctors are like, bring protein, e-protein, drink protein, you know, they're having more<|pl|>. Yeah, exactly. So you can be able to actually hold on to muscle or put on some muscle depending on kind of where you're at. Yeah, but that's a thing. That's why you can't go to any checkout counter without some kind of protein drink somewhere or a protein fortified, you know, donuts and pretzels and whatever else. You know, so it's just interesting. It's me as a bodybuilder, so. Yeah, yeah. Even though it's mostly because of that. Like, hell, yeah. Protein. Absolutely. Absolutely. So we got, let me see, I think there was one more question from Aaron. It's one of those things where I want to give him the ability to, let's see if they can all see because that's what he was on. Let's see. These questions aren't like, they're just like things that I've rented him about. And he just wants everybody else to go to the ranch. No, I think we actually got muscle. No, we're good. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. No, we got, we got all of them. Time for some polarizing shit. Yes, one last thing we're going to end off the show with is the fact that we are going to talk about Natties, fake natties and everything in between. I do feel very, very strongly about this because again, as I competitive athlete when I was competing, right? I think we had, like, as much as 14 guys in my class. You know, if I were a man naturally down in Culver City at the PCI and right naturally. And one of the things that was very, very keen on was the fact that you know, you get to the point where you're like, I'm natural. It's great. But I do think there are some really shitty fake natties. Yeah. But I also think that there's rhetoric of this whole thing about just even, what's your opinion on this whole thing with fake nattie, nattie? I mean, what's your thoughts on it? Again, first and foremost, as somebody who thinks control over other decisions is the dumbest thing in the fucking world, I don't care what you do. As somebody who actually has a moral and ethical landscape, if you lie about it, to make gain and profit, your piece of shit. And that's kind of as far as my thoughts extend besides people spending way too much time on it. You're never, ever, ever. You could be 40 years old chasing an IPU program on two grams of tests. And half of you will never look the way me and honey did as natural, because you don't have the genetic. Yeah. That is you better than me, but yeah. That was okay. But still under the start, got there guys. But you're right. Sometimes across the United States, it will never believe that you are natural, because they have been taking gear for 25 years. There's still not a pro, and they can't go for shit, because they do everything wrong, and they think they're doing everything right, and they're just on tons of antibiotics. And they're not responding to them the way that somebody else would. Right. Genetics are the biggest factor in all this. Yeah. The fucking biggest, not antibiotics. Right. If you're genetics, because so many things going to genetics people don't talk about it. We talked about injury resilience. We talked about how well you handle the former call gene. That comes from a psychological perspective as well. Yep. Like some of the shit messages you up, Miran. Yeah. I've seen guys ruin the lives. Yep. How well you grow muscle? How well you respond to different nutrients? Because some people like legit just have diabetes. They can't even can't even get any. I'll write straight for helping with muscle growth. There's a lot that goes into it, man. And constantly comparing your natural, because you're natural, and you don't believe that. You can do this. I'm like sorry, man. You live in India and you don't have to. You should be a software engineer. Yeah. As one example. Hey, look, there are some guys in India that have diabetes. It's the same type. It's the same type. You told the way to the other. But if I'm only the one that's going to India, you know. I got it. So yeah. Yeah. We had a three or four different speaking. Yes. And I watched, I watched high level natural bodybuilding over there. Okay. It was impressive. Yeah. The point in that is like genetics exists. Yeah. And there are certain ethnicities that are hard gainers. Yeah. And my African American friends in St. Louis. If I put any of them on a any fucking program. Yeah. They're going to be huge. Like there are dudes walking around with delts over there. Uh huh. That just do nothing but sell drugs for a living. And you're like, that guy's fucking shredded what? What's he do? No, man. I don't know the shit. Like why do you look like that? Genetics are real man. And like if I call that not being able to talk about a shit. We're sports scientists. It's just science. It's cool to tell us. Like it's like this is the cool shit I ever to talk about. Yeah. And like if you realize you are a hard gainer. But you just still love this shit. I'm not telling you to give up. I'm just telling you you're never going to look like how I did as a natural. You're never going to look like how honey did as a natural. But to call everybody better than your physique best naturally. Somebody is for sure taking into Bollocks. Dude, shut up. Yeah. Like we're not all the same person. No. We're not all going to gain the same rates. And that's like getting a fake ID and being in a teenage class when you're 21. I mean, that is some weak ass shit. Yeah. And that's why it's like if you have to turn around and claim that. Just to try to get more views because you're trying to get into the kiddie pool. So you're the biggest kid in the kiddie pool. Yeah. Dude, I know a fit model pro who turned pro at a natural show on steroids. Okay. Fit model honey. Fit model. What the fuck are you doing? Yeah. What are you doing? That's pathetic. Those girls were natural and they're all like the skinny little bit of women who know that they're hard gainers and you took steroids. So you could beat them for a fit model pro card. Go to the beginning and go to the hands show. What are you doing? That kills me. That's insane. That kind of shit. It is. It's morally fucked. And if you're somebody who's going to claim natural, especially if you can be the natural shows, you suck. You suck if you're on shit. Yeah. I don't like that stuff. Yeah. But I'm not going around. And assuming everybody telling me that they're not on shit with a good physique, I'm not assuming they're on shit. Why would you lie to me about that? Because people tend to lie. And the problem is that you're on the same way. Like I'm sure they do. Turn around. I remember David Butler had the same situation. Where I said, look, man, I need you to make sure you're 100% like I'm putting my reputation on it. You're not taking anything. I never take anything. I never did this. And then more I get to know the kid. And I'm like, no. So I'm like, okay, because they're in a piss test. You're going to piss test you. Because 100% are going to piss test you. Yeah. And he's not a polygraph. It's not this. It's not that's going to be a piss. He's like, okay, no problem. You know, again, 18, 19 years old. No problem. And then I had to scare them a bit. Like, you know, I'd probably want to podcast. And I scared the shit. I said, I will absolutely catch you. And I will tear you up if I find out that you like. But it was, you know, again, he was a good example. But there's people out there that just they don't care. They just want to cheat because, you know, she or she. And it's like, no, man, it's just if you're going to do it, go go do it with the big voice. 100% no point. There's good. No problem. Yeah. Obviously there's a lot of people out there. What you get is your choice. Yeah. But it's just it sucks to turn around and be able to do that. And feel like you've accomplished something when you're beating a bunch of people that are not. Yeah. So you had that same thing with him and I had it with Tristan. Nobody released Tristan's natural, Tristan in person. You look at him. He's 150 pounds and you're like, okay, makes sense. He's five six. He's literally your metrics on like, if you were going to say it right now, same metrics. He's way more shred than I ever was. Same metrics. Yeah. I don't know if it's the end of the day. Yeah. In one side got to know Tristan was like, this kid's not lying because he doesn't know anything. I'm saying what I talk about. It's like crazy. But blasting people, you know, but blasting people on social media constantly who somewhat do seem a bit prideful in the natural stuff. And you can tell it kind of gets to them. I don't know why that person would like to me. Maybe they are. Maybe they're not. Way to like a cot man. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. And I'm going to not trust you anymore. And you wrote a relationship in your life. And that's your followers. Yeah. You man. Like I don't know. That sucks for you. I'm not going to go ahead and say because this person is so passionate about their natural status. There's no way their natural look at that physique. Well, most of these guys you see them. I've coached the best natural bodybuilders in the world. I have multiple world champions. I know what it looks like at a high level. And genetics exist. And they are the most important thing. Isn't kind of your intern pro natural or something? Yeah. I think he did. And I for a hundred percent Ronnie Coleman did. And he did not get a call out. But he ended up getting on that stage. When at the time you do in the world championship. And then you would get automatic in bite to the Olympia. Yeah. And he didn't get a call out. They forgot to call them out. Yeah. Because he didn't look impressive enough. But he made it to the stage there. And then obviously things change after that. The type of shit exists. Yeah. Like it exists. There's the 1% of the 1% of the 1%. Yeah. Those guys that have 20 insurance before they even walk in the damn gym. And have 19 insurance before they walk in the gym. And you know, there are going to be 3-4 inches. Yeah. No, you know, it's crazy. So for me, the whole Nadir not stuff. Like I'm never, you're never going to see me do like videos on that show. I'm just, do how care. I don't care. If he's lying, he's a piece of shit. You're going to find out in five years, whatever. Yeah. All right, guys. Thank you so much, Jared. We had all the questions answered. We were absolutely hammered with our workout yesterday. So again, guys, if you haven't seen the workout, you definitely want to go check out the workout. We did, by his and tries together. And again, always a pleasure, brother. Yeah. Thank you for causing me. It was a good one. Yeah, I think it's going to get a lot out of this. You got, this was his therapy session. His therapy session. His therapy session. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Honey and Rambad. Jared Feather. That's the truth.