Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, honey Rambad, and I'm here with a new Q&A. That's right, it's been a while guys. I apologize things have been absolutely crazy, but I do want to be able to catch up with you. So let's go ahead with no further ado, question number one. Where is Hottie Chopin? I've had that was the number one question in my Q&A in my Instagram feed, and the key to that question lies within the government services department at the State Department. We are just waiting anxiously. There is a lot of things going on, obviously. It's been a very, very hectic year when it comes to politics, especially in the Middle East, with a lot of things that we're going on. And these athletes are waiting around. I mean, we have Hottie Chopin, we have Bayerouz. There's a lot of athletes even besides them from other countries. And things are just, unfortunately, just have been slowed down this year a bit. Normally, yes, Hottie would already be here, preparing for the Mr. Olympia, but he's waiting patiently while he's training, focused, doing whatever he can to keep his attention on the prize, which is trying to win the Mr. Olympia in 2025. So we're going back and forth every day. We are just waiting patiently for the rest of the paperwork to come through, but it is definitely, definitely stressful. And many of you have asked me, how stressful is this? Oh, it's stressful because it's obviously not in our control. But we do know that things are working behind the scenes, so we're trying to be as patient as possible. We're just over four weeks out, and we're just waiting for that document to come through. That says that he gets his visa and get him here, state side so that he can get ready for the 2025 Mr. Olympia. Obviously, the Mr. Olympia competition this year is going to be very, very good. You are, if you don't have your tickets, please go out there and get your tickets before it's sold out. I'm sure that there's probably different, could be the finals. I think that usually sell out first. And it's one of those things that you definitely want to be able to attend if it's financially, good for you. If you can't because of just cost or just, it's just travel prohibitive, then obviously there's also the paper view that you can always head over to the Mr. Olympia site and be able to download and watch live while it goes on. Friday night is going to be the pre-judging. Then obviously Saturday evening is going to be the finals. Many people have asked me about this year mentioning the fact that they're going to go into a qualification. I'm going to go ahead and put that for another podcast because I do want to talk about it. But overall, I feel like it's very positive because the Mr. Olympia originally was just a men's division. There was a women's division. Now there's many, many divisions, both on the men's and women's side and it's grown tremendously where you have up to 60 plus people in certain divisions. I remember coaching Seabomb a couple of years ago and I believe he was number 59 in classic. And I'm sure the men's physique could have been even bigger. So these divisions have grown tremendously. And it's a testament to the sport, but it also, I believe, does take a little bit away when you have that many competitors because you end up getting fatigue when it comes to the judges, the audience and all of the things that go along with it. Also costs. I'm sure that Mr. Olympia organization originally never planned on having this many competitors paying for them to be flown in and being able to put them up. And even though the whole divisions have gotten bigger and the industry has gotten bigger, it is still a business. So therefore I do believe this is the right move. I think there always could be some massaging depending on what happens next year. But I do feel like it is very positive when it comes to this new decision of having to qualify. So I do want everybody to know that I am definitely 100% on board with that because I would love to see smaller divisions so that they can turn around and be able to spend a little more time on stage as well. And I feel like the focus and the flow is going to be just better overall. So again, you guys let me know in the comments below what you feel or how you think this is going to turn out. But I do think it's going to be very positive for the sport. So again, that was a really good question. I do think that next time I see Tyler Manion or he's going to be here in Dallas, I'd love to be able to talk to him a little bit more about that getting ready for the next Mr. Olympia competition that's going to be coming up in 2026. But on to the next question, honey, what do you think of Nick Walker? How do you think he's going to do? Honestly, I feel that it was very, very close between Nick Walker and Derek Lundsford when it came to Pittsburgh. I feel like Derek was off compared to how he looked at the Arnold, but he just had just enough to edge him out, meaning Nick from that show. But it really could have went either way. I think the audience sentiment I agree with, it definitely was a coin flip at that point. And I felt like Nick brought in his best package ever. So he really pushed Derek, but it was a very close competition. Derek came out on top there, came it from a, having momentum at the Arnold Classic where he looked phenomenal. And I feel like now it's all about resetting. Every show is only as good as your previous. So now going into this, it doesn't matter how anybody looked at the previous show. It's all going to be re-judged from scratch going into this year's Mr. Olympia. So it's going to be a banger. You got, again, hopefully, hot he can show up so he can be a part of this as well. But you have Samson who had just guest posed. I feel like that is also going to be a really good look for him. He's pushing himself, trying to come in his best conditioning. And you have Derek, you have Nick Walker. I think the black horse is good veto. I think he's also a person that could be really up there and in the mix. And there's going to be some other people that are going to start putting out more and more updates that you're going to see that could be up in there in the top 10. Also, Behru's, we don't know what's going on with him. He's in the similar situation as Hottie, even though Hottie has been here since 2019 every year for the Olympia, Behru's has yet to be able to come over here. So again, every individual has her own visa file. There's other questions that may be going on internally with the State Department as they're reviewing their files to see why or why not when it comes to giving someone a visa and you're only the people that are opening up that file really know. And those are the people that are the decision makers on who's coming. So at the end of the day, when people ask me to be able to help a particular athlete, they're already in the system. So therefore, it's just a matter of figuring out what exactly they're asking for and are they answering the proper questions when they have doubt or they have doubt, they're going to be looking through that folder and being able to say, excuse me, you know, athlete X, we see A, B and C. Could you please give us the more information on this? And usually that's what the case is. And then you have to be able to give them as much detail as possible. So therefore, they can make an informed decision on whether they're going to let you into the country. But again, I'm sure country by country, you know, constantly by consulate, slightly different requirements, depending on who's opening up that file. And basically, your track record of traveling has a lot to do with it, too, because they're going to want to know if you've been to certain countries and who you've met with and what's going on, so that you're all above board. There's a lot of scrutiny that goes into these visas, especially now with the state of the global politics and everything else that's going on. So again, these are very difficult things because we cannot turn around and with the click of our fingers, fix things because half the time we don't even know what the issues may be. But all I know is I'm praying that the athletes are all able to compete because at the end of the day, it would really, really bother me to not be able to continue to see the best body builders in the world stand on stage together. So we're all praying that these guys all come together on stage so that we can have the best show possible because that's all we want to see. Go out there and see these guys battle up on stage with the best physics on the planet. So that was a really good question. Good luck to Nick Walker. I know he's looking like a monster. You got Samson Douda. You got Derek. You also have Haudi who's just, you know, blasting away those weights. Seeing those Instagram posts again, I can not wait to see him. Even though I did retire last year. Obviously, I'm still very, very involved and I've been a fan ever since being a kid and wanting to be able to support our athlete, Haudi Chopin, and Eavision athlete, but also just being able to support all of these people to be able to come out here is something that I really wish I could be able to just click my fingers and be a part of. But unfortunately, I do not have that kind of power I wish I did. But unfortunately, there are going to be some people who just aren't going to be able to make it. But I hope that does change, especially this year. So okay, onto the next question. Next question is from Ant. Ant is asking, is coaching really that stressful where you needed to retire? Absolutely. It's not because of the fact that it's so stressful. I'm actually used to the stress. I feed off the stress. I love stress even though it doesn't always love me. But ultimately, it took away from being able to spend as much time with my family. So again, you guys are going to see that my priority is my family now. So my son is only going to be 12 years old once, right? And I don't have any other kids. And I do not want to be able to regret not being able to spend time with him, whether it's in the gym, whether it's going to his football games or being present, because of constantly in my last 30 years, being on the phone, whether it's being with the athletes, checking in on athletes, having them check in with me, updating, you know, looking at photos, looking at nutrition plans, updating nutrition plans, updating training plans, whatever it is, it was constant because it's an obsession, especially for me. So that's what I really wanted to step away from. Who knows what happens down the road. But for now, I really feel like about made the best decision possible. And now, honestly, I'm just looking forward to the 2020 survival of Mr. Olympia so I can get out there and see everybody. But being able to shoot content with many types of athletes now, because not having to do prep allows me to be able to do more training videos. So that's why I've been able to work with a lot of different kinds of athletes that I've been posting about on my YouTube and being able to do that here at my gym and Dallas. And being able to give you guys more of these is what I'm looking forward to. So again, it wasn't because of just the stress, it was because of the commitment. And right now, my priorities, my family. Okay, next question here, we have from Dr. Mike, is it, I think Dr. Mike Riley, what Pnotta machines have you seen help people grow the most? And then another follow-up question to from him is also your favorite Pnotta pieces of equipment or slash machines? So Dr. Mike, the question is a very good one. The ones that I feel like benefit the most, the back pieces. And not only because of the fact that the other ones are not as good, it's because the back pieces are very tricky when it comes to me, I'm able to manufacture and get my muscle connection. And I have felt that it was very, very difficult from the other manufacturers to be able to create good, mind muscle connection with their pieces. And I feel that Pnotta and Rudy, when he put these together, the biomechanics are superior. That's why I feel like the high row the mid row, they call it circular or the converging mid row, it's almost like you're doing the with the pad, where you feel like you're doing a Christmas tree pose. You get such great contraction on that machine. It feels phenomenal. The high row and you can change how much supination, risk supination you have to be able to get that lower lat to contract this phenomenal. And then even the basic pull down and it's converging, it feels like you're doing a back double biosep pose. So a lot of the other machines are very linear. They go straight up, straight down. Okay? And again, I trained off of hammer strength for most of my life. So it's very, very linear, straight up, straight down, straight back, straight forward. They're good pieces of equipment. But when you really want to create a really good contraction and you feel like you're almost doing a pose while doing a pull down, like the back double biosep and you're doing a pull down with a pinotapiece, it's very, very different. So that's where I get really good mind muscle connection and I get a ton of muscle soreness because even at that peak contraction, you just feel like you just contract even harder than you would on a basic piece of equipment. Or you feel like your arms are kicking in much more than your back on a basic piece of equipment versus a pinotapiece. That's why if I had to choose one body part, off of pinotapiece is of equipment, I would choose back. But I also really, really love the super squat because I feel like it really takes a lot of pressure off of my back, but I can still feel it in my glutes, hands, quads as I go down and you get really deep. That's another one that I post about all the time. But again, those are my favorite, but if I had to pick one body part, it would be back equipment from the pinotal line. So again, very good question. Definitely definitely let me know what you think down below. If you've tried Pinota, tell me your favorite pieces in the comments below. I'd love to hear your opinion. Just a reminder, right now you can go ahead for just $1, you too can have full access to not only my programs, but to my exclusive podcasts. So again, for just a buck, use code, honey, yt. It'll give you full access to my FST7 app for the first month or just a dollar. All right, for the final question, we're going to go ahead and it takes a completely different turn. Kaden.06 asks me, what are your opinions on Charlie Kirk's death? Again, guys, if you followed me for any number of years, you know, I don't really talk about politics, but I do think this has nothing to do with politics when it comes to someone being assassinated. I do feel very, very sharp, strongly that this was absolutely wrong. It doesn't matter what side the aisle you're on. Someone's death to this degree of being killed in a public format, in a public forum is absolutely wrong. I feel very sad for his wife. I believe he has a one year old daughter and a three year old daughter and regardless of whether or not you agree with him or not, I do feel very, very strongly that this is going to resonate with many people and I know a lot of people are frustrated and they're frustrated because they feel like if someone's opinion is their opinion, but you don't agree with it, they shouldn't be shot and killed in cold blood. Unfortunately, there are some people out there that are celebrating this and I cannot see one single reason why. I feel very, very bad for his family, for his friends, his loved ones. Again, regardless of his politics, it's also 9-11 today as I film this 24 years since that tragedy, it's also happened. So again, in remembrance, God bless those that were affected, their loved ones and God bless America because it truly is the land of opportunity. I love you all. Thank you so much. I pray for you and please pray for the families that were affected. Love you.