I'm gonna attempt to try a new flavor here, but I have to untwist this cap for it. Well, let's not cry all we just did. So you guys are going to do this thing. We just got in here from a workout. In most of the time we do a podcast or something beforehand, but this time we're just kind of coming off the tail end of a workout. Yeah, you look pretty spent, brother. We didn't do legs or a back, but I'm here with Jared Feather and welcome. Thank you. Yeah. One year today since we did our last ones. Yeah. Yeah, it's been a minute. And then we had a couple of training sessions since then. Yeah, good stuff. Yeah. And we just got done doing what body part. I'm sorry. And I actually, I trained, which is great because I, you know, I'll do my transformation challenge getting consistent, which will be week six. For those of you that are in it, then congratulations. Week six is starting. But, you know, I, what was great was the fact that I was also doing it. And it got me to be able to create accountability. A hundred percent. And normally, I don't, I have so much stress during the Olympic that I don't have the ability to do that. Yeah. And, but I did get sick on week two when I went to the young Alay event and had a bunch of kids that came and, you know, they ended up getting me sick when we went to Miami. And then, I don't know, what was that Jacob like about a month ago, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go. Yeah. I did have it in the cool. Yeah. It was, it was very good event. You know, we had Jay, we had, you know, the trend twins. We had, you know, the whole posse. But I just remember like two days later, I was just like, oh, man, you know, like, in the chest, they had little achy. And I'm like, you know, the nature of the beast man. That's what I travel, especially when you're, you started dieting. You were doing a transformation challenge. Yep. Second, you went high book a lot of your, you know, you just some shot. Yeah. I'm going to catch whatever these kids have. What was funny is now I think about it every time I try to go back again for those of you that don't know, yes, I'm 50 now. Last show I did was 25 years ago. Well, yeah, I was 25 of my last show. Just 24 actually. Just about to turn 25. My last show, then I tore my ACL and then I just went 100% in coaching. But one thing that I realized from then till now is that every time I try to go back on track. And we talked about this in the workout. So you guys are going to want to watch the workout because we discussed a lot of things. I just just arms torturing. Jared's arm. I'm going to be breathing heavy and lean it over machines. Doing bicep and tricep. The thing that comes to mind is the fact that I would always get sick after a big leg day and starting back up because it taxes your system so much that whatever was in the air, whatever was on the machines, you know, any kind of viruses, any cold viruses, flu viruses, always catch after legs. And it was like always not just not saying because I'm because of my inconsistency, right? Because I'm inconsistent and then I'd go back and I'd be like, okay, I'm going to train super hard. That's right. That's right. Because when you tax your system, that's what ends up happening. You end up taxing it to the point where your body either could possibly get hurt, especially the older you get. So that's why it's really important you do 70, 80% and then eventually building up to 90% and never really going to 100. And we can talk a little bit about that. But literally we're actually going to do this shake because you're killing my animal like window bro. Okay. So you got, I got cookie crisp and you have this flavor that. A brand new flavor. Yes, a brand new flavor. The new Dubai chocolate. That's right. The new, if you ever seen a Dubai chocolate ball bar, ball, it's a Dubai chocolate bar, which is chocolate with pistachio filling. That's what you're emulating. But you threw some unflavored glycogic for carbs in there. And I'm having cookie crisp. Oh, okay. I'm going to shake it below the table. Oh. Yes. We got cookie crisp and then you got Dubai chocolate. So maybe by the time you guys are listening to this, it will be online. Actually it will be probably. But imagine this and then you can drink a cream you already. You, you are a ninja creamy, you know, maniac. I love it man. Man, yeah. This guy. This guy. I love ice cream and it's just like it's such a nice hack. Do you have the old one or is there, there, there, there's a new one I haven't tried it. The new one is the soft serve. Is that good? You can do like this soft serve. Yeah, which one's better? I have the old one. I haven't seen this old one. You can, the new one you can do the old stuff on too. Which one do you use? I have the old one. The soft serve is fine but like you can make it, what's it called? Store bay or you can do frozen yogurt setting on the old one anyway. So it's like soft serve basically. It's very similar. Got you. Here we go. Dude, that's good. It tastes just like it. Bring the mic a little closer to you because I'm worried about it taste just like it. That's really good. You've had to do by chocolate, right? I actually, when I was in the Philippines. Okay. That guy like, it was in Dubai one of those weekends. And I was like dude my sister really loves that. You buy chocolate. Can you get her like a couple bars? So we brought him back. Oh my God. They're just trying to. Because I was basically in prep old. So we were in Switzerland and me came and nauseous. We went to the chocolate factory and we took a course on how to build you do by chocolate bars. So we have these kitchens and they have it like a standalone stand and there's probably about 10, 12 of them and couples or family members can get together and they give you the full like chef outfit and then they give you the chocolate and they give you the little trays on how to make them and then they do a course and we were there for like a two hour course and then you get to take home your chocolate that you make. That's cool man. Yeah. It was really really good. And then when I got home, I saw that even 7, 11 now has him for 20 bucks for one bar of chocolate. And it's really, I was expecting like a pistachio after taste. But the pistachio is like right away. Yeah. So literally it's exactly like it. Yeah. That's cool man. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't like coffee. I don't do the milk going. Yeah. I'm sure it's not terrible. No, it's good. It's just that you got to be coffee. You're trying about the cold brew. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We just had just enough that I gave you some of the pilot run and the cornered the next week. It'll be here. So like I said, if you guys are into Dubai chocolate, you definitely go to evegenutrition.com and check it out. I've been working on this Dubai chocolate project for the last three or four months. And can not wait to drop. So it's going to be dropping right before the Olympia here. But yeah, it talked to me man. How's it work out? I can't even tell you this lid. He's trying his lid right now. Like shake and trying to drink. No, it's great. I need to drop a lot of gyms and that workout. It's cool too because we worked out together. Usually you're seeing honey, you put somebody through a session. Yep. And we'll probably talk about a lot of this in the podcast, but you know, my background. We've done this before. Yep. And usually it's me putting people through stuff or you put in built-in stuff. So for two people to join together. Yeah. He tried to movement that I like doing something to work. That's cool man. So I think we're going to need a lot of that session. Yeah, see guys, you know, you have a, most of you, there's only probably a handful who've seen me actually train seriously like in the last, and that was probably over 25 years ago when I was competing. Again, for those of you that don't know, I was a natural bodybuilder. I would compete in the NPC Iron Man. That was that was my go-to show in Culver City. But there's so much that I just, again, didn't know. I train my ass off doing two hours of cardio, you know, 100% lifetime drive free. And then 150 pounds on stage. And, you know, train trained under eight. I really, really was scared to eat because we'll get trying to get lean. Howlories were very, very low like two low obviously. And I think the last show I did was 24 years old. And then I'm 50 now. So it was one of those things where now that I'm trying to reset and my priorities. I'm like, it's Sunday, let's, you know, let's train. Let me, let me get some stuff in. And again, I was in expecting to be able to do the whole workout with you. But I pretty much did the whole muscle whole workout. Yeah, I was just into flex sets. Yeah, exactly. Well, yeah, I say, you know, it's funny because even when it comes to taking supplements, I always think of it as an honor to be able to have the ability to do that. You can't, because there was a time where you couldn't afford it, right? You couldn't afford all the best stuff, right? And now even though I obviously have access to whatever I need, whether we make it or I eventually make it and I can bring the rosin. Yeah. I always think to myself, don't waste it if you're not going to be a hundred percent. Yeah. Really focus and serious about utilizing it. Yeah, doing like all hundred percent supplementation and then your diet is trash. Like what are you doing? Yeah. You're not getting the mic or nutrients from your finger food. Like your vegetables with your meals. You're not tracking your protein, but then you're like, well, I got to do. If you pay cue and I got to do this and I got to get the hydration. You're not even eating properly. Right. Right. Yeah. Well, you're getting back into it. Like you said, you'll start adding in some flex sets like later on. Yeah. Yeah. That's a new thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because you can't just go in because you know, you being a professional bodybuilder and most of the people I'm coaching a professionals are. No. Yeah. Now he just. I'll count it for later. Yeah. Now you're so growing, but I think that when you look at it, most of the people I coach or I train even just for a session are advanced. Right. Very seldom. Like, you know, the David Butler's where, you know, he was completely had never done a show before. Teenager, lifetime drug free. Yeah. Doing that or when I had the trend twins and we did a workout together in Miami and then we did another one here. We probably overlapped a lot. Collaboration wise. Yeah. Like, trend twins and all these guys, Tristan probably came down. I haven't, I haven't changed a count. No. No. No. No. No. We're waiting for Tristan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We did that one mass up to like 179 and he came down. I told him. Five. Maybe five, six, five. Okay. He's probably here. Okay. Yeah. And then is he, does he have to struggle? Does Tristan have to struggle to be that shredded? Or is he just naturally just, really, really naturally, naturally? Yeah. Just a reminder, right now, you can go ahead for just a dollar. YouTube can have full access to not only my programs, but to my exclusive podcasts. So again, for just a buck, use code, honey, yt. It'll give you full access to my FST7 app for the first month for just a dollar. He's got some kind of condition, man. I'm asking him to 17090, how does he put it? Wow. Yeah. He got to probably a good eight to ten, which is probably the fatest he's bad. He's been. Okay. And then he died down to like 160. And he was, blue trations. And he's kind of feel like he's kind of maintained that since then. Nice. Is he competing at all or not? I actually respect the absolute hell out of that guy because we started the prep. The 179 mass cutting down with intention of like, let's just get you natural pro part. Show everybody up your blab's drawn. And he's so in love with the process. And that's this what we preach all the time. That we got goot tracin Lee and I peaked him and everything. And I was like, do you want to do show? Like this is what it looks like. And he's like, you know what? Like, I don't need to do that to prove it to anybody. I don't have anything to prove myself. I don't feel like competing. It's not something I want to do right now. And I just respect all of that. Like I think it was a very smart decision. So did he get his pro court? He didn't compete. Oh, he used to sit. He just didn't want to. Yeah, he just wasn't. He just wasn't. I mean, I mean, I mean, I don't get respect for staying as lane. Exactly. Understanding it, not trying to go and force it because so many people do that. And that's it. And that's what I was like respect because if you either mentally, you hop on stage and you get second place. And then you're going to have shit talker. Tristan always has them anyway. Yeah, mentally, if that's going to put you in a negative space or if you just legit, it's just through the fact that you don't want to get on stage because like, you know, for like, you need that in your life, right, to for it to bring you any meaning, like we'd like for me, it's like the spirit journey thing where like I want to do the best I can. I want to eventually be on the only base stage. Yeah, I'm like, I'm an athlete, a heart. And that replaces, you know, like football or whatever I was doing in the past. And it's like he's so in love with that process, he just didn't need it. He was like, I'm good. I don't need to compete. I don't have shit to prove to anybody. So has he never competed before? Wow. I'm feeling he at some point he will. I agree. But I was because I was in the intention. Right. We had already discussed it and everything. And I was like, yeah, he's like, yeah, let's see how I feel at the end and he's like, and at this point in time, I'm good. And I was like, yeah, man in the future, do it. You know, if you don't want you now, don't do it. No point. Yeah, we got to get him out here. Yeah, you did my hair. And then yeah, with the, well, you were talking about like, I feel like we have a lot of overlap with people we've collaborated with. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. And like what we were talking about earlier was that, normally, you know, even last time I put you through a workout. But this time I'm like, no, let's, let's train together. And that way, I can get my workout in as well, you know, Sunday afternoon and, you know, you flew in for a couple of days off to ours. Yeah. Yeah. And then I was last night, so shout out to everybody who went out there and know, Evelyn Nick was there. Yeah. And had a great time. Was a good fight. It was also a super cool to see in person. Yeah. Legion Stadium. I already energy was just next level. 74,000, 480 attendees. That's just called 75,000. Yeah, it was a new record. That's insane. In saying 75,000. I saw all the videos of the VIP areas. And saying. And saying. Yeah. The energy, again, Nick texted me. So the energy was crazy. You told me as so many things that how amazing you're seeing. So amazing yesterday was last night. And the pre fights were good. And then, you know, the canelafite, like again, I would have liked to see it a little bit more of that canelow like this. You know, a little closer. But Crawford's a mate. Do he's so fast. He is so fast. And he's a little older than him. I think he's going to turn 38. And do the way he was the jab and the way he was snapping those punches. He's going to say more. Like he legitimately, by around 10, fought off more fatigue than caneladid. He didn't dig into himself. He should have Crawford was like, I'm not losing. He was, did you could see him? Like you could see it up close. The sweat, the lack of masculinity, how flat his muscles were. Like him, like kind of like he'd do this for a second. Like bring it up. But bring it up. You know, it's seeing like kind of, you have to bring it up. And due to it was amazing to see that, that like warrior spirit. Because it's like, that's a true battle. Yeah. We get on a fucking stage in bikini. And they're out there punching the face. And it's so like, that was true warrior shit. And it was cool as hell to see. Just caneladid. Had he noticed those little things? Yeah. Could have won that fight in the last few rounds. But Crawford fought every ounce of a teak and just took it. Yeah. Can't remember his name. Around four or five caneladid had a good round. And then Crawford came right back and didn't let him take that momentum. Well, caneladid had ring control the whole time. And then Crawford had better significant strikes. And then after the headbutt, I think caneladid, he might have been docked. And from there was just Crawford. Yeah. I think they get him a warning because it was unintentional. It was a warning because again, what happened was if you watched the fight, you had Crawford go back and forth from South Paul to regular orthodox dance. And so he kept going back and forth. And then when that happens, you tend to, sometimes, but heads because you're, you know, obviously it's angles. And caneladid's cutting him off. Yeah. You know, trying to cut off and make it make the ring smaller. So it was, it was a great fight. It was, it was a really, really good fight. And you know what's great about it is the fact that caneladid is so classy. After he won, and I've just haven't seen that in a long time. I've just seen a lot of nasaers and a lot of people that are just like, want to poop who everything because they didn't win. And again, having a legend do that is a true mark of sportsmanship. And I really applaud him for that because when guys get that big, it's really hard for them to swallow their pride and be able to do anything when it comes to being able to acknowledge the other person. Yeah, especially when it comes to sport like that. Yeah. You go into the match, hating each other. Straight, straight gladiators. I want to kill this guy. Yeah. Yeah. You could see that. It's a closest thing. Right between that and MMA. Those are the closest things you get to the old school gladiator style. It was cool, man. That was, it was electric. Seriously, a great time. Yeah. We're going to talk a little bit about what's going on. What's going on with you? What's going on with your clients too? Because right now you got Nick Walker just under four weeks out. So, you know, you're helping him with the workouts. How has that been going? Yeah. So me and Kyle ended up starting off doing Nick's training and dieting and stuff together. I put Kyle through workouts for about a week we can have with Nick. And then from there, Nick was like, Yeah, because he was competing too, right? You're just in the computer. Yep. And then they consolidated. So Kyle is doing everything now. Okay. And he's working off templates that we've given him. So, okay. Nick's doing the same stuff, same control, same like volume accumulations. And he's just over there in Jersey and they're doing their things. So, Kyle's with him. It's amazing. And they're just like, and trucking on man. That's, it's really cool. And Hosima. He, I'm not even, I'm not even lying. I think he's dark horse. Mm-hmm. The way his quads have come up, like over the last, I started working with him. I think it was right before Pittsburgh. Okay. Leading into Pittsburgh. And then he took a period where he grew for a little bit with his coach. And the cool thing is like his coach gets ready for weeks out. Okay. And then they feed into the show. Gotcha. Who does he work with? I guess. Which is the guy in Spain. Okay. He's with him every day. But gotcha. But it's cool because they keep me updated with all the other stuff. Okay. You know, the supplementation and the diet. And he messaged me. This is exactly what I'm doing. And then I know with that things that are a little more compromising for joints and tendons. And I can change variations. I can add an intensity technique to make sure he's safe. Yeah. The thing we talked about in the training with the League Extension is a versus the League Press. Yep. And it's a really cool circumstance because I haven't worked with somebody who gets people ready first and then feeds them up. Because now you're feeding them up and I can actually add in kind of more heavier compounds stuff. Gotcha. And his muscles are going to be a little fuller on stage. It's really cool because he's four weeks out now and he looks bigger than he did at six weeks out. Right? He was shredded to the freaking bone already. Gotcha. I'll show you his updates after this. Yeah. Same. He is going to be six. Four kilograms heavier than Pittsburgh. But leaner. Crazy. So great pounds. Yeah. And same. Yeah. So for those of you guys, make sure you bounce over and watch the workout. But Jared was talking about was that we were talking about the fact that pre-exhausting. I'm a huge proponent of pre-exhaust because it gives you the ability to hit a muscle without the feeling of tearing anything major because some of these guys are so strong that you have to be careful that you're not going to put them in a compromise situation when they can squat 600 pounds, 700 pounds. So what we do is going to dry as hell, going into a competition three weeks out. Yeah. I mean, hot he will still do it. But then we'll just compromise. It's like, you know, compromising situation. Literally saying, okay, we'll want to do a straight set with six plates. We'll do a strip set with six plates. So that way he feels good about still carrying some weight. But again, pre-exhausting, even that's still with pre-exhausting. So when you pre-exhaust, you really cut down the likelihood of getting hurt because you're trying to be able to target that muscle group. So for instance, for instance, leg extension, right? When we're doing leg extension before going into a leg press or any kind of squat, you're not going to be able to squat as much. Well, the nice thing about that is you still get a lot of benefit from it, but you don't. You end up taking away a lot of risk. So the risk reward tends to inverse when you turn around and start to go straight into a heavy compound. So we talked about that while we were training. So again, it's really important so that not everyone is built to train at a crazy heavy, not only a mount, but level. People want to turn around. I remember this was huge when Ronnie was winning. Everybody wanted to do what Ronnie did to try to get Ronnie's result. But nobody had the structure or not a lot of people. You know, Johnny Jackson was a guy that did. Again, which is a power lifter. Yeah, power lifter exactly. You know, in branch branch, again, power lifter power lifter. And then you turn around whether you're a power lifter or power builder. It's it's the same type of thing where you're used to being able to do very, very heavy weights. When I started training fill, we tried to increase his strength. But then I had to remember he's not. He doesn't have the football physique. He's not a big guy natural manager. He's small joints, right? And so when you look at him, he's just very, very 3D, very bubbly. So let's accentuate that. So then we started to really lean into the volume with weight. Instead of just crazy weight. And then that's how I, you know, created FSC 7 was to try to create the intensity with how me having to be there by keeping a little bit more of the shorter rest periods. And then being able to really focus on different exercises that really stimulated a lot of the fibers that create more glycogen rich fibers. And he just pushed tons of metabolites and the tissue with those FSC 7 sets. Yeah, he was just keep the pump there. And again, we tried to get strong. But when I, he was like, okay, well, all of a sudden if he's tweaking his chest or he got he yet twing his quads when, you know, his back just didn't allow his biomechanics to be able to squat super heavy. And then it was like, okay, we got to work around it. Let's do leg press. Let's do hacks. Let's do, you know, things of that nature. So it was one of those things and the great thing about it is that he didn't need to work out with anybody. Where some people really need it because to show up, he was really good at being able to really kind of go in and get that focus by himself. He eventually had to start training late at night because everybody was bothering him so much in the gym. And there wasn't the private gym type of thing like we have now. So training at armbrist and having people video you and take photos of you ends up being a painly ass all the time. So it's like now all of a sudden I got to go after it's closed to go train, right? And he would be able to do that and go in and I remember Shree would, you know, just be them and you know, go in there and just do what she, you know, she actually helped them a lot too. And do what they had to do to stay away from everybody to stay focused. And now with you traveling around and everything else, you've been traveling a lot, but you're still an IFB pro. You compete in classic. You're trying to make the Olympia stage and we talked about the fact that the difficulties of how hard it is when you have so much knowledge to be able to segment it and apply it to yourself and everybody who's watching or listening to this. You're going to understand exactly what I'm talking about because when you are a wealth of knowledge, you're trying to apply so many different things because you have so much knowledge, but you have to simplify. Right? 100%. So talk to me about that. How are you going about doing that now after this year? Because I know that you talked a little bit about it on the phone with me the other day. I think that when you coach especially and then I'm going to be honest coaching is a fraction. Less than a fraction of what I do and most of the travel based collab based on you to what going and networking for the apps and things like, you know, just all this different shit. Yeah. And no matter how much knowledge you have when you're doing all this stuff and you're coaching people and you're trying to apply it to yourself, especially when it comes to the dieting and the supplement aspect, you hear something new every day. Right. And you're like, okay, let me look into that. I'm looking at that. Oh, that could be a good idea. This could be a good idea. So unless you're really good at being objective and having a solid plan and even then because I'm I'm going to have coach myself and whole career. I turn pro coaching myself, you know, like I won the nationalals and I continue to do really well. I got fifth of my pretty view. I could be with that last year. Pro debut was 2021. Oh, that was your. Got you. And you know, like I can do it, but I'm probably never going to bring 100% to stage doing it myself. And you just kind of as a coach got to be lazy for everything on stuff. Not how good you are. Yep. You can be the best coach in the world. And end up, you know, at 7.8.9.10. And shows. Yeah. And having somebody else at least on a really closely like consultation. Mm-hmm. Relationship. To review is a great idea. Mm-hmm. And I think not just with consultation, but like having somebody to trust in your corner to just say, We're going to do this consultation thing, but you have the last word. Yeah. Right. You, I'm going to debate the hell out of you probably, but you have the last word. And you tell me to shut up and just do this. Like, you have to be a person who can swallow their pride in their ego and just do the damn thing. Right. Like, no matter how much I say, like, well, it doesn't seem like it will work that way on paper. You can like, and you're totally man. I've done this with 50 people. Trust me. It works. And I'd be like, you know what, you're right. I don't have that much. I don't have as much in other little experience. You're somebody who has much more. So it's like, you just have to find that person whoever that is. And it's hard to trust. Really? Yes. Because especially the more you know, right? Like, who do doctors trust? Right. So it's like, you're like, oh, I already know everything. Right. So that's the heart of seeing like, we talked about with Mike. We exactly said the same thing as we talked about Mike. Even though Mike trust me, he still at the end of Prep's would be like, I fuck that. Yeah. I'm not doing that. Like I mean, well, you know, I tried. Right. And it is good. You know, he's a doctor. He's exercise physiology. Sports science. Right. And what's that? Isn't an equate to bodybuilding? Oh, and that's the number one thing. So Mike, when you're listening to this, because I know you're going to listen to this. Is that doesn't equate to bodybuilding. Bodybuilding has to, you have to utilize a simple methodology. Right. I always call it like the kiss method, right? Keep it stupid simple. Yeah. Because when you do that, you turn around and be able to execute without having to over complicate. Right? Because there isn't that much. It's not that complicated. Yeah. But when you make it complicated, what you're doing is you're second guessing things to the point where You stress the hell out of yourself. You stress the hell out of yourself. I mean, again, I'm not going to name names, you know, but you know, I had certain clients. Yeah. Okay. You know, his initials are full of abiot. That would literally drive me crazy, right? I love you, but he drove me crazy because he wouldn't allow sometimes for the changes to take place before he wanted to change him again. Yeah. Because he just wanted it. Okay. Now if we made this change with this food, and it was so good. What if we have this and you're like, do keep it moving. And then let's just let the body do what it does, right? Make one change and you think that three other amplifiers could potentially like stack up and make that change even better. That's right. Instead of just making one change at the time. That's right. And then you're going to be like, do this first, this first, let's do this for a while. Yeah. And that's what's contest prep 101 is, right? Ronnie would just take the game plan, fill with take the green plan, and execute. And when you have people, and that's why you, when you are a coach out there, and you want to understand whether or not someone's going to be able to get to their full potential with you as a coach. Number one is trust. The second thing is making sure that they can execute. And the way that I would go about just like bringing on somebody at EVGEN, and when I'm doing a, you know, an orio, I turn around and be able to see, do they have the tools to listen and to be coached, right? Are they coachable? Have they played team sports? Have they been coached in the past? If they haven't, and they start off with a lot of the, I know, I know, I know, then I would always just be like, like, I don't think this is going to work. And I would always work in the off season with somebody to be able to see how well that they would do. You know, I did the same thing with Jeremy Blundia when I was working with him. I, the first show we ever did together. I said, it's not going to be the Olympia. I got to see how you do, and we did the San Jose, and then he was able to really follow directions properly. And had a great outcome. He ended up winning and looking really good. And then right after that, we won the his first Olympia like full month later. And I think people listen to this, um, he was extracting small points. You might, this might sound like the, just shut up and do what I say, but that's not what me and Hanier San Jose. Yeah. As a coach, you should be able to explain why you're putting an implement in and being on that. The client is still questioning, like if it was full, out of whatever he wanted to do, I think you have to be able to explain why, like, came in one thing at a time. You got to trust me. I understand what you're coming from and why you think they make sense. Maybe we'll try it in the future. You just got people to like talk them out of it. And I just, because I've seen coach response, where it's like, just fucking do what I say. Right. You know what I mean? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do that. No. It shows you have a huge ego. 100%. And number two, it shows that you don't respect the relationship enough to build trust. So you do not want to do that. Okay. You need to do it. And again, I've got a pretty good resume, but I still don't do it. You know, now have I gotten frustrated in the past and I'm just like, just get up in the morning. It's full of you get up in the morning at 7 a.m. Do your cardio. Yes. There's been time. So I'm not going to turn around and say I'm an angel, but at the end of the day, sometimes I don't want to have to over-explain things. It's been two hours doing it. And again, not take anything away from food. He was great athlete, but he would sometimes not let it marinate enough. And then he wanted to re-go back and respite the, you know, the sauce that you're trying to make that perfect meat sauce for your pasta. And then he's like, wow, this is so good. Let's add some more. I can't tell you what. And I'm like, brother, let's let it marinate. Yeah. And I sort of got to, I think it was we started adding some carbs and we did some cool stuff. And they came back and he's like, bro, I feel so good. Let's just add more. And I'm like, let's just let it settle. Let's let it marinate. And then he was like, let's go. And he just, I think he just sometimes just was anxious, right? And that's the other thing you got to manage anxiety, right? You're constantly anxiety management because when people, you know, their hormones are stimulants, they're lack of sleep pressure. They're creating even more anxiety than social media. So you have to be an expert at anxiety mitigation. And that's hard to do. It's hard to take supplements into consideration because people are anxious, more anxious. Right. And then you're taking, you know, you're adding in fat loss agents and caffeine and all these things, and creasing anxiety too. So then you're like, listen, you from this week to this week, if you've had five free counts, let's come off the caffeine. Let's take a clean out for a good three weeks. And let's see how your brain's working. You know, it's like, even that kind of stuff really. So Mike didn't work well with Glenn. I didn't work well with Glenn. I didn't work well with anything. Oh, you don't be like this. That's buddy. It'll be this much. Yeah. Well, and that's exactly it. So you have to try to mitigate that. So when people tell you, like, man, what makes you such a great trainer, it's a holistic method, but not just the information that you have, but how do apply it and making sure that they're able to actually execute? And that's the thing, man, like, because everybody, I don't know if you guys follow me and my stuff, but you'll see us talk about AI and shit all the time. Coaches will be a career that's around. AI is not taking coaching. You have to be a fucking person who can talk to a person and get to their level. Yes. And seriously understand what they're going through. And that is why it's an word of mouth is always going to be the base thing to. Right. You're a good coach and you can be personable and you can really talk to your clients and take them out of these really shitty head spaces. You're going to exceed in this realm, like, by far. But you've got to be really good at it because you can't really just do what I fucking say, coach. That's how you lose everybody. Yeah. Yeah. If you do that, it's not going to work because you're not going to be able to build that trust. And you're not going to be able to build rapport and earn the relationship. And that's it. And it's really hard to do. And then the other problem is if you're bigger, you get the more people you have. It's harder to do. And that's why I always kept it very, very lean and small and to have my group. But a lot of these coaches will get a lot of, a lot of, you know, petadours. It's insane man. Like coaches who claim they take on a hundred clients at a time. I'm like you're not giving them your role. That's how many hours of like per client. I'm, you're spending time on that person. Honestly, what happens at that point? And I'll tell you guys this because again, I was always a quality of a quality person. All right. I do it with, eVision. I do it with everything that I do with the FST7 coaching anything. It's quality of a quality. The thing that you're going to run into is you're going to have some coaches out there that have so many people that the highlight Real only becomes their top guys. Yep. Right. So it's not like, okay, I've got three people and they all got a win in each division. Right. It's about I got 30 people in the show. And I'm going to highlight my top three that look their best. And that's it. So that tends to happen when some of these men or women coaches that have a lot of people in divisions. That's what happens because you can't turn around and be able to give that type of attention that they need number one. But number two, then it just becomes a kind of a marketing marketing. Marketing. Yeah. It begins a marketing thing. So I love when coaches post like, I'll see you with like, do you know like the, some of these bodybuilding podcasts. I'm now like Andrew Barry and all them have one. I don't know. It's like the real bodybuilding I think is theirs. Okay. Like, on a story, uh, second novice overall, proud of this guy. Posted before and after. Gotcha. But then they're also coaching like I have you pro in the Olympia. Okay. You know what I mean? So it's like that's the kind of shit that I look for. Okay. You're posting all your wins, all your losses. Yeah. Like your best clients, your worst clients. You're really putting time into them. That's the another good coach. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and that's why I didn't, people, what you go, you only work on you with your cherry pick. Of course I do. I don't have that much time. Right. So if I hear the level where you get the cherry pick. Well, exactly. Yeah. You gotta remember, they're, they're also coming to me. Exactly. Right. So when they're coming to me, that's the first step. I don't go out out of my way to go pick them out. Exactly. They're coming to me. But also when I turn around and I moved here again, I told the story several times about like the David Butler's, right? I submit them at the gym. Next thing you know, he's works the front desk. He's 18 years old. He's never competed before, but he's got a decent physique. Let me see if he takes direction. Yeah. He does. You know, he's one of our e-vision athletes. Let me go ahead and help him out a little bit with some workouts. The next thing you know, you know, I want to do a show. You know, was you helped me? Sure. You know, all natural. Let's do this. Nixon, he's got stridey glutes and he does Dave Lieberman's show, which is a piss test. It's not just a polygraph. And, you know, and then he, you know, he ends up winning all the divisions that he did. And very proud of him. And being able to go back to being able to work with somebody who's a teenager, natural, and resetting, right? Just kind of getting back to your roots. Exactly. That's what I'm right back to your roots. Exactly. And like, okay, I'm here. Let me go back to doing things because I don't want to forget. What it's like to work with somebody this new or now now, you know, bringing on some to near-evision athletes. Just, you know, being able to do a workout with the trend twins and being able to do some stuff with them. Just, again, these guys are, you know, they're, they're, they appear to me and meet head. Oh, and, but they're good guys. They're, they're good guys. I mean, you've worked with them too. I mean, these guys are just all super good guys. And being able to work out with those guys and another one that's a super passionate guys that covers, right? Super passionate. We'll work out with him at the Arnold. Uh-huh. Which again, to the group, thank you man. Yeah. Pull this, pull the shorts up. 280. Yeah. They're already started. Yeah. He was peak off season. Yeah. He would lose like 20, 30 pounds just to be able to make weight. And that's why eventually he said, you know, I'm going to go ahead and do open. That's why he just wanted to, he just wanted to. Oh, did he? Absolutely. Yeah. So that's the second win. Yeah. And that, that, that is awesome. Yeah. And you look better today. He was sharp. Good. Yeah. Most likely. I would hope so. No, no. He's less advanced. Like, that's pulls you with Phil. I don't think so. I don't think so. I think he's much more, I think he's much more kind of down the road. You know, again, unless his body's tired, I don't know. Yeah. But he hasn't competed this year, right? I think it was just these shows. Yeah. Those two shows. Yeah. I just didn't know if like Stefan was like, well, we're going to make a splash top five. He'll be top 10 this year. He'll be top five. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if he'd put him in there now or wait. But it's hard to say. Yeah. I think he could just ask him. Yeah. Either way. I think it's one of those things. But I think he's going to end up doing it. Yeah. I think so. Just because two pro wins, you beat some decent guys. Yeah. Why not? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look up saying his arms as we point him like guys, have you seen him for weeks out? Yeah. This is our own part small. Right. They're small whenever he'd please. Yeah. For the show. Exactly. And even his legs get depleted. Yeah. He looks smaller. Yeah. Right. So like there's so much bigger when you don't have a weight cap. Is he a quitting in person? No. He's insanely huge. It's obnoxious. And her arms and legs to quence today. Like same size. Yeah. Actually, no, I take that back. I think he was a he's the show. He did that. Yeah. Yeah. He's like six one. Yeah. It's casual. Like between two times a size of mine and minder of noxious. It's crazy man. He's a big boy. And there's did not look small on it. So at all. Well, like I said, two wins. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't matter. It's pretty cool. Yeah. That is very cool. Yeah. But I'm sure he wants to go in there and mix it up. You know, the other option would be whether or not he would just take some time and then maybe go to the Arnold. That's another option. Right. It's hard to shut it down and say, OK, let me shut it down and cut the Arnold. Get the 750. Yeah. Yeah. Well, a million. Is it a million? Well, it's 750 and then the other shows 250 to me. It's later. Oh, wow. That's right. Yeah. You're going to go to the open. No. I couldn't handle it. Yeah. That drive me nuts. I couldn't live with that bodyweight man. Yeah. Doing what I do. Absolutely not. That's why I captured it. It's like I tried to open push like two years ago. Yeah. Went up in the supplements and everything. And I was like, I can't communicate with people properly. Right. And I was like, I'm going to go to the neuro toxicity. You just felt a groggy. Yeah. Breathing heavy all the time. Yeah. You don't want to. You don't want to. Yeah. I got to think of my family. I'm good. That's what a lot of people realize. You got to stick to what you're good at. Mm. That's it. Yep. Yeah. And I pounds to put on for the classic cap. Yeah. Just a two-nineteen. I mean, my low-end was like I said to 12. Yeah. Yeah. And you've already put on since a year ago when we trained together here, you put on a good eight to ten pounds of tissue. And it's not today. Yeah. When we did arms, just the fullness through the chest, shoulders, the arms, the back is better. You know, I was a big week point before, which you've caught up on quite a bit. Ligs is wrong. Well, I remember the arms and back, man. After we trained last year, I was like, this is, I'm emphasizing this. So yeah. It was good. Yeah. No. It's been fantastic. But looking into it now, it's stuck a little bit about the Olympia coming up. Yeah. Right. So I'm sorry. Three weeks this week and coming up next. Yeah. We just hit the four week mark two days ago. How do you feel about the top five? What do you think? Um, open? Yeah. Yes. Let's talk about classic first because we'll talk about your division, and then we'll go back to open. Yeah. I think, uh, man, if you don't give it a chance, let me surprise. They're just really like him. I think, he's a great ambassador for the sport. Mike too as well. Obviously, Mike is going to be very hard to be with how he's looking. He's out in Vegas right now. Yep. We're going to catch up and do a couple sessions together before the Olympia. Nice. And, uh, I mean, him and Neil are just nailing it. They're freaking nailing it. Mm-hmm. Between Mike and Terence, it'll be a good toss-up. But again, I think, uh, Jose, it was the dark horse I really do. Like, I don't. His improvements are crazy, man. He's gone a lot. And he's so receptive to feedback that he's even asked me about like posing. Mm-hmm. And I was like, if you just point your toe out a little bit on your left leg, you will have so much more quads we've been in. He did and he's like, oh shit. Right. And I was like, yeah. And it looks in a compelite day. So I think he would take so things to the Olympia. Because to be honest, I thought he beat Terence. Yeah. It's his conditioning. It's hard to look away from. Right. It's like the hotty shit. Yeah. You can't look away from him. Right. It's so just a granite. He's like, what's the guy that passed away? The crazy lingo. He's like 2.0 that guy. I can't remember. Yeah. Mike something. I can't remember. Yeah. It was an Italian guy, I think. Yeah, just crazy shredded. Who's like the lingo sky of all time. Oh, the younger kid. Yeah. Oh, yeah. But this guy. Yeah. Yeah. And then Mike and Terence and the remote. Yeah. I don't see a remote. Beating these guys. I don't. He just did some posing with Steve. And Steve was like, look, man, you're doing stuff that is just making you look worse. So hopefully he takes that in consideration. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was doing like a cruise ship. Yeah. Yeah. He was doing like a cruise ship. Steve was like cut it out. If he can get his posing down this year, maybe. But I think remote is one of those guys that needs to push to the open. Yeah. I really do. Yeah. He's like an earth. He loses so much size coming down. And he you seem in the offseason. It's. I don't know. It's like, what am I looking at? So. And then, who do you have in fifth? I mean, again, now that earth is in there, you know, now that earth is moved up to the open. And that top five, I think there's just. It can go so many different ways. You have some guys that are just really on the cuss. I think Matt Grego is guy that's on the cuss. You know, I think he he's right up there. I think that like you said, Terrence looks really, really good. I think that it's going to be interesting. Mike obviously is phenomenal. And he's going to be with you. And he's going to be with you. So, you know, he's going to be with you. So, you know, he's going to be with you. And he's going to be with you. Yeah. I mean, I mean, obviously he's not going to shoot for that. Yeah. He's going to try to shoot to peak. Oh, it's best, right? But I do think that this year will dictate whether or not he's going to stay in class or going to open. I agree. I agree. I agree. Yeah. And he else it. I think he will. He'll stay. If he doesn't. And it's just his body gets to depleted. I have like this toss of my head with like Logan. Mm-hmm. Oh, that's right. Logan was another one. Yeah. I think it's. Yeah. I think he can be. I think he can be. Be up there in the top five. I just, you know, and he's been focusing on his quadsweep. Mm-hmm. Because that's where he was lacking the most. Because his upper body looks really good. I just think his quadsweep. And then now that he's getting his conditioning dialed in. Yeah. I think it looks really, really good. He's another guy from the back. It's like you see the hamstrings. And it's hard to look away from. Yeah. And I'm very impressive. Like at the Arnold, I was like, holy shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I guarantee there's a couple that we're forgetting about right now that are going to be right up there and that first call out because I believe it. I believe it. I mean, I mean, I'm gonna call it. 100%. Everybody's. Now, what do you think about the new point thing? The point. I love it. Yeah. More than 30 guys on stage, just ridiculous. Yeah. It'll be 32 now. Yeah. I said a 58 or whatever. Yeah. It was 58. Two years ago. We had 58 because the. It was 56 this year. I, I don't know. How many it is, but two years ago, it was 58 or 59 because Chris, you know, the reigning Sterling. Yeah. The reigning Olympia winner goes last. Yep. And he was number like 58 59. And I'm like, what is this? And there he's like, I don't know. It helped him. Because when he came out in the comparison, he looked worse than when you brought him back because I watched this videos. Huh? You brought him back. I don't remember what you did. You gave him something. Yeah. And like food wise. Yeah. I don't completely different person. Yeah. I was like, okay, we're he's going to win. But when he came out for the comparisons, it was like, man, he looked a little flat. Yeah. But then I watched his video and I saw all why and what happened. Yeah. It was like, okay, that makes sense. Yeah. So when you brought him back, I was like, up, that's over. Yeah. We had me get some changes real quick. Yeah. Yeah. It was like, well, matter. Just going on. I'm looking. No. I don't like this. Yeah. Let's go. Let's go a little bit. Yeah. And then plus transitions of coming out off the stage. Yeah. Yeah. So I think it's the point systems amazing. Yeah. I think it's good to. I talked about the other day on podcast and I said, I think that it's long overdue because you need to be able to mitigate the amount of judging fatigue. Yeah. Right. I mean, these poor judges, Steve, Sandy, Tyler, everybody, right? They're just saying they're. And also the crowd and the energy and the flow and everything else. It's like, it's like when we do it at the USA's. Yeah. They used to have to have a cut. Yep. And so what had happened is they would only bring the top 15 back. Yeah. So they would look at everybody and say, OK, these are the names for the top 15. Now we're going to do comparisons. Right. And then they would bring them back. Yeah. And that's it. You didn't make the cut. You didn't get all the comparisons. You only got the first initial ones. And then they would they would short form it. Yeah. Just put check marks next to the names of the top 15. Give the last names of the name 15. OK. Now you guys go back on stage and now let's compare. That's pretty. Yeah. So now you're getting to do that in a way. Yeah. I think like judging for cheapening especially. I think that's you're right. That's very smart. And it poor open guys. Yep. Well, time to get to open. It's like 11 12 o'clock at night. And saying. And I think that's one of the reasons why also the Arnold has, you know, didn't have that. Because it's invite only. Right. So it's not 60 people in the class. It's invite only. So now you'll be able to get a lot of those things where, you know, the strengths of what me the Arnold. A little bit flow better because of the less number of people. And now I think you're going to be able to get that going next. I agree. Yeah. So. Having it at that 30 32 whatever it is. Yes. Brilliant. Brilliant. Okay. Go out there. Not 60. I don't know. A few guys at one one show will still go. Sure. But there will be a few guys who don't have enough points. Even if they want to show and it's like, well, competing. Get on stage. Probably a little bit of you. You can get a couple points. So you make it otherwise you're not going. Yeah. You got to balance it out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to open. Right. We talked a little bit about it because we got. Where's your top five? Yeah. I obviously depends on all the visas stuff. Yeah. Right. Sure. Which unfortunately is insanely stressful for him because. He can he's usually 100% but you can tell the stress of that like. Sure. But hoties obviously up there. Yeah. I generally think this is Nick Walker's year and not just because he's. I help him with this stuff. Yeah. But he is currently 286 and a boy. That's huge. Reddits. Yeah. His check-ins right now are like. Dude. Crazy. It's better than Pittsburgh better than New York. 286. He was 275 for Pittsburgh in New York. Wow. And so he was 275. Was it what was the weight difference between Pittsburgh and New York? I think that they brought him down. A pound or two. Okay. It might have been up a pound. No, it was down. It was down one pound or two. He was 275. Yeah. On stage. Wow. And he's 286 right now and he's feeding. Right. Because he's so lean. So he's just ripping. What are you going to do? Yeah. How are you going to beat Nick Walker with 10 more pounds of muscle? Right. It's daunting to look at man. Like because everybody came off and maybe he would have two because of the flow of the show. Yeah. The midnight crap that they pulled. Maybe he would have been off to. But if everybody came in how they did last two years, Nick would have won both of those ones. You can't look away from it. It's like a statue. Yeah. The only issue is that they docked Nick away way harder on his midsection. Yeah. If you don't keep it in the whole time, I don't care how heavy Derek's breathing. You're losing. Right. So Derek's up there. Of course Derek has one of the most phenomenal physique of all time. Yeah. He's right up there with like a fill he 3D look. A beautiful physique. So like Derek, hotty, Nick, Samson. Like it's just like it can go anyway. Yeah. And with open it's so much harder to peek those guys to see who's truly going to like bring it on the day. Yeah. Samson's most recent guest posing. He was really flat, which tells me he's pushing for a condition. Yeah. Which is what he needs. Yep. So if he can fill back up with that conditioning he's getting now. Yeah. I don't know who's being that. Yeah. That's really good structure. Yeah. So if you can come in shape shape, like Samson's the guy. Because they love that. They love that shape. They love the conditioning shape combo. Yep. It's tough man. I don't even know if I can give an order. Yeah. It's tough to give an order whenever every variable. And you know because you coach half these guys at the top level. Yeah. Everything matters. It does. You can look this much worse. And that puts you from first to fifth. Yeah. Yeah. So you peek two hours earlier and you can hold the peak because of the 10 11 p.m. Prejudging. Yeah. I think Andrew's up there. I think the other person you had to think about too is I think you're not just impressed me. Yeah. I think I think Gito is going to be also a person. Yeah. I think he could be. I just would love to see what he looks like next to these people. I don't know. I got to just see what you know. I definitely have him in the top 10. Yeah. Me too. Top 10 for sure. But also. I would put Bayhorus in there. But you know. If Bayhorus can get in. That would be in there. And he would be in that five six category. I think that you have a lot of really good guys up in that area. And then if they don't give them the visa or even you know like we talked about Prague right when we were working out. We said that's going to be tough. Interesting. Because I think Keyon was talking about going into Prague open right. And being able to do that show. We were so obviously do it. Yes. Then Bayhorus would obviously do it and be able to go in there and blast and get on stage and take out some of this frustration. Especially if he didn't doesn't get his visa. And then that's a thing too. But he can do the Arnold right. Nope. International. Nope. He can do the Arnold in the UK if he gets the UK but not the US because any time you have to come to the US it's the same time for visa. I guess if he gets it like close to after the Olympics like potentially could happen. Passive Arnold's a good. Yeah. It's possible. Yeah. It's possible again. Again, every I touched on this on the last podcast when I just did it like a little update. It was an update on how to eat and stuff. It's you don't know what you don't know about what they're looking at right. I mean, he's been in review for the last one three years for years right. And so we don't know what that situation is. I think that but going back to Prague, I think that he would jump into Prague obviously because again that shouldn't be a problem getting a visa to go there and then you know him versus key on versus you know if errs ends up doing it just because I think errs had you know was was talking about possibly doing something. Yeah. I just again, depending on what what his next episode or two, I don't know who else. I know Martin was there last year. Obviously Chris is not. Do you think Andrew before Martin? I think if Martin is on. Then he go Martin Andrew. He'll beat Andrew because Andrew just doesn't have yet the consistency. I think Martin is one of those guys that depending on how it goes. If he beats perfect, he could crack the top three. Yeah. I think it also depends on who is also not perfect. Exactly. That's the other thing. I open this crazy. Yeah. Open this so fun to watch. Yeah. Like you know, it's we all know classics at Glutcho. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Open is just like everything. Yeah. And I love it. Yeah. I'd go to. Yeah. We all started this because we love body building. Yeah. Yeah. That's why they get to pay the big bucks. It's cool. Yeah. So what else is going on right now? Is there anything else that you have there in regards to projects? I know you do in micro doing a lot of stuff. Is there anything else coming up? We got a lot of filming out of the Olympia. We're going to be doing collabs out there. I think that another one potentially with half the orange stuff. So we've filming out of a small and Jim and Vegas. The whole whole Olympia week. So if you guys run into us, come see what's up. Yeah. We'll probably meet it. Which one is going to be out? Like the strip barbell. Okay. And cult. And cult fitness. We'll probably film there a little bit. I mean, we'll be at all the gems. You know what I mean? We're going to go book. Can Mike's train now 100%. Ish. Yeah. He's not training legs hard, but he's training legs. Okay. So he's going through the. He's doing a lot of body weight lunges. He's doing some hamstring curls and things that need to. Stuff that's not like holding onto the bar and like stretching too bad. But I think he's basically 100% training now. When I'm at the Olympia, I'll be like basically health full health phase. Yeah. So I'm going to do like three times a week training and just like. Nothing like we did today. No, like we did today. You'll be good for a while. Yeah. We'll be good at it. We're going to be a high protein synthesis for about three weeks. We're going to do nice. We got that. Yeah. But yeah, we'll be doing that. And then we just got, you know, bunch of clubs and stuff and training and dieting, Aberdean really well. So we're just continuing to push that. And maybe a couple of projects that have more to do with machines or gyms. Potentially. Okay. Detroit. You know, so we'll see. Yeah. Yeah. We got a lot of things that are. Potentially happening soon. And it's going to be good, man. It's going to be good here. That's awesome. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. And I mean, you know, like I said, I cannot wait to show everybody this work out. So if you haven't had chances to see the workout, I mean, definitely go check out the workout that you're an I put together today for arms. And then we will definitely be talking a lot between now and the Olympia. Yeah. And get together hopefully at least one day. Yeah. While we're out there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We got a podcast. You know, out there. Like I said, like, you just let me know. Okay. You guys can get in there. So I want to do one out there. Maybe I'll work out with Mike. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. I'll force him to. I'll do it with him. Hell yeah. That would be fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to just tell him you're 20 is better than it is. We love torture and Mike. We do follow Jared on his social media. He's got all the different channels. He's got YouTube. He's got Instagram. He's got everything going on. And he's always, you know, sharing a ton of stuff. Between all of the different collaborations he's constantly doing. And I appreciate you coming out really. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, this is two hours of sleep. Yeah. Yeah. We'll have better podcasts in the future. Yeah. I'll see more things. I know your exhausted roles. Let's go get you some sleep. Get you a meal. Get you some sleep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You'd better. That's the truth.