Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Hony Rambad, and I'm here to do another very, very valuable Q&A. We got a lot of people been asking for Q&A lately, and I did just literally do a million different videos with the athletes as we're getting ready for the Mr. Olympia, but I haven't had a chance to do as many Q&A's because of all the prep going into the 2024 Mr. Olympia, 60th anniversary edition, and I apologize. I apologize because I really want to be able to keep these rolling for you guys, and so we're going to go ahead and get this party started. And these are taken from both YouTube as well as Instagram. When I go from the Sunday night Instagram asking you for questions, I'm pulling those questions directly off of that. So let's go ahead and start off with Sigura Fitness. He has a question, one piece of advice for personal trainers starting their own business. First of all, make sure you get certified because you definitely want to be able to come from a place of education. Don't just get with another coach online coach and take that information and think, hey, all of a sudden you're a guru. What you want to do is you want to be able to start off with Nazam, ACSM, Ace. I mean, there were so many of them back in the day and they keep evolving, but Nazam is the one that I tend to lean towards even at EVGEN, where we have our customer service reps, get Nazam certified. So I would definitely get Nazam certified and as many of the disciplines as possible because they have sports nutrition, they have personal training. So depending on where you want to really focus on, get certified. That's number one. Number two, work with as many physics as you can. I'm talking about not just body builders versus men's physique guys. Work on men, women, different age groups, different types of functionality. If they're getting ready for maybe football or if they're getting ready for any kind of other sports and don't be afraid to try to become an intern at one of the different jams or one of the different training studios because you will learn so much by having an in-person mentor. So those are the things that I would really look into doing if you're starting out your own business and you really want to be able to really catch a lot of legs especially in the beginning. All right, next question comes from Frank Cadillac 96. What's the best way to lose weight without losing muscle? Well, obviously you're trying to lose weight, you're going to end up having a calorie deficit. So you're going to have to watch the nutrition portion of it. Using cardio is a great way to be able to burn more calories, but holding onto your strength. I talk about this year after year, I've used to write about this in the magazines back in the day, but really trying to make sure that you're not reducing either your intensity or the amount of weight you're using. You're trying to hold on to your strength. So the stronger muscle is a larger muscle, a fuller muscle. So do not work on just going into higher reps by thinking you're going to get cut. That was an old methodology that people used to think it doesn't work. What you do want to is you want to try to hold onto as much muscle or possibly even try to increase strength while you're dieting. So holding onto muscle is there's a direct correlation with strength and size. So again, don't lighten up the weights. If you are getting to the point where you're deep into the diet, you will lose a little bit of strength. 10, 15, 20% at the very, very end is very, very common, but you're trying to hold onto as much strength as you can. And again, that's in an extreme diet contest prep situation. Happens to my Olympia guys all the time, right during the last couple of weeks. They, you know, 10% 15% reduction, but also what they really end up changing is their stamina. Their stamina changes because they're getting so lean. They don't have a ton of glycogen in the muscle because they're trying to work on getting shredded. So therefore, you're not going to have the intensity in the first 15 minutes as you do in two hours or vice versa. What I should say is that you're going to have the intensity in the first 15 minutes and you won't have it in the second hour. So and that's why we also shorten up the training sessions because we just don't have that kind of stamina. So once again, remember, try to be able to continue to progressively either increase the amount of weight or increase the number of reps with the weights that we're using previously on the previous workout. So that's very important, but you will naturally taper down in terms of strength by anywhere from 10 to as much as 15 or 20% depending on how depleted you get. All right. Next question is from HD Swift, how soon can you start the selection process of those that signed up for the waiting list on your website? Obviously not during prep. Yes. So again, many of you have gone on to the Honeyram Bud site, my personal site, and put your name down to be able to be notified when I start my coaching platform. Well, that selection process is already started. So if you haven't been on to the Honeyram Bud.com, go to my site, you can go ahead and apply to become a client. We are reviewing all the applications. There's going to be some back and forth because I need to know what you're doing, and I'm going to be going through there with my team. And I want to be very clear about this. I am not doing this just by myself, but I'm bringing on other team members to help me with this to create a scalable model. So what I've done is I've waited a very long time to be able to finally be able to work with more than four or five people a year. And with that, what I'm doing is I'm building a team and they're here in the building with me and they're going to be helping me to be able to give you guys information to be able to become the best version of you and yourself. So what I wanted to do is focus on the Olympia preps, but right now what I'm doing is we're scaling this up. So again, the whole system is in place. I've been working on this for two years and I'm finally happy to say that we are picking candidates that had applied on my website. So if you haven't in your interest in being part of my program, then go to honeyrambod.com. Fill out the application. We'll get back with you, get back to you with a lot of different questions so that we can make sure it's the right fit and your goals are realistic and we can go ahead and vet the right athletes. So start off with off season only. I do not start off with preps and those that are wanting just lifestyle updates and being able to have that accountability tool in their system. So again, looking forward to seeing you guys online with that and being able to slowly build that up, something I've been wanting to work on for years now and we are finally launching it. So again, check it out, honeyrambod.com. Thanks for the question. Right, next question is from Anthony, who her tech? Sorry if I'm butchering your last name. First time competing, best advised for a nanny bodybuilder. So best advice is something I just discussed, making sure that you stay strong, make sure that you document everything. Get the notebook. Again, I have one in front of me right now. I always use a notebook. You want to be able to put together a plan and see how you're progressing and then you be able to go back to it to see what you could have done differently, what worked and what didn't work and make sure that you're constantly doing picture updates. In the beginning of a prep, I like to be able to start off at 16 weeks out with once a week, then go to twice a week around 12 to 14 weeks out, then three times a week when you start getting about three, about eight weeks out, that's three times a week and then as we get closer daily. So that's the protocol I use for my clients. That's what I suggest a lot of people use and then be able to track everything. Not only just your diet, but also your training. So you can see your lifts, your the weights you're using, the repetitions, any intensity techniques, if you're doing drop sets, if you're doing any of those things, make sure you put those down. You do not need anything super fancy to be able to do those things. A good ol' fashion notebook or putting it into your iPhone or your Android phone and being able to just document those things on the daily and how much cardio you're doing, obviously putting everything in there that you're ingesting into your body is super important, especially when you're an adi because what you want to do is you want to be able to say, hey look, you know, I'm taking this much creatine. This is when I took creatine. I took it before the workout. I'm taking it after the workout. This is when how many scoops of protein powder I've been using a day. This is how much beef I'm taking in, how much fish. This is how much, you know, whether it's other sources, egg whites. Be able to make sure that you're taking a look at it because if you go after two to three days and you're seeing yourself really progress and you say, wait a minute, I thought I was doing five meals, but I was only doing four and now that I've been doing five, I can see a huge change, reduction and soreness, muscle fullness. All of those things, you can kind of go back and say, wow, I can really track what I've been doing. So as simple as it sounds, many, many people don't do this. This is why being able to really put down and document the procedure and the process is going to make all the difference in the world. And that's why having coaches makes such a difference because they're going to remind you of all of these things, but if you can't afford a coach or if you're just trying to self coach right now for whatever reason, these are the things that you really need to do to be able to progress to the next level and you can learn from the previous contest prep. All right, the next question here, from mighty thunder, 5x, how much protein should we take per day? Again, it's very variable, but I tend to like one to one and a half grams of protein per pound of body weight. Now, if you are at a huge calorie deficit or you're trying to be able to do a major cut, you want to be in the upper range of that. Have I seen some athletes go to two grams? Absolutely, but usually when it's two grams, what they're doing is they're going into maybe two grams of lean body weight versus just pure body weight, especially if they're very heavy set or you're trying to come down from a very high-up out of body fat. But on average, if you use one to one and a half grams of protein per pound of body weight, you're at that point where you're going to be able to maximize recovery and as long as you're breaking it up, every two to three hours. I am not a believer and I've heard some coaches out there say, hey, look, it doesn't matter what kind of protein you're taking in. I do not believe in that. I believe it can't just be from way of protein all day long. I believe it has to be mixed sources. So, one to two shakes a day, perfectly fine, post work out, maybe a little bit of protein in the morning with your oatmeal, totally fine. Agwhites, you want to throw in an egg white meal? Great, but don't throw in five egg white meals. I feel that many of you out there speak in absolute and I do not believe in that. I feel like a well-rounded diet, even when it comes to protein sources is so, so important. So, therefore, a normal diet for me, consists of one to two meals of just straight beef, a lean ground beef, one at least egg white meal could be up to two and then the rest is either coming from chicken, fish or lean cuts of turkey and that's how I tend to build out my programs. So, nothing super fancy but not in absolute. Not when you're hitting nothing but egg whites or nothing but one type of meals. Now, there are some people out there that do really, really well with a lot of again, you got to be careful kind of fish you use, but at the end of the day, if you feel better because you just have less bloating and things like chicken tend to blow you, then you do want to be able to lean towards types of proteins that work well with your system. But try to be able to use diversification for proteins, but again, this also extends to carbs as well. So, when you're putting together a meal plan, make sure you don't go too crazy on the way protein, one at two shakes a day is fine, try not to go above that, make sure even when it comes to beef, you can do beef off season, but try not to overdo the beef either. So, one to two meals a day is fine, especially when it comes to the off season, throw it into beef meals a day's awesome, but throwing in salmon, same thing goes. You want to be able to do a salmon meal here and there, no problem, but you shouldn't be doing salmon all throughout the day and I've seen all kinds of crazy sent over to me and I just feel like making sure you have that variability and that flexibility, not only is it going to help your mind, but it's also going to help your body. Next question, from Team Big Monkey, why doesn't Hotty speak English? I'd have mentioned this and addressed it several times, but I'll address it again because some of you are new to the channel, and Hotty doesn't speak English because it's very difficult for him to hear himself being able to pronounce words in English because he's deaf. So, he has hearing impaired severely, he's not completely deaf, but we'll just say he's hearing impaired, and it becomes much more difficult when if you have to imagine this, try to actually speak a word that you would know how it's properly phrased or how it's properly pronounced, and enunciation I believe is the word for it, and what needs to happen is you be able to hear yourself, and he can't hear you say it properly for him to be able to actually say it and try to repeat the word. So again, the fact that he's hearing impaired is causing him the learning disability on when it comes to learning proper English. So hopefully that clear that whole thing up, it's not because he doesn't want to learn it, he has taking classes and he is something that he has picked up some more words, but it's very difficult with him because if you really pay attention, he's got two hearing aids in there and they do their best they can, but they don't always work. I've been behind him turning around, talking to him and he doesn't turn around because he doesn't hear me. So again, he has a major hearing impairment, and that's why. Next question, from Huzifa, Jujara, how to correct imbalances in cemetery of the lats. So if you have a lat cemetery issue, it's usually due to an injury or you could have some bound up tissue. It happens a lot. What I tend to do is really make sure that number one, you're getting muscle work done. Number two, and why say muscle work? I mean, we're talking about deep tissue, we're talking about ART, which is actively released therapy and making sure that you're doing things on pull downs, when on pull downs, instead of using it just a fixed bar. So putting a D handle on a lat pull down would work really, really well. I have pinotopieses of equipment. So what I do is make sure that we're unlocking many of the mechanisms because sometimes you can lock and we can use bilateral or we can turn around and be able to use one side of time with ISO. And that is super, super important because if you're trying to work one body part, it isn't more than the other, or it might give out and we need to do extra reps and sets, then we should be able to do single arm work. That even goes down to when I'm dumbbell rows, where you might have to be able to really do extra couple of reps even when you go to failure, rest for a few seconds and do some extra reps. Sometimes you even work extra sets. And again, I've been talking about this for many, many years, but you have to be able to work on it. It's not going to feel itself. So fix it with being able to get therapy, but also make sure while you're in the gym, you give it extra attention. Next question from Calvo Marcelo, honey, what are your three strategies to maximize recovery between intense training sessions? So three strategies I'm going to give you is number one, you've got to get enough rest. Make sure you're taking enough time between workouts. Make sure you're not training when you're still sore. So that normally is three to four days for my athletes. Sometimes it could be a little bit longer. It's usually not shorter. So you got to have that rest. When I say rest, it's also sleep. So I'm going to bind those together into one. The days between the workout, I'm using the same body part again, training the same body part again, but also making sure you're getting at least seven hours of sleep. So back in the day, we would also try to even nap after training. They would train, eat, take a nap, eat again. So again, in a perfect world, nowadays, so many people are so hyped up on pre-workout. It's hard for them to go out to sleep right after their training, but it was something that is super important, but now between social media, being able to get your posts, doing all the other things that go along with becoming a professional body builder, it's become much tougher. But if you do have that ability to take a nap after you train, that's going to also be into that rest category. Number two, your nutrition. You have to get the ample amounts of protein every two to three hours, especially when you're dieting. So if you're in a caloric deficit, it's especially important. So make sure you're getting your protein every two to three hours. The third thing is to make sure you can add supplements. Supplements work so well. I love essential amino acids, taking throughout the day. I think they work great. I think the B-Tain also helps too, because it helps with inflammation. So it really, really helps with taking all the different supplements that are available now. Creatine, which is one of the most studied supplements out there, helps with that strength, that torque, muscle fullness, works amazingly well, nitric oxide, boosters, precursors, work great for pump and blood flow, vasodilation, all of those things. So again, might have been more than three, but that's the three that I recommend the most. All right. The next question here, from Pedram. We got Pedram asking, tell us more about the FS-7 app, please. Well, I'm going to go ahead and combine that with the other question that was coming in right past that, which is about the app, but it was also about the video that I posted up around my Instagram talking about a day in the life. And some people were asking me why I did not post that on my public channel. Well, I'm giving exclusive content to the FS-T-7 app. So it's not just workouts that I put together, but it also has exclusive content in there. So again, I just purchased a vehicle, something that ordered a while back, finally showed up and wanted to show a little bit of a day in the life thing on the vehicle the delivery day. And I put that in the app. So again, not only are you getting workouts in there that are specific to body parts and it's constantly getting updated, but you're seeing some exclusive workouts and you're seeing some exclusive content in there, just like the day in the life video that some of you guys had mentioned to me, why is it on YouTube? Some of you thought that I might have deleted it. It's not been deleted. It's actually on the app. So if you're a member of my FS-T-7 app, go check it out. You can see the workouts in there, but you can also see some exclusive content. And if you're not a member, you get a chance to go and try it out right now. So go to honeyrandballad.com and download the FS-T-7 app. Good for iOS as well as Android and check out the exclusive content as well as the exclusive workouts. So again, appreciate you all. Honeyrandballad.