Get ready to do another back workout with Mr. Holiday Chopin. Tonight would be two weeks out exactly to the finals. So again, 14 days there will be the results of the 2025 Mr. Olympic competition in Las Vegas. If you haven't bought your tickets do so if you're not going to be able to make it out there then definitely want to sign up for the paper view and for those that don't know yet the Dubai Chocolate is now available at eugenetrition.com. This right we drop this Dubai Chocolate especially if you have a nut allergy or if you're not sensitive in any way some people get a little bit bloated on regular nut butter or just nuts in general. This has got a great flavor system that is nut free. So again give it a try to buy chocolate now available at eugenetrition store as well as all eugenetrition retailers. Let's go train. All right guys we're doing the not a T bar road you can do these locked in locked out basically meeting that you could either have it as a barbell or a dumbbell pie so so you can do left or right right now. Farm it up we're going to go ahead and stick to the T bar just like it was using a barbell motion. Best part about this machine is to change the actual grip so that way you can go neutral or with a standard barbell overhand handle. Everybody asks me which handle is better. Using neutral or using the basic overhand honestly both you should be able to utilize both because you want to be able to utilize different angles of the same exercise to be able to efficiently work on different portions of your back. Yes also doing a mid variation where you do mid point or if you're super nating you can do that as well try to use several different variations to be able to hit different portions of your back so you don't end up in the same exact range of motion ever since. Big tip for you is fact that if you're doing bent over rows and you're doing reverse grip do not go crazy heavy make sure that you're straightening your arm pulling up control the weight down even if you're going really really heavy. I mean obviously you could do three plates we didn't want to go to three plates just control you're going to be able to really pull into that belly button and then right back down right back up again and just feel it. Start off with just a plate or maybe even a 25 and work your way up but just make sure you do not go too heavy because if you end up going too heavy you're going to end up being upright and then pulling your detracts. What we're doing is we're lightening up the weight we're going to go to a 2225 then we're going to do is slow it down a little bit little more of an angle bent over slightly and remember do not whatever you do drag the weight against your hips do not just pull a lot of people you see just kind of do this kind of weird, trug pull in bring the elbows back right to the right. So what I'm doing is I'm pushing his hips down because your hips are going to want to lift just like if you're doing a leg extension you want to try to keep your hips down so you can get better stretch towards the midpoint of the motion so you do that you gotta keep your hips down just a reminder we're doing updates to the FST7 app every week that means new exclusive workouts new exclusive Q&A's and all of my programs can be found exclusively on the FST7 app check it out just for a buck use honey, yt that's right code, honey, yt for a dollar for your entire month so go head over to honeyrandbod.com down look at the app and check it out here's the anchor down your hip so you don't lift your glue you want to stretch as far as can without losing tension there you go stretch good to get the maximum stretch single arm it's super important good good good finish up back and we're delts now do a little bit of cardio shut down for the day taking a rest tomorrow and then we have a leg to the next day so again final stretch two weeks out today thank you guys for following the journey little potty new to you myself it's gonna be a