Welcome to podcast. I'm your host, honey, Rambad, and I'm here with none other than IFBB Pro. I gotta say that because you pay them on each to have IFBB Pro before your name. And you deserve it. Jared Feather. Hey, brother. I know what's easy to do in weekend. I appreciate you coming out for that and we decided when are you going to get your buddy in here to do a podcast? Perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For those that don't know, Jared and I got to actually meet in person. What was like five months ago? Four or five months ago with the nationals. Cappler on ends. Yeah. Nationals. And then where we met. Yes. The place that's unknown still to people. Yes. Five guys. Four. We saw five guys. I was there for eight and five guys with um, with I think I was there with Nick and we were down there and I was having one of my keto burgers that I love so much over there. And um, and then I was said and you just ran up early there and I was like, what are you doing here? Yeah. You came over here like through the glass waving and uh, I was like holy shit and you were here for nationals. And then we ended up doing a workout together the next day. That was great. And it was it was it was it was great because I honestly didn't realize that that was a first workout you ever done with somebody outside of your own programming. Yep. And I thought that that was really cool because for you to be open minded enough to to get together. And I was like, absolutely man. Yeah. What's not a, we can't claim somebody who really enjoys the science and evidence behind training and dieting and not be open minded. You know, you know, if you're super close to all of your own internal biases all of time, you let them sway kind of the way in direction that you interact with people, right? You're probably not actually evidence based, right? Yeah. Because anecdotes exist. So one of the best coaches in the world, why would I not use that opportunity? Yeah. No. I mean, and it was it was cool because it just worked out the next morning. You came in. It was like a, I remember like seven, eight, workout. Yeah. It was early to hell. Yeah. Because we've had to go national slater. Yes. And we got in there. How did great workout? Got you to do some FSC seven stuff and got you to be able to do a little bit of those FSC seven flex sets and all of those. And again, I mean, you're known obviously you coach Mike Isrtle. Yeah. We'll call it that. But you did for his shows. And you say that because you just not really 100% on top of the program. Is that what you're, yeah. And I mean, so when we say we coach each other kind of, but really it's just, I've always coached myself. He's always coached yourself. Okay. When we think about doing something really stupid, what would be like, we'll call each other. Okay. So we've got a couple of friends that we can do that with. Okay. Couple of other stands from a college early. Well, someone like Mike, hey, I'm going to take my corpse to zero. Okay. What do you think? I know it's stupid. But how what do you think? And he's not dieting. He's like, that's dumb. I have one with all the cortisol. Right. I'm like, yeah, you're probably right. So stuff like that. And then just you're giving Mike suggestions really deep into contest purpose. We'll tough. Yeah, he didn't exactly like to listen. What makes him not one listen now? It's more of a Mike question I guess, you know? I think I think he just kind of, he gets super deep in dieting. He gets in this head. He thinks he knows best a lot. And you know, a lot of us get that way. It's just like, it is super hard to coach yourself. It's why most of the top guys don't do it. Right. It's not that the top guys don't know what they're doing. It's that they rely on somebody to put the plan forward and just like be in athlete. And I just think that's hard for a lot of people to really be in athlete. But when you can, you know, give the reins over to somebody, obviously, if you're just doing what they say and they know what they're doing. Right. You're going to come out with a good look. It's just really tough when you're overly analytical and you're in this space. And you hear somebody say something that you might not agree with one or two times. Right. It's like, do I do they really know what they're doing? But to me, I still, I still value the input. Right. And I have somebody who helps me with my supplementation and diet at the moment. Right. And he helped me last prep. And I enjoyed every step of the way. Yep. Even if there were stuff on there, I was like, I don't know about this. Right. Okay. Why are we doing this? And we're like, well, this is why, you know, I know you don't really like refeeds too much. I know that they don't really do anything metabolically. But I think it's a good thing for cortisol reduction at this point in time. Just so we can let you stress a little bit about the blood. I'm like, okay, cool. So don't disagree. I still don't agree, but like, let's do it. You know, you're the coach. I'll take my hands off. Right. And I think Mike just has a hard time with that sometimes. Because Mike is, it's very obviously very intelligent guy. Right. And I think that it sounds like he questions a lot of things in general. Right. And the thing about bodybuilding is it not a lot of it is science based in regards to like, hey, by the way, I'm taking a philosophy on PEDs and I'm putting those philosophies together because there's no clinical studies to be able to say all of these things have been really put together. So if somebody has experience, it's not the same as doing a clinical study on a particular exercise and does it grow muscle versus, you know, again, using a set number of PEDs or PED protocol. So a lot of that that is a lot of trial and error is where I feel like, you know, high level coaches have to go through to be able to kind of manipulate. Yeah. And that's the way it has been for a long time. And I think the UK's a little more, they got their hands a little more on the human data behind a lot of this stuff. So that was one thing. What I do with the person I also do my stuff is typically just refer to it as like a safer use, just because it's only stuff that's been used in human trials. Things for like, whether that's breast cancer patients or burn victim patients like animal or stuff like that. Sure. No, I'll talk about not like PEDs. I do not talk about it. Well, I want touch the stuff that has been used in human. So like, harsh it. Like you've heard like, mint. And DHB. Mm-hmm. We don't know much about those compounds. I'm not going to put them in my body. Even if a coach was like, hey, I want you to run this for like six weeks. I'm like, I'm good. Yeah, I'm not doing that. Well, there's a lot of those things, right? I mean, what's your take on all the peptides? Because I, you know, I have a certain take on them, but I'd love to hear years. Because again, when you're talking about antibiotics, antibiotics have been around for many, many years. Right? All the derivatives. Oh, yeah. Winstrol, anovar, deca, you know, tests, all the esters of testosterone and the list goes on and on. Yeah, the trade, the the tree, the typical tests route and then you got the 19 noirs and you got the DHT. You said they've been around to improve pretty well studied for a very long time. Yeah. And so when you turn around and you say, hey, this has been, say, for 40 years, 50 years, 60 years, 70 years, right? It's been around for synthetic testosterone compounds have been around for a very, very long time. So you know, a lot of the different hazards that go along with it, right? High blood pressure can mess up your lipid panels. There's a lot of those things. Then you start to own in the anti-Ease and then obviously those can cause all also some different issues, especially like the lipids, especially your HDL levels. But when you start talking about all of these other things, so like when you, you know, the the sarms and you start talking about different things, besides peptides, a lot of these have not been tested for long periods of time. And when you're getting a lot of these compounds, it's for research only, right? It even says it on the research only, right? So it hasn't been given to a mass population for a long period of time or have been studied. What's your thought process on that? Because of that? Because again, you being so a science base and whatnot, I'd love to hear your take on it. There are a lot of channels that you'll see that do deep dives on different peptides and kind of the mechanisms behind them. A lot of really smart people, biochemistry PhDs and things, does that need to be true? I think the enforcement reality behind all that is they're looking at the mechanisms behind what it should do, what it should do and kind of same. Because of this, it should be safe to use and now I have a clinic throwing it out to everybody, right? I just don't agree with that much, if at all, I think a lot of the things like GLPs have been studied for a very long time. A lot of the fat loss agents and things is that in each of these. So there are peptides that happen very well studied. There are peptides that are being thrown out to the public that I probably wouldn't put in a client. I wouldn't put myself not just yet, not until they are. Actually, kind of a little more data comes out on them. Things like the sarm, like you're talking about. Those deaf had them studied long enough for me to be comfortable with them. For me to be comfortable with giving them people. As we're entering this age of like the new tech singularity and everything, it's we're obviously going to have better data a lot faster because of AI. And I think within five to ten years, maybe these things will be shown to be very safe and effective and why have even better stuff, like maybe even my old statin inhibitors and things of that nature. Hell yeah, that's cool. A lot of the things that people say on these peptide channels and what they're teaching is like, here's the mechanism behind how this should work. It should work. Exactly. It should work. We don't know what else it's technically doing though. That's when it could be acting on other cells. And potentially cancer cells. There you go. So that leads me into exactly why I've been talking about this for very long time since all of these have been very rampant for the last ten years. I've seen a huge spike in illnesses. I've seen a lot of people getting sick. I saw a lot of people in the Middle East getting sick when they were going ramp it on peptides. Right? And we have pre-op BPCs and disease and things on the nature. All kinds. All kinds. They were just all kinds. They were doing high high amounts and what was happening. I mean, vascularitis, people like tons of stuff. Because like you said, and this is what I said, I said, you know, you get gene expression. And what happens is when you don't know which genes are going to express, your body is constantly fighting cancer. It's constantly being able to do a self-check, almost like a virus check on a PC. And what it's doing is it's keeping your body in check. So if those cells go a little bit rogue, it cleans itself up and then it never really becomes cancer because of the fact that your body is constantly fighting that. And then as your antivirus software ends up getting as you get older or you have certain gene expression or you have certain genetics. Again, I'm speaking about it because my mom had leukemia when I was 14 years old. And she had a acute myel leukemia AML, which is the hardest, most prevalent version like to mean. It is most least likely for you to survive. Right? She had a 9% chance of living back in, you know, my sophomore year in high school. And it was one of those things that why I decided that I was going to compete naturally. Right? Because I did not know what kind of genes were going to be expressed. And being that I was very science-based and I again, my degree is in biology with an emphasis in neurophysiology by Ohio chemistry. It was I think that's what I geeked down on in college and got my degree in. And I was competing as a natural bodybuilder. I got into supernatural supplements to try to circumvent the hormones circumvent IGF1, GH. Any of those things that can express those types of genes. Because you can't go in there and express it and say I want to just focus on these cells. Right? Yeah. Yes. Not yet. And then when you get into some of these newer compounds, even more so. Right? So when you turn around and you start talking about these new compounds, it becomes very scary. But when you're talking about anovar, deca, test, all of these things, you know pretty much cause and effect. They've been very, you know, widely studied. So for me, that's the same thing is what you're saying, which is like, this is one of the reasons why I might do not talk about these things because these things, again, I've been able to be part of a lot of bodybuilders' journeys to win Olympias and turn pro people pro for a very long time. And they weren't necessary at that time. And so when people turn around and think that there's one singular anabolic agent, it could be insulin, right? Or it could be any of these peptides or any of these and then you go, oh my god, we have to do IGF1, LR3. You have to do this. You have to do that. It's no. Because again, as being a coach for over 30 years, didn't have to use any of those. Right? So now did some of the clients do? Yes, absolutely. But I was never a fan of insulin. Been very open about that. Jay Cutler talked about how I took them off of it. So now I talk about it. Yeah, I talked to Jay about it too. Yeah, what did Jay say? Same shot. Same exact thing you said because we had that conversation out here. So then when I saw Jay, we were talking about it. And as a guy didn't do for that Olympia. And it was one of my best hooks ever. I was like damn. Yep, that's awesome. Yeah. Yeah, but no, I agree, man. It's just because we know these things really well. Does it mean that the better things aren't going to come? And it doesn't mean that there isn't a peptide out there that is like kind of like a really strong agent that's going to help a lot of things. That's right. But I just don't think we're there yet. To promote it as heavily as a lot of people do. There's like all kinds of crazy shit with these healing peptides when we were mega-dosing BPC and mega-dosing TV. Do you know what's going on with the GI with that stuff? Do you know what's going on with just a little fatic system or they're just the ability to recover and really get off of it? Like I just don't think it's well-studied enough. They're really say, hey, mega-dosed this stuff. And then make it super available information for people to be like, oh well this guy mega-dosed it. Let's just go ahead and shoot up all this BPC and TV and whatever other peptides people want to put in on my pants. Oh that's a lot of shit. Yeah. Like you said what people didn't use it back then. What happened to like figuring out your diet and training and nailing that down? Yeah, getting your nutrition, your training and there's so many great, great natural supplements that you can be able to help, which is just being able to recover, help with strength, all those things. I mean, like I said, these peptide channels like they could, nobody actually has 100% but I'm going to say this as a example. They could be 100% correct about a lot of the things you're saying from the mechanistic standpoint and it could just potentially be just that mechanism that's occurring. I am not comfortable with seeing with the 100% certainty that that's exactly what's going on and nothing else is going to happen. That's right, which is why I would not do it with somebody. Yeah. Well it's on the person obviously, just like it's on the person to come to you and be like, I would be an instrumentaly beer. I know what it takes. I'm going to do the antibiotics. And that's there, you know, I'm pretty libertarian. That's their choice. Yes. I'm going to tell you about the downfalls, the pitfalls and I'm going to tell you about the same thing with like the peptides and if you choose to do them still, when you have like a a strain, I'm going to tell you why maybe you shouldn't mega dose it and maybe what dose it is are probably a little better. What I'm not, I can't make the decision for you. Right. Talk to multiple people about it. Maybe talk to an actual physician about it. Yeah. Take probably smarter and just hop in on the bandwagon. Right. And fortunately, I think a lot of the physicians just don't know either. Right. Because there's a lot of good sports med doctors out there now. There's new ones. Yeah. That are definitely learning from people who are a little more person, the biochemistry behind that stuff. So that's good, at least. Yeah. I'm going to get better all the time. And I think that those doctors are the ones, the best doctors are going to be the ones that have experience. Right. Because they have just like the clientele that are taking, you know, TB or BPC or any of those types of compounds. And they go, hey, look, this is where I found it useful. This is where I didn't find it useful. This is if you have these pre-existing conditions, diabetes, heart disease, this, and this, I will keep away from or whatever it is. But, or your lipids, you know, profile is this way. That's why I would not recommend ABC. I think a lot of that comes from again, trial and error. Because modern day physicians, the problem I have with them is the fact that most of them don't know anything about wellness. Most of them don't. It never been trained on nutrition. They're just really trained to go through medical school and have the basics. And then they get, you know, trained by a lot of, you know, farm reps. Yeah. At that point, you know, they don't go to the root of the problem when they have their issues. So when you go into any of this performance, then it's even less doctors that have any of those backgrounds. Right. But when you look at your, you know, clientele or when you're working with somebody, do you feel like you're sitting down and starting to look at it all holistically or how do you, how do you break it down? Because I know you don't have a ton of people that you work with. But when you're doing things, what, what catches your eyes is it, is it more of the training side or do you kind of look at all, you know, all of the things proportionally when it comes to nutrition, training, supplementation? Generally, it's all of it for the most part from most clients. Oftentimes it's just training. So I'm not just just training a diet because like yourself, I love to work in the naturals. I'm doing like 50 plus people pro and natural organizations work with tons of natural pros, tons of natural champions. So my biggest thing through school, obviously was the training and the nutrition. You know, the master's degrees and exercise physiology with the emphasis and exercise metabolism. So similar stuff by chemistry. Right. And part of that, like tons of training content, tons of training stuff. So when I sit down with clients, it's more of an annual plant basis. Like here's what they want to do. Right. Here's what smart to do. Here's kind of the general structure of it all. Somebody wants to compete. I think it's too soon. I tell them why. I say, here's a block of what we'll do for your massing phase. Here's how the general outline will be. You're going to be in a hypercoloric state. You're going to be eating more food than you're burning, burning, and they're going to do this with your training. Here's the muscle groups that I think we should emphasize or they're just natural and too small to give us shit about emphasizing muscles. So we just train the hell out of them. And then we'll go through a phase where we maintain you and I'm going to put you on a maintenance diet. And then we'll do this for the other block of training. And by that time you have like a pretty structured annual plant for a client. So that's the first thing you got to do is I can need analysis of the person. You see them down. You do needs analysis. You say, what do you want? What are your goals? Blob law? Okay, that's a great goal, but you're not going to be a Mr. Olympi. I'm sorry. So let's scale it back a little bit. And then you just like you discuss with them what they want to do after that you develop the annual plan. And then you kind of step by step, auto regulate what's going on from there. So it's not just like, okay, well, let's start training and dieting tomorrow. It's like, I want you to do a full deal. I want you to kind of get rid of the 50-garde carrying. We're going to go through this process over that week where we do the news analysis. I develop your annual plan. We discuss the annual plan. We agree on the annual plan. Right. And then from there, we go into the phase that we decided and we auto regulate based on how you're looking and if you change your mind. So like, so somebody could be in an annual plan whether like, I wanted to step on stage in a year. And then they're like, hey, I'm actually getting into grad school in nine months. Can we push that up? I want to do the show in seven months. And then it's like, okay, cool. We're two months in. Let's go ahead and do the maintenance phase a month early. Yep. And start to diet a little earlier too. Because you just have sort of this auto regulation. That's just, that's, you do it too. Yeah. And I think the cool thing about it is that you're just basically, you're putting a blueprint together. That's it. Right. And then you're working backwards. You're saying, hey, this is where I'm going to want it to be. And then this is, I'm going to need 12 to 14 weeks in this phase. I'm going to need another four to six weeks in this phase. And then I'm going to need another eight to 12 weeks in this phase. So we're going to go, right. And this is how we're going to turn around and do it. And then you put together the nutrition, the supplements, and then you make sure that all the hormones are regulated properly, whether you're natural or whether you're in hairstyles. And that's how you go. All right. That's part of the knees analysis too. Like, one of the last blood work. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, see what's going on. Those are musts, right? Those are musts. You know, and then I think, again, a lot of people always ask me, like, what is it that made my success? Yeah. Like, oh, like, the percentages of my hit rate so good, right? And it was a lot of it. I would filter out by talking to people and understanding the mentality and not trying to put a round peg in a square hole, right? And I feel like, do you go through the same thing? Do you do that? Or is it like, how do you kind of decipher who you want to work with? Because again, I would always, almost psychoanalyze somebody to understand, am I going to be able to make them coachable? Like, somebody like Mike, right? Just bringing him back up because he's such a, like, again, he's a brainiac, right? The guy is super smart. He's got so much going on. But is there ever a time in your head that says, like, dude, I can't coach this person because it's very uncouchable. He's very tough. Yeah. It's, I have to decide on how do I want to deal with that position or not? Yes, and no, there's a initial consultation where you're getting to know somebody to begin with. At this point in my life, I'm able to kind of pick and choose. So I generally know the people, like, either know them pretty well already, or they're a content creator of what's called them. Okay. Or somebody high level and bodybuilding, right? Or some, like, actor, let's say. And I know that they have a specific goal. I've seen their stuff. I've listened to them talk with an initial consultation. We talk about their goals. We do the needs analysis together. And at the end of the day, they're stressing me out, too, right? Like, how does this guy respond to my emotional state? How does he respond? Like, what's, what's his answers? What are they like? Are they concise? At the short? Is it kind of like a do as I say? Type of guy? Is that what I want? Because you're not for everybody. Right? Like, I'm not for everybody. I either the client might not be for me. I might be for them. So we're kind of discussing each other out. And I feel like, how do you think it went? And then, you know, I give them feedback. And I'm like, if I said this, what would you say? And same to them. They're like, yeah, I've had people who are like, I feel like you're too sympathetic. You're too entooned with, like, what I feel and what I want to do. And I just want somebody to tell me eat this. And I'm like, yeah, I'm not your guy. I'm not your guy. I'm just not going to do that. I'd rather teach you and mentor you. So that is kind of like the difference. Because you, I think most your client tell were like, do exactly what the hell I say. And you also had a really good, like, you were very, like, entooned with their emotional states. Like, everybody, everybody of coach that I've heard, they're all like, honey gave a shit. Yeah. I did what he said, but he knew when something was off. And he gave a shit. Yeah. Um, which is what a lot of people need. They just need to be told what to do. But they also need to coach it. Can't pick up on that shit. Yeah. Um, so what you do is amazing. And then for me, I'm not just do what I say to my guy. And if a client wants me to just tell them exactly what to do, it's odd. So even with like, let's discuss Nick, for example, I'm like, here's the exact thing I want you to do because that's how he is with your daughter. We're talking about Nick, Nick Walker, right? Here's exactly what I want you to do to train. If I put an exercise on here, that you do not like tell me, and I will change it to something that's very similar and stimulates the muscle in a similar way. And that's all he needed. Sure. If I was like, you have to do this. He would have done it for sure. Like, he would have just sucked it up. Yeah. But there's given you take. Right. You want that feedback? Yeah. Because you don't want them to feel like they have to do exactly it because what might work for somebody, not work for somebody else. And so therefore, you have to have that level of flexibility. A lot of people don't want it. Right. And then I'm like, I'm going to tell you to change stuff if you don't like it. Exactly. And then, and I feel the same way, I think that you do need to get that feedback, right? I do feel that sometimes, though, there has been times, you know, just to give a little bit of reference point to people, I have made a diet extra hard for people, not really the Olympic guys, but as I was bringing people up to toughen them up. Oh wow. And I did that because what I would need early on in my career was that people that wanted to turn pro was mostly the types of people that they wanted to just the easiest way out. Yeah. Right. And what I would do is actually find a harder way, because I'm testing the resolve in the in off season so that if I had to turn around and say, hey, no, I want you to do cardio. Yeah. And again, I'm doing it to see how coachable the person is. Yeah. Are they willing to listen? Because then when we go to war together during the last 12 weeks of prep for the USA, I know whether or not this person is going to do what it takes. So again, it's my version of Navy SEALs training. Yeah. And I feel like you have to be able to have psychologically that strength to be able to handle doing this. Okay. And it's one of those things where it's again, carb cycling in the off season, doing this, doing things that again, weren't really traditionally done 20 years ago, right? And I would do those things. And sometimes I would be a little more extreme with it because I was testing someone's resolve. And then when I was able to get them through that, what it did was it actually helped our bond in that trust. Yeah. And then when I was able to do that, when we go into the prep, we'd win the overall USA. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And that's another good point because that's a very specific clientele. Right. So with the body builder. Yes. That might be necessary. That is. That might be freaking necessary. Well, it was for me, for my formula. Yeah. No. And you know. And then. But not for like a regular person, right? Exactly. Not for a regular person. Like, you know, I worked with Ethan Supli, he was an actor. Okay. He was the big, big fat white dude on remember the Titans. Remember that guy? Yeah. He lost 250 pounds. He had like really cool transformation. So I worked with him for the last half of that transformation. And that was more of a guy who I was like, I want, I know your, I know your problems with food. I want to get you to a point where you are completely intuitively eating. You are eyeballing the shit out of your food and you're nailing it. And we got him down to that 250 brought him back up 10 pounds to 60 created a settling point and basically got it to where he was just eyeballing his food. And he maintained that body weight for a very long time. And that was like, if I were to be like, I'm testing your resolve to an actor who just wants to lose the body. Right. You would have been like, okay, fucking out of here. Yeah. Yeah. Because I wouldn't know that. Yeah. Well, no, but you know, it was like, but he would be struggling. Right. But for sure. He'd be like, I already did this to myself. I already did this to myself. Yeah. I lost 200 pounds. And then I gained 400 back. And then, you know, it's just like, he already did that. Yeah. There's a, there's a better way for that guy. Right. Somebody like a body builder. Yeah. I've done that to them. People too. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. The guys that would really get back in the day really sloppy. I would really tighten up the reins. And I'd be like, nope, you're too, you're too sloppy. You know, and you're not going to be putting on muscle when your body fat is so high. And then we're not going to be able to get you shredded because we're going to be so focused on trying to get you lean that will never get you shredded. So therefore I would tighten up the reins. And I would tighten up the reins. And I would be able to say, no, this is the kind of look I need you to have. I need you to have your abs barely popping out. I need you to make sure that you don't have any lower back fat. I need you to make sure that your glutes are tight and not shredded, but tight when we go into the prep because if you are so sloppy, I'm not going to be able to get you shredded. Because I'm so too busy trying to get you lean. And that's the thing. And that's why the guy like Mike, again, bringing him back up, it's like one of those things where he knows so much and I have the work with some people that, you know, are very knowledgeable. And those are some of the hardest people to coach because they want to question everything or they want to justify why they're not listening. Yeah, 100%. 100%. It happens. Yeah, but down to the tan. Down to the tan. Yeah. With more than just Mike too. Well, honestly, the tan thing was crazy. Yeah, what was that all about? This is why I told this to him after the show. So I don't care. Like obviously, anything I tell like I say, I would say to Mike's face. This is not me, shit talking. Yeah. I said, Mike, you're the worst person that I've ever coached because you hate bodybuilding. Bodybuilding as a sport. You love bodybuilding as a passion project. Right. But the sport aspect of bodybuilding requires you to exfoliate your skin. Yep. It requires you to do the athlete check in. It requires you to get a stupid fucking tan. It requires you to do posing practice. That's the sport of bodybuilding. You're telling me that you enjoy it, but you don't. You enjoy building muscle and losing fat. You're great at that. He's an amazing bodybuilder, but not a sport bodybuilder. Bodybuilding has a sport, beauty pageant. But he's bad at it. He's the worst. Because I will not do that though. He just doesn't like it. But this is the thing. You don't like this. Why are you? You know, I don't like golf. I'm not going out and playing 18 holes. Right. Like against people in a competition. Gotcha. Without practicing. I'm not doing that. Why are you doing bodybuilding shows? If you hate that stuff. Was he trying to show him pro? Yeah. He wanted to. Yeah. To turn pro. Like just to turn pro? Yeah. You know, we all got to like thing inside of us. We're all competitive. He let me use a black belt and BJJ. I don't know what I mean. Like he's a competitive human being. Gotcha. And there's something inside of him that like wants to prove to himself that he can do it. We all have it though. Like I had it too. Now I'm a pro. I want to be on the Olympic stage. It's still there. Like I still have the passion. Right. But you have the attention to detail and you're willing to do the homework. For sure. I'm willing to do the bodybuilding sports stuff. Right. Like last my last show. I had my my best tan ever because I actually did a tan two two days out. I did a pain in my skin. I had an exfoliated two weeks into the contest. I worked on posing. Like after we had our posing. Yeah. I think together. I was like, I got to practice more. That's right. So like I did. You can see the improvement by the thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did the bodybuilding sport stuff that I that I also hated. I hated that stuff. The posing routine all of it. I was like, dude screw this. Like why? Why? What the? Is the pageantry of it. Yeah. Kind of sucks. Yeah. But you got to learn to like it. Yes. Or you're going to hate the damn thing. And you're going to end up like how Mike did it his last show. Right. Like he was so stressed and hated all that all the aspects of that stuff. Yeah. He didn't exfoliate. He's going to get one base tan. Like he didn't even get a dark tan. And then he got just the whole check and process he hated. He wasn't enjoying being there. You got to fall in love with that part of it. Or you or you will not do well. You just won't. Like you can't hate that part. No. You have to cross your teeth and do it. Yeah. Like so I'll bring him Nick Walker again. Look at Nick Walker's energy on stage. Yeah. It's hard not to look at the guy. Yeah. You can hate him all you want. But when he comes out he's a kidding most muscular. I don't think anybody can't be the crowd. I don't think anybody hates Nick. No. I mean there's hate. I hate well there's haters because I think that they are fans or they were fans that were disappointed because of the situation because they want to see him on stage. Yeah. But I just think that now they rasm. Yeah. But I don't think they naturally hate him. I think that's a good guy. I just think that he's misunderstood. And I think that a bit of it has to do with the fact that they're just disappointed. Right. These fans are disappointed because they want him to do so well and they like them so much that they really want to turn around and be like, come on get on that stage and do what we think you can do. Yeah. And go out there's always people who hate on like the physique aspect. You're not a body builder because you don't have a chongroan shape. Yeah. You're not a body builder because your hair gets stupid and that's all I can look at. Like this is always that kind of shit. Of course people are there to do it's just but you know how you can do that. You know how you get around that? Are just ignore it. That kind of stuff. No. You know what you do? What? You kick ass. For sure. And that's what Jay did. Right. Jay back in the 2000s, 2010, 2007, 2008, all of the time when Ronnie was done up until the Ronnie, it was him and versus Ronnie. You were either a J fan or you're Ronnie fan. Right. And then when Ronnie basically got hurt and then he kind of retired as a last start shrilling up as a tricep. All that. What ended up happening was now Jay was the heir apparent. And then all of a sudden Jay was a refrigerator. Jay was this because he was no longer like second you know like the guy that was kind of like on the come up you know. And so what happened was a lot of people put a lot of just negativity and Jay. They called the refrigerator. They called them all of those things right. And when he came out and he won the first Olympia they were just like, yeah, you didn't really beat Ronnie. Ronnie lost because he just didn't beat the best version of him. So it was kind of a shitty feeling for him. I'm sure because of the fact is that you'd always want to go and beat somebody at their best. And but he's still one rightfully so. And then the following year the whole thing with Victor Martinez, then that create a ton of controversy. But I think what ended up happening was there was a lot of people just really didn't like Jay. Yeah. Really didn't like Jay. What all turned around was oh nine. And because of the fact that he was able to not just win his fans back, but he was able to win the people that didn't now respect him. They respected him now because they're like holy shit. This is you know, his best look ever. And what was cool was to see that it was just like the swell right the swell up till now even the foot stomping and I'm so proud to be a part of that. But at the same time the coolest thing was the fact that you saw all these haters. Guys that didn't even think he was going to be in the top five in 2009. And then it just changed. It just changed. Like the world just completely it was like Thanos' fingers got snapped and everybody loved Jay. Dude, to be honest that's like me and Nick Walker. Okay. When Nick was like coming up I was like I was one of those people was like this is he he's like blocky. He's super muscular. Great arms. Yeah. I just don't think he's going to do well as a pro. He blew his pro card out of the water. And they go oh well he looked good on stage. And he was going to do the Arnold. I was like I don't know about that. He won the Arnold. I was a holy shit. He just keeps proving people wrong and he kept getting better and better and better. When we came friends and you know we shared these stories and stuff because he's the same way with our peers like this science ship man leaving reps in the tank. What are you talking about? And then he ended up doing it and loving it and now he's made the best prior server. Yeah. And it's like so it's like funny because we both kind of had like similar genesis to each other. And that's exactly what Nick's done man. He just kicked ass like you said that's how you shut people that hold up. And I think that that's honestly what's going to happen this year because he's ridiculous right now. Yeah. I saw some updates. Definitely looking around for alerts. So you're doing what's training? And then Kyle is doing his nutrition. Yeah. He's doing his nutrition. And so he's got the both of you. And now he's no longer in Vegas. He's back and flooring right? He's in between. In between. Yeah. He's like yeah he has his house in Vegas still and he has a house in Florida and he's kind of like what we're going to at least see him every six weeks. So I went out there Startup rep. Here's about 306 and he's doing Pittsburgh Pro for those of you that don't know and I believe that's about 14 weeks Yeah, give or take yeah, and he's 300 right now. Yeah, and just a big boy. Yeah, it's cool to see man Yeah, so so I think that's why I'm saying like again Not being in the last two Olympias. I think frustrated a lot of fans. Yeah, and that's why but I think the minute he can come back Look great. I think a lot of that stuff is gonna be water under the bridge You know, I think it's cool because because again, I've seen it. I've been there I've done that. I've you know, I've been a part of that journey where I've seen people that we used to do that That's what I was gonna say like the cool thing about I'm just gonna go on a freaking rant right now It was a shit pisses me off Tell me how you really feel, Jad the cool thing about Training with you is seeing how similar the concepts we put in play are to how you train people People are always like science is science had a stupid as dumb whatever It's like no, it's not in everybody and their mom whose ever gotten into bodybuilding has tried to do the smartest thing possible to make the gains As quick as possible to improve their physique as quick as possible and they hired coaches to do that right and the coaches are Have a passion for training and dieting and self-mutation yep, and they're learning from people and they're learning about the science and They're implementing that into their training Everybody's done this you just don't like the guys who talk nerdy right you have a disdain for it I get it all good sure you hate the nerds all right cool your cool job. I got you yeah, and What we teach is principles when people say like the RP method? Even like even when people say FST 7 method like honey just teach us principles. Yes, and he tells you that If you add it in this thing you might do even better. Yeah, you're teaching you the principles of training Yep, and Minus the FST 7 you're putting someone through a session Yep, based on a bunch of principles that you know that's right as a coach. Yes, whether that's focusing on the stretch Whether that's you can be your tension whether you can leave one or two reps in the tank or if you're going to take it to failure Right and because you took it to failure now We're gonna back off in the sets a little bit because you can't do so much volume if you're all you're going to failure You understand these concepts these are concepts or teaching people people don't like that So then it'll be like the RP method it's stupid. I'm like okay There's no method there's no RP method guys right we're teaching you a concept that you then have to conceptualize Yes, and based on the things we're saying you have to understand what you're doing yourself and apply it. That's right There's no method no it's it's because everyone's trying to simplify it and they are trying to over-simplify it right and again when I come out when I came out with FST 7 it was really for the ability to create more intense workouts remotely for people Right, so I was coaching F uh fill Heath I was coaching a couple of other guys that were getting ready To try to get their pro cards and one of the things I realized was that when I would go down to LA and I had somebody getting ready for like the US I was like These guys are not training hard right and then I'm here They train hard then I come back I asked them hey how's the workouts going? Oh, I'm not getting a sore then I'd go back and I'm like they're not how do I create a System so that I can create more intensity remotely if I'm not there and some of these guys are also training alone Fill never trained with anybody you always trained alone So I always was always trying to think not just for fill, but anybody I was working with just how do I create a system? So I took principles of high intensity I took German volume training I combined those I love flexets I love doing things that you don't do When you're trying to prepare for a show because I realized that People would get on stage and when they didn't pose enough They wouldn't look the same they'd get watery when they would start posing and now I go I need to Institute posing in the training because you'll look better on stage This is a aesthetic thing There's been no clinical study on it. My clinical study is my clinical study for 30 years of Experience and just using the induction like I did it in the video right I was like oh you're doing it after one set So there's not really fatigue interference at the loss and you're doing it out to the last of the exercise perfect You're doing it when you're fatigued, which is what you're gonna be on stage awesome if you can hold a pose right now Holding it on stage is gonna be the easiest thing ever because I just said a whole set of chests You hold three sets of chests and now I'm having to hold the most muscular if I can do that under these conditions That's the most specific thing possible. I'm gonna be able to do that shit on stage You're like it's used aduction and I don't gotta be like well, there's no starting on national for you can't tell me that Or it's like no that clearly that's fucking brilliant it's not it's not Like you said it's an anecdote that you came to right that made freaking sense and you just used aduction and Now I've done it. I've done it. It's like yeah that works right and that's the force of I say when I looked at it and I say oh when my clients were not posing enough and even if they weren't posing in between posing Because again when we're talking about posing we're talking about like I prescribed posing for my athletes Getting ready for the Olympia 20 to 30 minutes right and we will do time poses We'll do mandatory poses. We'll do quarter turns. We'll do all of those things a lot of the amateurs Don't like doing those things so if I could incorporate it to the workout and be able to do it because when I wasn't and these guys We're going out there for the first time they would start flexing they would start shaking they were doing nothing in the gym That would stimulate the same type of muscles that were firing on stage in those Specific mandatory poses. So I'm just like okay, you're not doing that So now you're shaking you're sweating all of these things are happening because you're not conditioned in the actual Posing process so that's what we threw in so I as always putting all of the program together That's what it was and again that FST7 original fascist stretch training was so that when we turned around and we were like okay How do we stretch to probably elongate right to get full range of motion? But also what do we do also increase blood flow so that we can get the metabolites that we are going to help you with Being able to really peak all of your different biochemistry so that you can be able to really really Emphasize blood flow into the muscle that you're working So all of those things together was how I turn around and I put it all together when you guys created RP In a nutshell, how would you describe the philosophies? I know full range of motion is very very It's like number one thing that I keep hearing on the RP system is a really good stretch What else would you be able to like I was just defining it honestly just like again philosophy Yes We are term to use for it just because it's like Our philosophy is just that science is the sureest past of the truth and science involves anecdotes It involves this the literature of the studies and things of that nature and The more you can implement Best practices the better the results So you should probably do that that's Generally the philosophy for all of us right every coach and When you go into the training aspect of it all it's what I said We're just teaching the principles of sports science that we've applied to a Perchryffy training to help people have the correct terminology to discuss How to train properly whether that is saying RIR reps in reserve. Mm-hmm Whether it is saying Focus on the eccentric phase of the lift the most if I want the best results right we're just teaching people these the sports science terminology the periodization behind at home and It's up to people to conceptualize Multiple concepts together to understand like I talked about with the Well, I just enjoy training the failure more often. So hey cool your volumes gonna take a hit So if I say most people can recover from 10 to 20 sets per body part per week on average But you like to just train to failure all the time. Maybe that pumps down to eight maybe you're getting pissed because I said 10 to 20 and You're not taking an consideration 15 other things that I said right you're just mad because you like to train to failure Dude, I get it trained to failure. I don't care what you're gonna have to take a hit to your volume Yes, and you're gonna be mad at me because I said 10 to 20s the average and it's it's dude It's hilarious to watch these types of things like internet because it's everything that's ever been said is like a straw man Like no, we didn't say that or we said this thing, but you're leaving out this much context About people do it to you to 100% yeah, it's insane. Yes, we're just trying to teach you guys concepts Like you said to help you train hard when nobody else is around you right train properly when nobody else is around you Get the best out of your training because that's what you want for you We're trying to help you build muscle. We're not we're not trying to fight you Like it's it's crazy man. Right well, and again a lot of the things I didn't have is I didn't have The resources that you guys do now. Yeah, right? It was a lot of anecdotal stuff And it was a lot of this like hey, let's try it and see if it works right? Yeah, hi volume great It worked hit it worked, but what was wrong with hit a lot of athletes were getting torn up on it right and again It does it put on muscle absolutely, but it's going to more likely tear muscles. Yeah I remember talking to Doring about it and he got Four or five different bustled tears right and I said look man if you would have just backed off your you know Your intensity by 10% increase your volume by 20% then I think you could have been able to last even longer or maybe You know a lot of those things, but I also think The ability to have understand things at the time is literally the reflection is you know It's a Monday morning or back swing you know it's so high sites always 20 right But as we're putting things together I don't think that there's an absolute truth I think there's things that we're learning as we go Yeah, right and well this thing I think there is an absolute truth But it's here and we're all here and what we're supposed to be doing is This guy's closer so let me grab this guy's hand a pull-move the ladder and then this guy knows something I don't know let me grab his hand a pull-move the ladder and the truth's still over here But at least we're reaching it together But what everybody's doing is they're like fuck your hand get out of my way. Oh I think I'm gonna use myself. Yeah, I'm gonna find the truth myself and just like Look at what I know this thing better than you you know this thing and I'm willing to hear you out But because you're mad that I'm saying this thing and you don't agree with it You don't even want to you talk about like the training portion of it and saying everything There's like an absolute truth that exists but like you said we don't know it So we are we're just like trying to get there right and we're not going to No, we're never in their lives. We're totally chether up and that's what we have conversations like this Yes, so they're trying to like help each other to that absolute truth that we're never gonna reach But we want to get closer to everything every single day right and if you you're leaving the industry better than when you came in Yeah, hopefully we leave the industry better than when we came in and as somebody some 32-year-old is sitting across from somebody else Studying across from me one day. Yep, and they're telling me stuff and I'm gonna call him down. That makes a lot of sense I'm glad that he took what we we said and he expanded upon it and he learned even more Like I said the resources weren't there there's gonna be crazy resources that we didn't have now right and 10 years Like a I was gonna buy yeah, it's like Okay, yeah cool. I think we left this place better than we came in. Do you best little point let me ask you this Do you think because I know on the supplement side right? There is so much better technology out there oh god there's been 20 years ago when I was coming up 25 30 years ago I started bodybuilding in the early 90s and I feel like there's you know again I grew up in the Doreen era and it was just like man if you can get your hands on creatine It was like wow that was it that was it and creatine again is still the king of all products I think and king of all supplements. That's way yeah Yeah, 100% and but I do feel like now again I incorporate glycerol in several different products. I feel like you know I've been talking about for five years six years now other people are jumping on the banwagon and they're seeing that right We've been talking about for the last 20 years non-stem or very low stem to be able to make sure to Focus because again, stems help help yeah performance. They help with everything but at the there's limitations to it too Because if you go overboard with it again I was just talking about it with Sid and it would literally where I go I don't like to have my athletes to stem Out when we train legs. Oh for sure. You can't recover cut the caffeine so much for leg training. There you go That's something you've got to learn that's something you probably just learned because you coached a lot of people or yourself Right, and you were like doing a leg day one day like well, I thought hell is my heart rate 180 right and then it will come down You don't come back down because again if you're off season you're not as quite in good shape and Then the longer it takes you want your heart rate to be able to come right back down and you don't want to over stimulate yourself So that you can get back on the leg press and be able to hit it again But if you're so stemmed up that you can't get your heart rate down if then you're gonna have issues You're making your lungs a little bit of an effect you're instead of your the muscles you're trying to train that's right. What are you doing? That's right. Yeah, no, and that's you know at three to six milligrams of kilograms kind of like the range We give for people for caffeine intake and I think a people surpassed that so much like for me You know six milligrams of kilogram. I'm a hundred kilogram male I should only be getting six hundred milligrams a day at my peak dosages which is like into contest prep When I'm like completely zoned out on the couch and I don't want to move a muscle and I gotta take 500 milligrams pre workout to get the hell off my couch, right and that's the only time I'll do that and other times I'm usually three milligrams and below per kilogram So like three hundred's like my max usually I'll do a 200 milligrams pre workout and if I'm doing a leg day, it's like zero to 100 maybe Me when you're doing your pre workout right now. What are you using? of the I'm ready to drink the rate of drinks. Yeah, you have the gym ones the EDP extreme so good Well, again 10 grams of not even a product look But so good level so the reason when I do this role amazing the glycerol at 10 grams Because again when we when I designed the EDP aq it was a half a lid for 10 grams of glycerol Then when you start to stack that with the six grams of citrilline the piercitoraline the 3.2 of beta But also When you're talking about caffeine right you're saying hey look with my body weight My caffeine can be anywhere from one 200 milligrams always to 600 milligrams What I also do is take it a step further right I say we'll look Maybe what I want to do is I want to work that in synergy with yo Right so with yo-himbee and yo-himbee barca extract so I don't have to go as high on the caffeine Because I feel that yo-himbee is one of the few Vaso Dialators when it comes to actual stimulation and being able to work just In synergy with caffeine because before biagre they use to turn around and give you 5.4 milligrams of Yo-himbee you have yo-himbee CL and that was one of the things and that's one of the reasons why I picked that and that's why I don't have In that RTD 4500 milligrams of caffeine I have 200 with 1.5 of yo to be able to work the synergies of the stimulant effect But without as much of the constriction effects of back and in the day it was one three was a big one Sure, and then you'd feel like super Superman, but she would end up having no pump because it was a crazy Vaso constrictor and then even your dick wouldn't even work Yeah, right but that's why all of that I would geek out on right it was about that supplement science of going Okay, let's run 10 grams of lissoral Let's go ahead and let's make sure there were on 200 milligrams of caffeine Not anything higher and then let's also make make it so that the caffeine is time released So let's put a couple of different versions of natural caffeine in and then let's go ahead and put this together With the yo and then you're gonna be able to feel it and then you won't crash But if you just go straight and hydrists boom you go right down and you crash and these are things When you turn around you get those little nuances of being able to maximize what you're trying to get out of the workout and get super 3D Right because you want to get that pump that muscle pump. Yeah, it was gonna make crazy pump right I'll even add in like an extra five of the liquid clush Because you want to go yeah, yeah, it's addictive. I mean honestly I've been doing it since like grass school well when we rebuild your program We're gonna pick you up to 10 so you'll go to 20 grams total. Oh, hell yeah, yeah, that's the way you got it She's a good stop. I got you I got you this is a new stop here Yeah, so you get to add in the new flavor in there and you can just make it amazing. What's your favorite flavor? I Was like the blue razz one like it's always a great flavor the tropical punch. Yeah, what is called? Yeah, I dropped his flash That's the first one I had super good to entangerine and then the entangerine that's the one that like some of the citrusy stuff gives me a little bit of heartburn Yeah, yeah, yeah House-haward is yeah, yeah, yeah, but I do love I love all the flavors. Amanda. It's all you nailed the taste. I appreciate it. Yeah I think that like I said I got some stuff while you're here. I'm gonna I'm gonna share with you Yeah, we got some stuff I work on that you can't wait to geek out on it. Yeah, but it's When you're now putting together the programs are you also what's how do you rate the top three products that you like right now? I mean would you put creating this number one? Oh, I just like the ones the most data. Yeah, yeah, obviously Creatines up there or way protein islets up there big time because it's no fads I suggest things. Yes amazing Casing proteins are really good obviously just things to have actual data to support certain are the only ones I really use But I love Argentine and I love the citralines For foam and the glycerals are as phenomenal at least the liquid glycerals especially because I was using powder for a long time We had the conversation about liquid and white smarter and I was again a mixed law sentence And then I got to have the product and I was gonna do the shit's way better right because I would have to do like 20 The scoops of the powder the powder is usually it's a small percentage right it's anywhere from 35 to 60 percent maybe 70 percent and then you also have all of the binders that they use to be able to make sure that it dehydrates the product so it doesn't clump because it's notorious for clumping So then you have something there that's dehydrated you while you're trying to you know hyper hydrate And so when you're doing that it doesn't tend to work on another thing for supplementation If you count like a hydration product into the supplement line of like what works Having something that is high in potassium magnesium and sodium Especially intra and pre workout is a very smart Especially for guys who are running in a ball mix and running insulin because guys are running insulin You gotta have higher potassium So the hydration supplementation is amazing like we do of the RPU tube LMT also since it's packet So the element packets and then you'll I also get the hydration stuff from you guys Yeah, it's like I'll just use both. Yeah, and I don't think Element is a problem the reason why I didn't do a gram and I'll actually talk about this I have never really talked about it Was so that because I personally like the 500 milligrams dose because I want to be able to If I have to cut from a thousand milligrams down to 500 I don't want all the core elements to be also half yeah, so that's why if I want to double up I want to double up those core elements right that's like a mega ampose right yeah, yeah, so that's what element it's like No, no, and have one of them morning maybe and if I take more than I'm gonna shit all day That's where magnesium's just like to the roof and then you got a gram of sodium Yeah, and if you cut the gram of sodium to 500 milligrams then maybe all the core constituents are now in half So that's one of the reasons and then also throw in city-kooline To give you a little bit of that hero cognitive. No, it's good. Perfect But I feel like it's one of those things where you don't realize how it was I was I'm not gonna rough diesel about it right because we were training the other day. I don't know if he's all the video But yeah, he'd come in and drove four hours from Houston Yeah, and he was just he was pumped but he didn't get super 3D and I go you're dehydrated And he's like you know what I haven't paid and I haven't done this and I'm like yeah, and then so we gave him some hydration powder And then through that in 16 ounces through another pack in 16 ounces and then all of a sudden He got strided right because he is When you're dehydrated your skin actually starts to look like leather right because it's not stretched and it's not hydrated to the point where You can actually see the muscle start to separate Minute he put that in his next set all of a sudden he went 3D and then it was just like crazy He's like holy crap man. Oh, like his arms are like this shoulders are pumped up He's like man. I'm ready to do more That's like pulling sodium and and fluids before stage is just like really dumb Yeah, for most people yeah, well again when you do that Again, it's a technique right everybody has a round but when you're cutting I taper taper yeah, I taper yeah, and then what happens is then depending on the look of The actual athlete and how much sodium I've kept in from the core Earlier in the week then I will turn around and you know be able to titrate upwards or Keep the same depending on what's happening at that point so Your body and the biochemistry of a person changes show to show you can't do the same cookie gutter program Two years in row you can pick someone the exact same way and it'll be a different outcome under person Wow, and that's why you have to read the road Right you got to be able to understand when you look at somebody and after a meal or two If their body is starting to get you know Washed out are they washed out because you cut too much fluid? Are they washed out because they're not eating enough or are they washed out for something that they might not even be telling exactly And then you come and walk in and they got that weird look on their face like I just caught And I've done that a lot of times when I walked in the room when they did know I got in the room Because they gave me an extra key or the wife let me in or something else and just during head lights brother And I said that happened a lot of time You're frustrating oh That what you're doing That's why like battle testing and we're really all probably makes a lot of sense well that's kind of and again It doesn't cut that out completely but it does cut down on the incidents. Yeah, that's why You have to build that trust so that they turn around and go look I got to make sure I tell my coach everything that I'm doing So that you can make reasonable decisions in the moment because at that point that peaking process ends up becoming 90% of that outcome You know, right you're gonna be really really close and then you can get him to 90% But if you really want to hit that touchdown whether you run the ball in or you pass it in That last four days is everything and I'm sure you went through it in this last couple of months especially right Yeah, yeah, yeah, my last one was probably like pretty didn't I was also some of my leanest ever though so last peak was a really good and it was very similar to how I peaking the past But we Increased sodium quite a bit more which was because I had to right like I was getting that kind of like washed out look in the morning I was like we got something yep, and then we kind of looked in the sessions against definitely a sodium issue So we just increased the sodium and like three meals pre-stage and it just came to life as a coffee Hey, we're good Yeah, that happened two years ago with Seabumb and when his body was all over the place The second year I worked with him because he had tore his lat And so year we didn't know whether or not he was gonna make it or not and he couldn't train for about three weeks Especially his his poster chain and it's like back and everything else because he was doing those RDLs and I think he was doing like four plates And when you called me and you just I just really just draw it right set and I'm like whoa Whoa, whoa can be that bad and then he told me what happened to go shit. It's pretty bad But it was one of those things where then his body was always having kind of issues because The other thing that a lot of people don't realize having a J2 in 2011 and he tore his bicep and when your body goes through trauma Your body especially if you're if it's even you know closer to the show Yeah, you end up creating a ton of inflammation and that inflammation now you have to deal with that inflammation Oh yeah, and so one of the things you got to do is you have to account for that While you're having that person go through their peak week He didn't tell me to like God to Vegas that he tore his bicep Yes, because I said hey man, you didn't send your last set two weeks ago You sent your last set and I go a week before the show and so for those final five days He didn't send me the updates Oh, I'll see when you get here don't worry. I'm just I don't have time and I got there and he's like Bro, I didn't want to show you because I knew you're gonna get really upset I'm gonna get upset but I need to know right right There's a lot of shit that you know about it right It's not a matter of I'm gonna be upset about it. I got to be able to know and I remember he was he was Lesting at the Mandarin renal and he just you know moved out and other's house and then he was you know I did different kind of living environment as well and I just looked at him And I'm like okay, how are we gonna do this? What happened? You guys I was doing a muscle tech shoot and I was putting the dumbbells back And all of a sudden rip and ripped as my son And I always like something don't yeah, and he's like yeah, something for that one buddy and I'm like nope I got to figure this out right we're gonna have to like and then just kept getting worse Yeah, the black and blue was just kept getting worse and worse and worse and worse and so But again then his body wasn't drying out Right, it wasn't drying out so then you have to pick a path at that point and say okay Am I gonna try to dry it out or am I gonna try to take the full look? Yeah, and then so exactly I did the same thing with C1 the second year and then I'm like okay I'm gonna go with a full or look I'm gonna really take him to another level to be able to get those body parts full that are just not as big Because of the fact that he had injured the lats and that's what really that's what we did So I paid off the two or three thousand calories before Let's say it had to be crazy because he's still had to make way Well, no, he made way to ready so it was the morning of the show five AM his body was just not working and it was like We had to be After taning at 637 and he was on stage at 930 and and it's 5.5 30. I'm his room and I'm like having that O fuck moment Right, and I'm like this eat The fuck up fairy was that the word she was trying to knock the door down and I was like I had my shoulder in there and I'm like I ain't letting this bitch in I am not letting this bitch in she was trying to show up and I was like I haven't seen you in a long time and I do not want to talk to you today So then all of a sudden I just You know got Courtney to make a big bowl and I'm like mix this mix this mix this add this and then it was just like You sure I just ate this I don't care eat this too and all of a sudden it was like the Superman theme song came on I'm like Yeah, it was just his body started coming around but that's decision how you had to make and be like okay drink this Eat this put this much salt on this Do this and bring liquids back and let's get that body and then all of a sudden just everything came out And then but time he hit the stage. I don't remember Jim Manney coming over to me. He's like what is that? That's awesome. I get a really good way. That's awesome. Yeah, so it was but again It was just four five hours before that. It was like oh shit. This is not gonna look good on stage Yeah, and we had to go ahead and pivot but that's what you do It's a number of times to figure that out That's what happened to Coach President always a big deal. Yeah, and you gotta have a very clear mind and you gotta be have clear concise Coaching and you got but you got to also have that person Connected with you to trust you to turn around and do that. Yep, and say eat this eat that because I was like You know He easily if he wasn't Didn't have the full trust and you could have been like we've never done this before so why would I do that exactly? Oh, I don't know what I do that like we didn't do this last year with the year before that And I've never done it before thinking about a coach why would I do this right? But since he trusted you was right all right Good man. Let's do this no and we talked about it and I said have you ever had to do this and you So as well we've had kind of something like this and I'm like well, we're gonna do something but you know a little more drastic But it comes there a couple of things. That's cool, man, but but yeah, and then you know going into all of the stuff that you've been doing and you've been learning I guess Now what you're starting to see more and more of these studies come out right and I see like even Jeff posting Jeff Nipperd right and he's posting things and are you close with Jeff or no? Yeah, yeah, we put him through a few workouts. Okay. Yeah, he had him up in Nernagan go to Canada That kind of stuff is he is he getting some jujitsu coaching from from Mike? I don't know I was probably should I yeah Jeff if you're listening this or anybody knows Jeff I'd love to have him on the podcast being a natural body builder and he's like I think yeah, I'm sure you love it. Oh, yeah, he's in there. Yeah, he's he's he's a guy that is very interesting because he was posting something about about the form right and we're talking about form and how Similar amount of muscle was built whether you were super strict or you're using a little bit more body English and A lot of the things did you see that study? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, well, he made a video about it. Yeah, he made a video about so what do you what do you think about that? Is that like counter-intuitive versus are you seeing it? I think the biggest issue there is the fatigue accumulation Okay, and like you said with people getting beat up from hit yeah I think if you can put muscles in a more dissatisfinitated position Uh-huh, you're able to kind of get that same amount of mechanical tension that the muscles are affecting and it's probably safer It's probably more effective especially if you can lean into that stretch position and not do the heating and holding With noticing the stretch is a little more important at this stage we kind of know that Doing some kind of body English on like a concentric phase and people like power up like a barbell And then lower it slow it could lead to potentially really good muscle growth. I'm not gonna say that you should never do it I think keeping technique is strict as possible Is this the best bet for basically everyone we're not all Dorian Yates who should have torn more muscles Even sooner in his career with the training he was doing yeah, he's just injury resilient which is the biggest factor I don't think people talk about when it comes to genetics There are so many examples of people Where it's like do you remember that one guy who was prepping for nationals and everybody thought it was gonna be the next big thing And then you just never heard about him again because he blew his pack off for people was quite off We're squatting in a photo shoot and blew both his quads off the phone like there's all kinds of shit like that right But the guys you're seeing at the top are crazy injury resilient too Because when you're doing some of these compounds and you're super dry yeah and you're like Ronnie Coleman You're telling the answer pounds three weeks out, but you're also on a win straw and you're doing all this crazy Yes, it's Ronnie Coleman Yeah, the reason isn't to care hamstring is cuz he's Ronnie Coleman right he's injury resilient You could be just a strong as Ronnie Coleman, but you're not Ronnie and you're injury resilient He's probably not as high you would pull hamstring So to say that's the smartest thing to do is probably not right and we shouldn't be looking at the athletes for the answers Probably more of the coaches scientists So yeah, you can definitely build a lot of muscle doing things a lot of different ways It's more about the fatigue accumulation in the longevity of the career that's right and that's that's the biggest thing I think if you can promote career longevity and be able to walk around when you're doing bodybuilding unlike a lot of guys Probably a better bet for you right I understand enjoyment and I understand being in early 20s I wanted to have you shatter around cool get out of the way, but if you have the ability to step away from the ego Yes, and understand what could probably be better for you. You know do that as early as possible Don't have the injuries Don't don't be like those guys right because you're gonna get just as much muscle growth if not more by focusing on these little details So yeah, could you put on a similar amount of muscle obviously? Yeah, especially whenever you're in a ballaxe involved you can look at a can wait and put on some muscle Depending on who you are right, but that doesn't mean it's the best no. No, I agree with you 100% I think you know how deep comes a mind right so guy like hotty who trains like an animal You know, I mean huda turn around and put two or three plates and do walking lunges with it He needs to do six plates Oh, we got because in his head, but I'll be okay. You're not doing a straight set. We'll do a strip set Because I have to now becomes like a hostage negotiation because he has his point of view It's but in the last seven that's cool though because your guy Operating on those anecdotes and you just said you put him through like a strip set instead These are techniques that As somebody who looks at the literature and kind of like Understands the physiology behind all the stuff like you do it's like okay They're do implementing these form of ecology. Yep. They're this fatigued They're this brittle and they're joints in the connected issue. I'm already implementing a periodized approach where There are more intensity techniques in that last four to six weeks Then earlier on in the prop So instead of allowing him to do six plates for five working sets You were like we're gonna do one intensity technique right strip set. Yes, it that's what we're gonna do. Yes It's gonna be intense as fuck It's gonna hurt right. It's gonna be a lot of metabolites in the tissue right and that's just a really smart way to work around Athletes like ecology because they need that hard grit bullshit right that they want to do that you know It was not smart right now and Because you are very aware and you've done so much of the stuff you get that and I could make that as nerdy as I want And talk about it in the study terms and why that's intelligent, but we've come to the same conclusion right. Yeah, it's brilliant right brilliant way to get into the mind of an athlete and be like hey We're not focused on the low right now. We're focused on the fucking pain and the muscle and I'm gonna make it hurt Yeah, so get on with the squat rack and let's go. Yeah, and look he needs that stimulus right I'm trying to give him that stimulus so that psychologically he doesn't go home afterwards And he says I left it on the table because he is literally an animal, yeah, right? But if I can turn around and manipulate that thought process and say hey look we can get time Under tension we can turn around and take a little bit longer. We can turn around and do more reps And we'll be able to get even more out of it with less injury likely to hit our injury Let's do it this way, okay, and you know and you can hear me and Farcie say hey look dude I don't want you doing this, but we're gonna do this or whatever because I have to turn around and try to back him off It was the same way when we brought him from 212 to open You know everyone's like oh, what'd you do what you doing go less volume less? Cuz he's crazy because he's crazy. He would train two hours a day twice a day and then he would want to do cardio on top of it And then when I said look your number one problem is you shouldn't be training twice a day You should be training once a day and instead of three hours sometimes up to three hours I need you to train for 90 minutes on the big body parts and then up to an hour hour and 15 minutes for a smaller body parts And that's all just that alone helped him win the Olympia because we cut back the volume his weight stayed high He didn't break down so much muscle because he wasn't recovering and again and you know again It was also like hey, take some EAA's do you know do more protein powder You know let's increase your protein because your ability to absorb it's much higher than you think Yeah, it was afraid to eat and then it's it's just cool to hear you say these times to think because it's like It's not that you don't know That him not being a psychopath in the gym Would lead to better outcomes instead you know he needs to be a psychopath in the gym. Yes, and you know The volume then has to come this way That doesn't mean he won't get better results if you could do this it just means that he has to do this or he's not gonna be happy with himself That's right and you've modified it to where Okay, we're gonna get the results we can get because you like to train this way and we're gonna knock that down You're only gonna train this long. You're only gonna do this much volume. Yep, and that's His optimal right that's his optimal Yeah, so when people like you're trying to talk about out on this and optimal that and it's got to be tuned to 20 sets like I said earlier It's like no, no, it's it's athletes ecology dependent for fucking sure that's right and That's the cool thing with Nick Walker as well. Is he loved the training so much? I got him on board We started the train. I started to increase that's a little bit and he's like I need to do a couple sets Where I'm one in the tank at least and I'm like volume's coming down then it's a bunch of concepts Put together to understand Where these things fall right it's not I'm telling you you have to do this I'm telling you what could be the best this could be better potentially for you Right, but if you're psychology's telling you know then it's not better for you. This is better for you So you got to understand that too and that's where a really good coach comes in a play And that's why you're one of the best coaches of all time We're not the best coach of all time. No, I appreciate that But that's exactly where I'm trying to get more people to understand. You know it's You got it also look at it as Chess moves ahead, right your body's going to be constantly resisting things And you have to think ahead about what you do if you up your cardio how is that going to affect your recovery? If you cut back your calories how is that going to affect your recovery? And then if you want to do one of the other Exactly exactly right and again doing too many stimulants I always like hey, but that'd be careful of that So doing those things right and and and and those techniques of what goes on like I like to start Fatburner sometimes with some compliance really early Right and people go oh got to get you got stressed about their adrenals No, I need to cut their appetite back so therefore I can get them going So you got to think of the human aspect when it comes to the psychology Of what you're getting trying to get this person in the other clients that are like no no this this client Need to get more fat off at the beginning of prep yes because when they get to end of prep They will push too fucking hard. Yep because they will see the fat they have left and even if I know they're gonna be on track They will add fucking cardio and I know they will do it so I'm just gonna put it in right now And we're gonna cut back at the end of prep That's right and they're gonna be ready for weeks out instead of two weeks out and they're not gonna be suffering psychologically and have more cortisol response So this is like a lot of that kind of shit in there. That's crazy. You have to read the room And that's what makes the difference between a good coach and a great coach You have to do these things because if you know this person is gonna turn around and do what you just said and add more cardio more volume more of these things Then you have to turn around like hey, you know what I would normally have this person only on 300 grams of carbs over 350 now I know this guy's gonna be training his ass off so I'm gonna go ahead and bump that up a little bit because I know I got to feed the machine So all of these things are all unspoken truths on a version You know So again, you know, we don't get too much into this type of detail on this podcast because most of the time I have an athlete sitting across the way not somebody who's a coach and somebody who You know an exercise Scientists who turn around and be able to really break it down So for us to be able to geek it up together I appreciate it because Yeah, absolutely what do you think is the number one thing that that you know is that most people do wrong When it comes to being able to like whether it's a competitor or somebody who's getting ready for a photo shoot What do you what do you notice that especially now with you know with kind of that fresh eye that you're seeing? Yeah, what do you see? in terms of Training yeah, in terms of training right now What is the number one thing that you think just wanted to make sure that like do you feel that this up that? Is it too much volume is it technique is it range of motion? What do you feel like is the number one? We've put Tons of top pros through workout to this point I've got been reached out to about so many other coaches in the industry like can you help this athlete can you do this? And every session we've ever done on YouTube it's technique it's technique like people have been taught just garbage training technique for the longest time and When you Get your hands on somebody The first thing I'll ask him is how many sets how many movements you do and how many sets you do And they'll tell me something outlandish and I'm like we're gonna do half of that today and you're gonna have the better pumped than you've ever had in your life In the promise and every single time it's like how the hell do you do that? And it's the same thing you do yeah, it's like I need you to Instead of being taught in high school feet forward and sit back in a squat I'm gonna have you do this a little bit point of toes. I'll open your hips and get deeper And you're gonna feel that as you have more for more for knee flexion and now your quadrucks are getting Simulator really well. There's no clue it's into anymore and you're just gonna have a really bad time What a good time You're speaking from self Evidence like I mean this is like again that's what you did right? That's how you used to train 100% yeah, yeah, we all you know we all were taught in high school like right do this exact thing is like okay cool get great Right, you don't question it and then you start to question a little bit and that's what gets you really involved and interested in it You're like okay well they said this but it was wrong. Oh, there's a science to this right and that's it We all took that path you know what I mean so it's the biomechanics is probably the number one thing I would say that and just like straight up just not knowing how to train properly. It's just People go into the gym with the all-enough thing mindset. Mm-hmm. It's just so as backwards like Doing too much is real like you yeah, just set with hotty. Yeah, it's a real thing it is and I think especially for people who use the gym as an escape or for people who Went to the gym and when you're when you have good genetics, you know Because within six months of training you're putting a more muscle in all your friends you have this sick pack You have like little delts popping through and you're like oh, I have good genetics You don't you know conceptualize it that way, but it's obvious and like you stick with it because you're good at that thing It's like if you jump into the pool and you swim a facial app then everybody you tend to be a swimmer You go toward the thing that you're good at and When somebody is going ball so the wall because they went to the gym as an escape and they're putting on the ton of muscle They think like okay, so I know what I'm doing right now. I know what I'm doing and they're just doing way too much Most of the time so the technique Doing too much are huge issues and I think if you could just Break down everybody's technique and and tell them that they don't have to do so much like you do with hotty They're gonna make a lot more progress, right? Just is what it is, you know Especially for the people who've been training a long time, right? But I do feel like a lot of people again Who are starting out and if you're listening to this podcast and you're starting out What you want to do is you want to learn the proper technique because if you like a bad golf swing if you learn Improper positioning and improper just form you're going to have a problem for a very long time Not going and you're more likely to get hurt, but you're also not going to be able to grow And you're not getting full range of motion and you're gonna end up hurting your knee You're gonna end up having some kind of issue with your shoulder and you're not going to be able to really take yourself to the next level And most people don't have good genetics Yeah, unfortunately right most people come to me and go hey honey. I want to be like this guy or I want to be like this guy And I go look you don't have the genetics of that guy So you may be able to get a lot better But you have to be able to be the best version of yourself So what are you doing wrong? You know again getting a training session in Being able to watch something being able to get on an app being able to do those things because when we started out a long time ago It was like magazines and encyclopedia modern body building Arnold Schwarzenegger all of those things I would read every yeah, right? Like a starting position of the exercise and a stopping position there were no videos It was just like oh, so that's how you squat then Yes, exactly and then you would learn from the biggest guy in the gym Right, that's where I learned we didn't have YouTube We didn't have any of that stuff when I was growing up right you would have maybe a strength and conditioning coach in high school And if you be lucky you turn around and you know the guy would know a little bit Yeah, most of them didn't unfortunately, you know, and then if you really want to know about nutrition Then you nothing right I mean I had one of the my strength and conditioning coaches was about He knew I had really read up on a lot of training nutrition supplementation because I geeked out about it when I got into it When I was 12 or 13 years old and he goes yeah honey You know, what do you would you suggest we do for Carp you know some extra carbs and this is that and would be like we do pasta and we turn around and do sandwiches We just I mean I mean we talk about like peanut butter jelly sandwiches when you can just to keep weight on during double days and I mean we're pasta, you know one of the old tropes from like a lot of the football coaches was like God drink chocolate milk after you lift man Was that one of them? No, so my guy huge man. Oh, you do it all say it was like He's like honey, what do you think and I would to be like hey, you know you can throw in some pasta you can throw in this We can throw in all you know When you're making your protein shake throwing up banana throw in you know the nut butters throw in all of these things So you can be able to end up doing higher calories and then he would turn around and the guy is like my gosh He goes yeah speaking of bananas Guys make sure you're hitting the bananas all the time and I was just listening over to the Test yeah, well, no, no, this is what he said honestly God he goes and we're all sitting in the weight room and he turned around and he'd be like And I'm like okay Like bananas and I'm like all right like it's great snack, you know like it's easy It's this maybe that's why he's like and then somebody throws a hand in a coach Okay, well how many bananas? He's like Judas means you can and I'm like whoa right and then just like and then he goes Coach can I ask you why you know so many bananas and he says well What a grilla is he oh Mike and that he said you ever see a small gorilla I'm singing girl is he bamboo bro They eat that but those are the things that I wrote within the early 90s that is like some straight up old hat body But or not it's logic though. Yeah, like we'll look at running we'll look at Dorian It's like no look at the coaches right where did they say and do it? What are the scientists saying? But that is so funny because that is like if you break it down that's literally the same logic It is so funny. It's just that's why this kind of this kind of stuff's important Yeah, and we're talking about it and that's why it's like You know everybody wants to know the magic cycle. Yes, what's the magic cycle? Yeah the magic cycle I'm going to share with everybody on this podcast for the first time Is the least amount of drugs that you can take and still recover quickly? That is the magic cycle Absolutely, okay. It could be two 300 milligrams a week. It could be just a little bit more it could be a combination of a couple different And about the types but what he is to take the least amount and get the most out of it because your body will eventually Acclimate to those dosages as in these you get bigger You'll notice that you don't give the same dosage as a great name as you do a chihuahua Right and then you may take more but if you have room for that because otherwise what you're going to do is compound side effects So the best coach is the coach that can get you as far as possible with the least amount of gear That is the best coach so when you turn around and you can be able to reproduce that's a great bright power by product A good Michael because you can turn around and procreat Yeah, I think in our Our field it's tough we get a lot of guys Because we're able to like pick and choose yeah who have done this stupid shit And now we're able to do the low stuff yeah But because they did the dumb shit They got as big as they did yes, but they got there and they weren't healthy no So they took a shortcut to get some more quicker But now they're dealing with a bunch of sides And they don't talk about and that's what you want to avoid correct so we're unfortunately Same thing with the training I'm unfortunately getting guys who are injured already The guys who are like oh yeah trained super hard core for 10 years and I've beaten my knees up Be my shoulders of I tore this muscle I did that and I'm like yeah, see and then they'll go through a session like man I was short of known this 10 years ago Mickey still wouldn't have done it You wouldn't know anybody wouldn't have done it you even the guy you talking shit on it. What's the same thing with us with the compounds? It's like I Know what you did because I saw what your old coach gave you right you're never gonna fucking do that again Right ever because you have the size and we can maintain that size with much less Right so it's hopefully people are able to and this is cool because Again leaving the industry better than we found it like There's not there was not a lot of access to like understanding what coaches knew what about what cycle and design and things of that nature What there are a lot of guys out there now that are really smart and they use these like safer use models and they do exactly what you just said and like I could name drop a ton we could talk about it But like it's just if we can keep having these conversations and leave the industry better and that capacity Especially because that's the most dangerous aspect of all this shit It's just better for everyone and it's chat GPT is really good at extracting data at this point If you put in like eight clients lab work and you put in like hey, this is exactly what they did Can you find a trend line? I guarantee you it could find a trend line like this is why it's pretty crazy My only problem with that is where is that information going like deep sink Right sure it's going to go that now deep It's going straight to Beijing right it's like it's going straight there They noticed it they went and followed the data and it's going right there Which had GPT where's that information going? All these people's blood work, but yeah, that's a little bit that's a little sus you know, but 21 and me you know, I think Google and a bunch of other Maybe some pharmaceutical companies about that information. Oh, yeah 23 me yeah, yeah, the swit was 23 me yeah, and all that stuff so it's like all that shady shit's going on Like you just like what the hell if they're using it to make the world better I don't give a shit take it all. Yeah, I don't think they're gonna make it to what You try to sell everybody what they think they're gonna need about 10 to 20 years hey, man Hopefully they're you know, they're they're it's cool some of the things that are happening with the eye They're like a Reverse in your cancer cells million cancer cells like they're coming to solutions which is amazing Yeah, well, you hear about this vaccine that they have in Russia and they turn around Yeah, Putin said that he has a vaccine in Russia. That is an anti-cancer vaccine and again Didn't get into too many specifics yet or it's supposedly that's gonna be coming out I do want to ask you one thing about your take on the JLP one right and Have you had a chance to play around with them at all like those I'm bigger any of those types of On myself, no On clients so when you use them I'm fortunate to know Mike's wife Dr. Crystal who's a sports medicine physician She obviously knows about all this stuff prior to hitting actual gen pop and They've used them very successfully Dosages keeping them low micro dosing is probably better than just taking a mega dose All that stuff titrating up down depending on what were the bodybuilders at They're only getting better and better Treasuppot died retatratide So maclotimes was the first you'll be one another actually on several pathways and The side effects are going down and down and down and again they've been studied for a long time It's not just like they just whip the shit up and they're like all right, let's send it out right like it's been It's been in the background for a while right like it's the same way with the internet like it was kind of happening before it was happening So yeah, they're helping people lose weight A lot of people freaking out about like the bone mineral density loss and things that nature took it well that chick wasn't training She wasn't eating protein of course that fucking happened. Yeah. What do you think? Yeah, that's the number one thing I think that people have wrong with because there's a lot of people that just think it's a quick fix You don't realize there's always something that has to be able to Connect to be able to get the best out of something. Yeah, and I think that's the cool right about just like anybody You can't have all kinds of sitting out on the couch at home. You can't take it in a box and train and not eat protein You have there's always there has to be a community like a a cumulative effect that has to occur right I think the biggest thing with those is just especially your body builder if you're a bodybuild using those things you're training you're eating protein and if you can learn pure desation nutritionally What a settling point is what a set point is how that works in the human physiology and You can use these to help you get to there post contests and not be a fucking balloon animal after you get off stage And you don't just shit They're really they're great for post comp stuff. They're great for like read doing that post show period. They can help people into the shows People getting upset that it's like a Like a quick fix seemed to be the same old hat bodybuilders who are just like we'll just book and suffer man just what the hell right why Why there's a solution? They can be less hungry. They can play with their fucking kids two weeks out. They're not an asshole Why that you just want them to suffer because you did? Okay, right gives a shit like let them use it if if hunger is like a huge I have no hunger Like some of the pharmacologists and put it for me Cushes my fucking app is out already. Yeah, and also just the over count of fat burners too You can really cut that back. Yeah, you know, and you want to eat because that's what's anabolic the most Anabolic compound is being able to eat it's protein right is it? And if you can't eat that's I think that's the number one thing the takeaway that I want everybody to hear is the fact that You got to eat and when it shuts it down completely of course your new muscle and you're going to be able to do that exactly So let's think if you can't eat because you're on too much yet You taper the shit down well if hunger is your biggest issue in a contest prep and it really really has held you back Have the conversation with the coach have it. It's fine. I'm gonna still try to help you Find better ways, but if you seriously need it I'm not against it at all, but we're not gonna just bump up to the two milligrams You can like 0.25 and maybe 0.1 like Three times a week and then you tell me how you're feeling right and if you're like I'm having a hard time getting my meals and now I'm like, okay, well, hunger wasn't your issue The issue is that you have cravings and you're giving into them and you're being kind of a pussy Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, well, that's the whole thing That's what you try to cover up with stuff like this right sometimes. Yeah, and I think I think most of the time But again, I'm just good. Yeah, and I just think that people want just an easy way out Yeah, but you know when you dance I mean, my thing is dude if we can get if there's a medication that comes out right and It preserves all your muscle and it speeds up fat loss by like a hundred times Yeah, and you can now walk around at 4% body fat all the time and you don't risk injuring your muscles You don't risk injuring a joint you don't risk any of this crazy shit that we have to worry about no hormonal issues If that drug comes out and I'd look at somebody and I say oh you're taking that Why like oh you're taking the easy way. I don't give off fuck Take the fucking easy way out. You want to look good naked. I don't give a shit Like the fact that people get mad about that kind of stuff. I'm just like dude Okay, I get it yourself for harder than I did. Okay, you're the man now that that's out of the way I'm gonna go back to taking this You know that yeah, if you can turn around and be able to do that You know and I'm sure that's gonna be like we're about let me look at this about 10 years off right from something like that right Yeah, I do think that they're gonna be able to come out with something Absolutely my my inhibitors are already being looked at like big time They're actually pretty close don't think given my secrets bro I talk to you later on tomorrow We got very close that's it don't tell Dr. Mike Yeah, you know his wife supports met physicians. So yeah, she's kind of prepared all this information. Yeah, and he's Russian And he's Russian He's got the vaccine already That's it. No, man. It was awesome. I'm glad that we got a chance to do this and we love you being a part of the team And I love it. He's able to give all the amazing for generally how do you like I've turned on every sponsorship I've ever been offered My thing was always giving back This is one of the biggest reasons that I did it getting you on our P podcast Like I told you straight up. I was like I don't need like the monthly stipend. I don't need that the country. I don't need this stuff I just want to People like us to be able to have these conversations because people put us in camps And it's weird as hell because we all made each other and we all like agree on so much shit, right? But then we have people commenting like honey Rambot thoughts and it's like do you have thoughts? Do you have a thoughts about what this guy said instead of just tagging me and asking me to put my input here? And it's when you when guys like that have been put in these separate camps show people that it's it's really more like a We're all in one. Yeah, camp helping each other out. Yeah, it's just better for the Community absolutely and it's like what you're trying to build with the community with the athletes and here and the coaching platforms and stuff Yeah, it's just it's cool. So and this is the exact reason why I wanted to sign with you guys Because your products are fucking delicious first of all The formulas are actually back by science, which is amazing and The team is just it's just a bunch of great people you're very intelligent and I couldn't be more grateful. It's cool Man, thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for the kind of words and and I feel likewise I can't wait to jump on the RP podcast It's gonna be on me. I'm yeah. We're gonna call this one like RP versus FSC 7. Yeah, yeah, so we can get the clickbait You know, I love it. Yeah But I don't know how you just agree on it. That's right every thing that's it But yeah, that'd be good thumbnail. We'll put that together I'm gonna have luck, you know, I'm gonna have life. We'll never let them know that's it I don't know in real life it'll definitely be the other way around But but no and it's been it's been awesome I mean we're gonna have some really cool stuff and I can not wait to do more training stuff More collab just talking about things walking through them and really setting the tone for the rest of the industry and Being able to have more candy conversations like the one we just had So again honey ram bod Jared feather and that's the truth