But you got today, you wanted to do some, no? You said upper body, like an upper body. So normally I'll still have my usually go back and forth, it's going to chest and back. Then I'll do one more chest and back and then thighs and triars. OK, OK. Well, you choose. OK. The exercises are, no, you choose the body parts. Because I get, I mean, that's how I normally do my upper day. Oh, I mean, I don't know what you're doing. Everything. Yeah, yeah. Oh, OK. So you're actually doing like a chest and back. Yeah, yeah. And are you doing shoulder two? Kind of like an older. All up. Yeah, yeah. So the way I kind of structured it, I have two, two up a days a week. One more like Dorian style where he would do chest back and delts. And the second one I usually do chest back and arms. Yeah. The way I get a little bit of delt in is I do like a upper, upper, an incline for us. OK. Got you. I wanted the chest movement. So like something flat and something like a high incline. That way I get a little bit of delt in nicely. OK. OK. So let's do this. Let's go ahead and let's work on just some standard flies, warm you up, get everything all warmed up through your chest. And then from there, we're going to a press. And then, preferably an upper press so we can keep that upper chest really rolling and even that fullness right from your collarbone. And then from there, we can kind of play it by here and see how you feel. OK. Sonic Plant sounds good. All right, guys. Just literally a couple weeks out. So again, bringing in a whole new package. We almost got some we trained together. Couple months out. 10 weeks ago. 10 weeks ago. So again, just over two months ago, 10 weeks ago. And since then, continue the momentum. Yeah, I was there some good energy after that from here. Yeah. Yeah. Really, really good. Like this whole prep has been the best prep of my life. Yeah, that's awesome. Well, the updates look amazing. And I think that you had some really good momentum when you came and then just kept pushing to the next level after we got together. And I feel like you just kind of like, yeah, man, and wrote that way. So again, we're just a couple weeks out. So maybe we'll get a chance to see a sneak peek. Yeah, how am I? Yeah. We'll do some closing at the end, for sure. See the transformation from the last, the last go round. Yep. So I'll put some before and after, which I next to you. Yeah. All right, let's do this. Let's do this. Let's do this. Yeah. Good. Good. How's the way? Is it too heavy? No. It was good. How's the way? Is it too heavy? No. It was good. I don't know why it'll be too heavy. It's going to pull me back. Okay. It'll pull me back before it's too heavy. Okay. So how much heavier are you? Now, then you were in the past three weeks out. 14-ish pounds. That's my competed. That was 169-70. Right now, I'm around 185-ish. Nice. So it's been pretty good. Pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, just 14 pounds. That means a lot of people are 14 pounds. Yeah. Wow. Last time, I got a compete out of fifth. That 17-ish. Let's see how things go. 14-ish pounds. 12 product calls for the 10-12. Got you. Good. So as you go backwards with your hands, go forward with your chest. Like that. There you go. So that's going to force a little deeper stretch. That's good. Good. Just slightly there you go. Good. Your feet planted. That's better. That's better. Now, bring your hands up a little bit. When you come up, bring your hands together. A little higher touch point. Good. Right there. Yep. Straight here. Good. Good. Don't forget to breathe. Good. Hold it right there. Hold it. Good. Good. Watch your rocking. You have natural tendency when rock back don't. Good. One more. Good. Now, we're going to do a little bit higher. There you go. Give me a couple reps there. One. Stretch. Good. Two. One more. Good job. Good job. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. All right. Let's do this set. We can tap. Let's go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Feet or flat. Perfect. Base is strong. Good stretch. And dry. Excellent. You can go a little further back. It should just a little forward. The act. Better. Good. There you go. Good. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Go back and forward. That's it. Good. As your hands come back and be forward. That's better. That's better. That's better. Good. Big difference. Big difference. And we're seeing go to the little higher. Good job. Come on, T. Good. Good. You able to open hand. Open hand. Hold it. Good. Again. Together. Hold it. Good. Stretch. Control. Good. Go two more. Two more. Stretch. Good. Watch the rocking back. Always lean in. There you go. Lean into it. That's better. Good. Good. There you go. Good. There you go. Don't need too much. Just lean into it. Your hands go back. Go back. Go back. And you're just good. Again. That's better. Good. So as your hands go back. You just want to make your chest forward. Good. Stretch. Good. Come on. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Open hands. Open hands. To get other touch. Touch. Hold it. Three. Two. Okay. Two more reps. Just like that. Go. Okay. Now we're working. Good. Good. With my help. Right there. Hold it. Three. Two. One more like that. Go. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Hold it. Hold it. Good. Excellent. Excellent. Control. Control. Excellent. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's good. Good. Good. So again. It's all about hydration. So he's going to be just sipping his water. Whether you're doing essential amino acids, water. Very, very important. I like to be able to mix between the two. Whether you're some people just don't like a little bit of the serpiness of the central amino acids. Or they can go back and forth and have either two shaker cups or just one shaker cup of water. Then the next one with essential amino acids about 10 grams. So what I recommend. And just using that as an anti-catabolic during the training goes really, really far. So just make sure that you're constantly staying hydrated because as good as caffeine is for focus, it is a dioretic. So just remember that all throughout the day, whether you're energy drink, pre-workout, fat burners when you're dieting, you're doing stuff before you do cardio, you're doing stuff before you train, you gotta stay hydrated. So between the electrolytes as well. And we had that lesson the lesson you're here about electrolytes. And making sure how important it is because water do not contain electrolytes. You need to be able to add electrolytes to get that water to stick, especially when it comes to the muscle. Definitely. All right guys. Just a reminder before we go into the next exercise. If you're looking for my coaching services, the truth system is now live and taking applicants. So if you want access to me and my coaches, all you gotta do is see the link below. Click on the link below and you get more information on my coaching services. Let's get back to this workout. So we're doing a neutral incline panotta press. So what makes it neutral? It's the hand positioning, right? So instead of a basic overhand barbell style press, what we're doing is we're doing a neutral. So you can see me doing this many times with a lot of athletes with dumbbells. And on this particular machine, a little bit more in terms of safety than a dumbbell. But it also gives a little bit more stretch because you're not afraid. You have a self-spotting mechanism as well as me being right above. Boom. There you go. It's fancy. Yeah. How did that feel? Feels good. Feels good. Yeah smooth, right? Yeah. You want to work with the Lieutenant, I got you to say it. Yeah, you can have another play. Okay. This is. So the question was, was Wesley just here? Well, the video that I shot with Wesley was actually in Germany, right? When we were at the people Expo, after the Arnold, we had talked about doing a training session together. And obviously it made sense for us to be able to do it in Germany, him being there for the Expo, me being there for the people Expo, afterwards. So, last week we got together after the Expo, we know we're both there for eight hours days, long days, long days, long days. Super long days. But he was just super excited to want to get a workout in. Because he talked about possibly coming to Dallas. But obviously, that's a big logistics thing. That's a lot for him coming from Europe. And I'm already in Germany. So we got together. We went over to Ivo, Lange and got a good workout in there. Did legs. Obviously, you try to show him a lot about trying to really stretch and probably go for an engine, but really good FST7. Exercise is we did a preload with the quads on the lay extension. We gave me a little bit of the old Andre vibes when I used to have to push him back in the seat. I don't know if you were excited to video with me, pushing Andre back in the lay extension. Yeah, with that thing, it's probably got about 10 million views somewhere. But one of the things that we did was really focus on just mind muscle connection in the quads. And then also going back to squats, because he has a squat in a very long time. I feel like even though he's taller, he needs to squat. Because if Chris can squat, Wes can squat. So it's something that's massively important. And so we did some squats and retrain that mind muscle connection to do that. Super nice guy. And I know that he took that into Matt. And I think that's going to kind of fire him up a little bit. Okay. So again, I think it's a blessing. I mean, it's kind of sucks because he didn't qualify. But I think it's actually a good thing it's a blessing in disguise because with him not qualifying, now he's forced to take time off. Because it was on a ticket either way though. Supposedly, but they say that, but sometimes athletes change their mind because now they qualify. If you were to one, he would have recqualified. And then he would have been hard for him to take it. I've done it twice. I don't have any issues. If I say I would do some, it's done. Because yeah, he qualified, but he lost three four guys to meet. And in my mind when I happened to meet, when I went from six to nine, I was like, I'm going to love you. And in place night again, I'm not having to progress enough to beat the guys that beat me last year. Right. So like, I guess if I could, yeah, yeah, I'm to the point where like, if I'm going to do something, I say I'm going to do it because if I don't like that, that short-term gratification will happen back on stage. Being on the lump of your means is nothing. If I play his 10th or 11th to 12. Right. Well, no, I agree with you 100%. I also think that West is spoke about like, what are the things that need to change in my opinion? I just said, look, the ratio of upper body, lower body, his upper body grew again. So it also made him even more terrifying if the top note. But it's actually not allowed his upper body to grow and put that weight. Because again, the classic, you have weight class, you got to be careful. You can't just keep blowing up. You need to just make sure that all of that weight goes as lower body measures. It needs to be an X-frame and not a V-frame. You got to worry about the lower as well as the upper body. He's so wide. I love how to work to do it. To get that with. But he can do it. I really do believe he can do it. It's just a matter of if he's going to have to put that time and effort and get out of his comfort zone. But we had a really good leg workout. If you hadn't seen it, go check it out. It was a really good workout with Wesley from Feebo. I don't know if you got chance to see it. Now, yeah, I saw the picture of you guys together. I was like, oh, somebody's not going to thought, I don't know why I thought you guys were here. But no, no, I have to check it out for sure. I like, I like I said I like Wesley a lot. Probably my favorite guy out of the top top guys to talk to. Yeah. Not that like that. He's the worst. He's the most charismatic, but like me and Wesley are more like low key chill guys in my opinion. So we connect a little bit a little bit better, you know? Yeah. Yeah. We love hers too. I didn't even get a chance to see him this weekend. He was too busy shaking hands and kissing babies. He's like the sea bum of Germany. So he comes to it like all those fans out there, you know, between him and Marcus Rul. Oh, yeah. That's what got with love to me. That's he's one of my favorite all the time. He's a monster monster. Okay, completely different physique than mine, but. Which is actually pretty pretty. He's surprising for you to say that because most people would be like Flex Wheeler Sean Rey. Somebody that's kind of very like you can emulate, but you like the mass monster. I appreciate people for what they would do, you know? Like he built his physique very, very well. Like I'm like he's Nick Walker fan. Because of how he keeps his waist tight on stage because everything is his power that is best. Okay. You know, so I don't really. Which is your favorite athlete of all times. I think we're at Lea, Brada. Really? Yeah. I don't know. Great father. Great husband. Great businessman. Great bodybuilder. No injuries. I can't think I literally can't think of one bad thing to say about. Yeah. Yeah. I love Lee. I guess Bowser. Very, very good. Very excellent. Good personal look up to. Appreciate it. All right. So to the set. All right. We're doing a phenomenal, incredible. We've got Terrence in the house. He's going to show us how it's done. Good. Good strong core. He planted good stretch and drive. Even though the weight's gotten heavier, he is not satisfied by some of this form. Good. Squeeze. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Drive it. Good. I'm going to help out. There you go. Good. One more. Help him a little bit more. Just two fingers right there. Go. Not one. Him to stop. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Don't stop. Keep driving. Keep driving. All the way there. Good. Nice and slow. Nice and slow. Get the most out of that negative. Good. Down. Good. Good. Money. All right. What do we learn? He literally kept a textbook form through the whole bio mechanics above the range of motion on this line. Press. You can use up to about a 10% variable and still be okay, especially on those every sets. So if you're giving a little bit of body English, it's okay. But as you saw, he gave very little to any difference compared to his lighter weight. He got good range of motion. That's why his chest continues to grow. But not a guy that I knew could have done it. 10 pieces. You know what's crazy? Like I feel like we're in the air. Now we're like, these equipment companies keep loving it. Because I feel like 10 years ago with kind of static. Like they wasn't like that for the last few minutes. Yeah. Okay. So yeah. So 100%. So everybody just had their version of some kind of row. Some kind of pull down some kind of press. Yeah. Inclined. Now what's happening is they're starting to get competition. Yeah. Competition. Competition. Competition. Yeah. Competition. Competition. Competition. Competition. Yeah. Competition. Competition. And then the I so Smith machine right. And everyone's like well, so then everybody else tries to come out with a version. Then they turn around and they up it and they're like, hey, by the way, our new one has got tell us, Scott, what kind of handles so that way we can go if you're wide or you're narrow or depending on if you're may or theme or that's the other one. So yeah. So that's going to be a new addition to my gym. So that we're going to be doing that because again, these are all upgrades right. When I had given a bit of feedback on the standing crew machine, we're interchangeable Well now there's three different ones getting ready to be a fourth one. These are things because everybody's stepping up their game Then when we're a fibo we announced that there's going to be a reboot of the change ribbon series Which is called the fantastic line So Lee Haney trained on that way back in the day. So now Lee is back with Pinnata and they are doing this really cool marketing collaboration So she was there and then I got to hang out with Mr. Hate time and lean ever goes anywhere Being able to hang out with Lee Haney. Okay eight time Mr. Olympia is absolutely next level So being able to see him on the new machines that's a reboot of an old machine But with new technology is next level. So again Seeing some of that nostalgia of Change ribbon but with the new cam technology next level. I have a trivia question for you. You might not get it. Okay What man has the most Olympia's? The man that has the most Olympia's is Well if you're trying to just open Olympia's house open open you have Ronnie with eight and you also have Lee any with eight now go ahead So the trivia the question the answer is Lee Haney and the reason is Lee Haney is because he has a daughter No, it's not his name Olympia there you go boom there you go So that's not an extra one for the extra to add on to the title Very good Good squeeze squeeze Good you're going Well and there you go contract good good that contraction is so important stretches amazing contractions on point good It's arching and squeezing good Good job Put it back and we're gonna place the week one more time a very key point to FST 7 training is during your final sets The working sets to take enough time for your body to rest so you do not hit Fatigue but you hit failure so when we did is we're taking a little extra time So we're gonna add even more weight so we went from one and a half plates to two and a half plates Because we're gonna wait up to three minutes totally fine Go a little longer with your rest break so that you don't get tired You want to make sure with this particular type of training is that when you're using that heavier weight You want to maximize your rest time so that you can be able to maximize the number of reps for the heaviest weights This is it. Oh, yeah, let's go Last work instead make a count in one control control it two excellent two three Good Good good come on tea Good Strations through those traps Know you can lean bro. Do you want to keep going go go go go go go go go go go go go go good Partial from the bottom stretch halfway up go one good again two again Three you got one more pull pull pull bring those out was back Excellent, who Nice It's y'all All right, so let's just do maybe like a feel or another feel or set just make it five reps good Good one more Good all right, right there. Let's do this guys here's a pro tip for you if you feel like it's light because he wrestled a little longer What are we doing? We're not gonna go to do 15 or 18 reps because then cardio That's that's going to fatigue We want to go to failure when you get to the failure at that eight to ten reps with a couple of partials thrown at the end That's gonna help you grow so do not continue stop five six seven reps Then add the weight rest again and then reset all right guys latest flavor of ice a jack just dropped it tastes just like a payday bar is called salted peanut butter candy So if you're into that payday flavor candy bar, you're gonna love the new ice a jack check it out Come on Let's go boom Great contraction nice stretch stretch good. Oh good Licks are locked in stretch in the top good Excellent again again Good Again Good good going Cool good trope trope and give him just enough help get him so he doesn't stick all you that was all you good Down down down low deeper hold it slow slow. It's good stretch good now down right there hold it slow slow on the negative We're gonna work on the e-centrics now go one last one hold it hold it hold it hold it We're gonna do a five second hold for Three two now go up up we're gonna do a stretch and we're gonna do partials off the top good pull one Two one more Daxom Good Last bread Good Pull it out chest up good with your shoulders a little bit like that not pull for NASA right there hold that hold that Good squeeze that five second hold for three two Good job that's rough Good Don't be afraid to bring your elbows forward a little bit there you go Good Good Good Keep that the more tight start working on your breathing from now that's it grown It should be on that stage you can have a lot of food going into it and you can reach your elbow just a little bit at the very end But that's better It's okay, good Good Keep going we want to get good warm up on the set Okay, it's the first mice effect exercise with this one you do want to warm up thoroughly Good Has that contraction feel that's good Good Try good Two more Good one more Hold it good job Let's go Good Six good Some good Squeeze quick good contraction good Good now turn your wrist up a little bit more on you go my past better good That squeeze good Again, go go go go go go go go good one more one more come on Terence Try it up drive it one more you got this ZZ take deep now now it's time to dig deep now it's time to deep you're gonna be on stage in three weeks you got two more go again Come on We're gonna do this one. We're gonna finish up as a dropper Go go down You got this come on soon some to grow those arms into the show here you go get it good We're not going that much later down to please Let's go Good Good Squeeze good come on Terence good Go go go go go go Good one more one more go go go go go go Right there now hold it now go slow on the way back Let's go slow on the way back go slow on the way back got it Good Right Hold that hold that five second hold five four three two Good job let's go relax for second and go right into your front last minute. I know you don't do these Let's see what it looks like no, I think you should do everything pose good Drive Squeeze what your arms Hold it hold it hold it Good relax. I'll finish it up with one tricep movement. All right good Then we'll see what it looks like to good Great good four five six seven eight two ten eleven twelve thirteen You definitely need to know what to say 14 you keep telling me please that's it that's like I'm just doing tell me hey bro that was like you got to tell me if you won't I can I can start telling you a way that should do it. Yes. Yes. Can you talk three reps to fill it out? Good way yeah good that's three four keep going five stand six good good stand Good good good two more two more Good good good one more one more one more come on Hold tight hold tight squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze Now go back slow control deliberate really good good job good job Terrence Excellent Let's go Good That's that tricep get the separation from the biceps tricep really good delcat rear delts are looking on point that's full because he just got done to him back That was the primary body part so again super full through that triceps can really see that the little bit of the extra carbs are really getting him's body to push great separation on the tricep great horseshoe all the way down deep that's getting this is very genetic some people don't get this all the way down and he's also in shape so that looks really good Oh Hold it hold it right there just like that five seconds fourth three two good job I'm gonna show you some little iron but that's good right there Yeah I saw that hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it Good job Okay caps up good hamstrings split good good good there you go good Three just like to stay there all day long control good that looks really good Let's go right into the act of wiser right now position Set it up Good Good Bees Check it now Hold it So, let's just put 한альным model on everything we do, now we make the car through . . is it good turning angle? yesda, but not a sen but a fan it is strong now it's pretty good ourILUTRE just looks like a normal car Good. So, it's good. Shoulder should twist a little more. It's like, try to do it straight there. Boom. Like, there you go. There you go. Then hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Good. Just bump. Good job, relax. Really good. Thank you. Yeah. Good job. Thank you. All right, guys. We just got them doing chest biceps. A little bit of tricep. Yeah. And that's right back as well. Yeah, so we did all four. And just over three weeks out from the Pittsburgh Pro and believe me, this show is going to be stacked. How is it work out? It's great. Fantastic. I got the tricep new pieces, which is always really nice. You know, my name is good stuff. And they're hard to find in some places. You know, he's in stuff. Yeah. Really nice. Yeah. Well, you're, like, so, as you before, man, you're always welcome. We will see him in Pittsburgh. I mean, got to see a little sneak peek. And so we got to see what kind of shape he's in. He's already looking right there. I mean, he's at 90%. The only thing that he's got to do is just continue to keep just chiseling away the micro detail. Work on the posing to be able to show it all off and be able to put that on stage. So it's just a matter. Just landing that plane perfectly at the very end. And being in such good shape this far out is going to make that more possible. A lot of people rush and try to peek perfectly during the last week is not which recommended because then you have more of a chance for error. Yeah. So you want to be in shape a bit early and then kind of cruise in during that last week. But what I really like is the fact that it's been about two and a half months. Since we trained together here at Jim and being able to see him not only get chiseled, but also holding on to his size and growing into the show. You've been doing a fantastic job in your coach and it was great having you here. So again, let's see how Pittsburgh goes because this is going to be a really good dogfighting show. Yeah. Yeah. So and then after that we'll decide on at that point you're going to be announcing what you're doing next. There. Yeah. Maybe another show we'll see. Okay. Yeah. Keep it on the rest and have a bite. Okay. Let's see. Okay. Well, again, some exciting news that's going to be coming out then. And make sure you check out his page if you're on a writing follow him. Then, you know, T is next level. He's definitely putting out a lot of really good content. So again, watch the road to the Pittsburgh pro because you are not going to want to miss it. I will be there myself with the team, EVGEN and making sure that we see greatness that's about to occur. Because this is going to be a dogfighting. Yeah. Yeah. So like she showed us that's what I hear. So, excited to make my comeback at it. Yep. So again, make sure you check it out on your round body. Tarendt's rough and peace.