Can you follow him?èck Good for mu'mo run Drive Drive Drive Bad Hai Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. What's your name? Washington. I'm a trucker. You have something to tell me. I got it. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. What is happening? All right. We just got Mr. Hardy Chopin in the house. Twenty twenty four Arnold Classic Champion. Come in and finally. Again, we definitely, it's always a stressful situation. But being this is the first time he's coming twice in one year, it's even more stressful. Because we had to jump through even more hoops for the visa situation this year. But we'll get down to the details on that. Just happy he's here. Twenty five out of this. This is after noon. You want to go or get some food, but it didn't go train. So again, the hotty mentality just no breaks. Just keep going. So we're so happy to have him here and let's do this. Welcome, hotty Chopin for the twenty twenty four. Sixty anniversary Olympia Prep. We are six weeks out today. To the day, literally, he would be getting on stage in a couple of hours from now. Six weeks and about three hours before you'd be on pre-judging stage. I just got in from Dubai very excited because it's always a challenge to getting him here. But now putting together the stack, putting all the pre-workout together, and seeing how he feels, trying to figure out exactly. I definitely don't think he's going to go straight into a leg day. Something up her body related, giving him a little time to get his pre-workout in. He likes to try to sip his pre-workout, get it kind of in, get it rolling. So it kind of kicks in before he trains. Some of you use like to sip it while training. He definitely likes to hit it and hit it hard. It's just good to scrape having him here. Again, nobody knew whether or not we're going to be able to bring him out here. Because again, every time it's difficult, but also bringing him twice in the same year with the Arnold Classic and now the Olympia. It was very, very difficult. But again, thanks for Nick Erby, who couldn't do it without you Nick, who would give the man, the whole TVC in team. Everybody that really just steps out when he comes to situations like this. And also shout out to, if you guys are watching out from Dubai, the consulate. Again, thank you guys so much for everything you guys do. So again, now it's time to do what we do. Let's go do it. We're going to do a couple sets warm up. See how he feels before we go into a machine. Good job. Got how he could have my kind of view. What is the point? As in 20 years, that is actually, that is the fact that you're gifted to dad. And he is out of looking at your relationship, I've also seen that coach of graduation. So guys, when I'm talking about this, we're just changing a little bit of just slightly changing the angle of his wrist so that we can be able to kind of go into more of a pronated like a barbell type movement. Because right now, he's like almost a slight 3.5. So what we want to do is kind of open up a little bit. Good. Let's go. Let's go. All right, we're doing the panata super vertical chest press. So basically, this is kind of their flat press. So there's a decline, there's a flat and there's an incline. We just got to do an incline dumbbell presses. So now we're going into that flat focusing on that. Come on. Come on. Yeah, we should get that, I don't know. Okay, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to. So I don't mean slow, so trying to go slower on the eccentric on the last couple of reps, just to be able to get a more time under tension. Okay, let's go. Let's go. Go. That's why he went from a quarter to a plate. I was going to put a 10 on there, but he's like, oh, no, this is going to be easy. He doesn't understand what this panata flying machine. It goes up exponentially when you have that weight on there. Okay, let's go. Oh, just one. Some join him alone? Except for him. Teleatrox. içinársg While I was real outでは, itzę was just too hot to warm the kid중ily and there was a Hot Syring accessed the floor into the tub still themed like the other children still had this Ramadan game Yeah. Yeah. Yes, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I think one of the types of electrolyte formulas that they give to patients back in the hospitals there is that flavor. Yeah. That is crazy. Yeah. All right. So, we're doing this penata horse on a multi-press. It's really deep. Good. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.