Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, honny Rambad. After a little bit of a break after the Olympia after the announcement of my retirement. Oh, there's the first one back. Yes, this is the first one back. And after Prague. Hmm. Right. That was a good time. Looks like a good time. It was a good time. That's right. With Mr. Sebum himself. And now I'm here with none other than Seth Frossey. Welcome to the podcast that. Thank you for having me. I'm having a good time. You know, I found out you're coming in town and we've been talking about getting together and training for a long time because every time I'm in Pittsburgh, we'll get together and we'll train. I'll come to your gym at your headquarters at Axon's ledge or I'll get together at the exercise warehouse. Yeah. What's cool? Like old times. Exactly. And then I said, dude, you gotta make it to Dallas. You gotta make it to Dallas. You gotta come over and train with me and you're like, well, I will bro. But and then all of a sudden this year, we see each other in Mexico of all places. We were out there at that fit weekend. Yeah. And that was a great time. Got to hang out a little bit. But it was one of those things. What's the same thing? Hey, you motherfucker. Come to Dallas. So you can come over and we can train. And I'm not anti-social. No, you're not anti-traveling. I'm not anti-traveling. I don't like to travel that much. I don't mind traveling. It's just getting me out of my head. Like when I'm in home, I'm working, working family. Like that's all it happens. But then once I get out of him, like, oh man, like today I was like, man, that's felt like a fucking vacation. It's beautiful. I'm having a good time. Well, it's crazy because when last time I was with you, and I can't remember where we had exercise warehouse. Yeah. And Pittsburgh. And even like the last, that was 23. Right. Right. 23. Yeah. Not even this year. But what did happen was that we were there. And when was it when I was at your gym? Was that 22 or 22? And when in 22, I was in Pittsburgh. And I think it was there for the Pittsburgh. Yeah. And then I came out a little bit early. I traded your your your gym. And the crazy thing about it is that ever since then, the internet blew up. And they're like, oh, look, there's a little bit of a spark there because I was kind of like, you were functional and comfortable. Whatever you wanted to call it. Yeah. No, I was. Right. And then I said, dude, you need to eat. You're eating like a bird. Look at you. Well, again, because I know what your genetics are capable of. Yeah. Right. And when we looked at it from there, and you fast forward now two years later, things have changed. Yeah. You went from like, I'm not doing a bodybuilding show to I'm kind of looking that you're looking more like a bodybuilder. Yeah. I'm trying to like one out to tell me what you're doing different. Yeah. No, it's so I turned 40 this year. I just turned 40. 15 years ago November 21st, 2009, I turned pro on my birthday with you. And you were 25. Yeah, turned 25. And then now I was like, a turning 40. And I've been super healthy, taking care of myself, making sure everything's under control for the past five years since 2020. And I was like, say, I'm getting a little older. Like the 40 thing got me. I was like, you're getting older. And I have so much like unfinished stuff on the stage, unfinished business. But it's not like I got to go do something show profound that it breaks everything. But it's like, what was, where's my potential? Did I actually live to the my, my fullest abilities? Did I soak it in as much as I could? Was I as present as possible on stage at those wonderful moments I had? Turning pro at nationals and one of the deepest bodybuilding lineups ever until that point, like my birthday, like there's I remember glimpses winning my pro debut in Dallas in 2010. And it's like here. Yeah, and literally right the road. And then just getting in my head, I got in my own head. I'm my own worst enemy, especially when I was young. And then I'm like, man, I wonder if I still could because I do miss it. That's the one regret I have in life is not fulfilling as much as I could with myself. And I missed it because of how much fun it is. So I was like, hey, I'm going to get, you can, my blood worked on again, make sure everything looks good. Everything looks good. I might take another stab at this. See if the body could handle it, because I would love to do a show and be completely present, feel it all, and see if I could stand on the Olympia stage. Just because I never did qualified for it, didn't do it. What kind of asshole qualifies and doesn't do it? The one sitting across the street on asshole that thinks they're going to be back over and over and over. Because everyone tells you how fucking good you are. And it's one of those things that I tell a lot of young guys on my run with the opportunities. Don't get inside your head. So now I'm like, okay, let's just take some steps, little by little, and you've been doing that. So is there a one moment in the last two years that triggered that where you really just had a moment? I think it was recently. Yeah, it builds in my head, it built up before the Olympia this year I was like man, I was like the 60th Olympia sounds really cool. All that and I was like I never did it. I'm like turning 40. And obviously I still love posing. I just love body building. I love it. It's just in my blood. No matter how far I could try to run away from it, no matter how many fucking mountains I hike or whatever I can't get away from it. And I'm like run with it dude. See what you can do. See if you can do it. Like just now, be mindful. Just take the necessary steps. And then whenever I watched the Olympia, I was like, man, like Hannah and I watched it together. Adeline was watching it because of Seabumb. Like she's just like I want to see him because she got the meat him at the Pittsburgh and hang out. He recognized her and melted her entire life. And so we watched it and I was like man, that's like, that's the shit. I love that's my shit. I love it. So, yeah, that was kind of just it was like it was a moment when I said, I'm turning 40 and am I going to do something extravagant or not. I was like, I'm kind of an extravagant, exciting person. I guess you could say going after something big. So I'm going to try it again and just take those steps. And you've been discussing that on social. Even when you've been saying that you're taking the steps for those that haven't seen all of the details, what you've been talking about is just breaking it down. Yeah, I, you got to go about it. Like in 2020, before, let's just say in 2018, 2016 whenever I came back on a social media after my hiatus from 2012. And I was like, I'm just really four years later. Yeah. Well, I just appeared four years. I thought it was two or three, but you're right. I think when you really look at it, back at it, it was four. Yeah. Yeah. So for those of you that our listeners and don't know the history between me and Seth, Seth and I met in 2009 through a friend, a mutual friend named Bill Comstock. Bill Comstock was a photographer. He had seen Seth. Seth had just done his first bodybuilding show ever in a key. Yep. And you had won your class, but lost the overall. Yeah. And he had, Bill had it reached out to me and said, hey, honey, there's a kid. He's 23, 24 years old. And he just won his class, but I think he's got great shape. But if you can get in some conditioning, I think he'd be really good. Yeah. And Bill always had a good eye of obviously being a photographer in the bodybuilding world. And then he connected us and you were like, hey, I think I want to do the Pittsburgh Pittsburgh was my, I was from Pittsburgh. And I was like, this is the biggest amateur bodybuilding show on the East Coast. I'm in. Right. And so, you know, we told the story a couple times, but if you haven't heard it, we were talking, he would send over some pictures. I gave you a little bit of information. And then we were kind of going back and forth. And you're going to do the Pittsburgh. And I was going to be there anyways, because I was going to be there with Phil and Jay, because I was, you know, coaching Phil and Jay at the time. I think this is 2000 and what? Nine. Yeah. This is 2009 and you had just done the other show earlier about four weeks, four or five weeks before I ran. Right. It was like a month or two, whatever it was. And then you said to me, look, man, I'm an effing mess. And I go, what do you mean? And you're like, I can't keep my head straight. I don't know what I'm doing. No, no, I'm doing. I'm stressed out. I hold a ton of water. I look good. And then all of a sudden, I just become a bag of shit. But water buffalo. Yeah. And we used to call him to Tonka. It's to Tonka was the way that the Native Americans would call water bottle flow. And I got that from a very, very classic Kevin Costner movie. Yeah. To Tonka. Water bottle flow. What is that? Water bottle flow? And so, when I got there to Pittsburgh and you're like, I'm coming, you know, I need you to look at me. I'm like sure, you know, we're, and we were talking for like, again, the last three or four weeks before that show. And as I was helping you, Jay and Phil are like, who do you even go look at? Who do you have in the show? And I say, I got this kid. His name is Seth Frosty. And they're like, okay, we don't know who he is. Because nobody knew who you were. And they said, okay, well, you know, we're going to go out to dinner a couple of hours. And then I go over and I meet you in my room. Yeah. And after the day at the time was the holiday and those across the way from soldiers and sailors. Yeah. And you were all of what you said. I'm mess. I'm mess. Super watery. Everything just that that went sideways. And when we, I said, okay, first of all, you got to calm the fuck down because you, it was like, you're all over, like, yeah, like literally cracked out of your mind. I don't know, we want stems then. No, I think it was, no, it was, this was, remember, I didn't know shit about fuck, right? You know, I mean, I'd ever had a coach. I just lived like a bodybuilder. I just read the magazines, lifted the weights, ate the food, and did what I thought was the right thing to do. My friend Drew had helped me for the, for Kentucky, Kentucky, but you know, he's, he was just helping me. And then I get there and then you're like, ask me questions, I'm like, I got no clue what the fuck you're talking about. Right. We didn't have the lingo. You didn't know the definitions. No. And therefore, that's why I was like, and I'm taking Glenn Beater off for the first time. I'm like, I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do. Right. And then you were like, okay, calm down. Yeah, calm down. We're going to get the water off of your body. Yes. As much as we can. And I'm like, thank you. You made me feel better. Yeah. Like just basically. Yeah, just by saying those things, I'm going to help you get this off. I'm like, please do tell me what to do. Right. That's that super naive thing that's just like, you tell me what to do. I will do it. Right. And then we got the water off. Someone. Yeah. He got a lot of it off. Well, got a lot of it off. I felt it. Yeah. Yeah. You won. And then I won the Pittsburgh. Yeah. And then that was the exciting part because I think he also won the overall too. Yeah. I won the overall. Yeah. One of my light. One of my light. Have a way class. And then won the overall. And that's like, I want to do nationals. And you were like, hey, a lot of work to be done. I don't care. I don't care. Yeah. I do not care. And it was, it was, yeah. Then what, from May, there, because I really, I was good. Right. But it wasn't like jaw dropping. You're going to go to nationals and take it to the other place. No. Right. You were like, and then, uh, and then as it crept forward, it was like, yeah, I'm from May to November. Yeah. And back then, guys, that's where I got to nickname the pro creator because I had so many people that were treating pro. Yeah. And so what was happening was I already had like Tamerl Gundy. Yep. Getting ready for the USA. Yep. He had just won, but didn't get his pro card. Because at the time, not every person in their class got the pro card. Yep. And then Mark L. V. C. Mark L. V. C. Who I had who won the pro. One and got the pro card when they go overall. I don't know. So one of my guys. But then Tamerl said, I think I'm going to do nationals. And I'm like, okay, but you got several other people that are coming in. Yeah. And it wasn't you as much. I think he was worried about. He was more worried about Brandon Ray for sure. And he said, you know, Brandon's more like more 3D, but I come in better condition. But Brandon was roundlear, roundlear, arounder, arounder just more bubbly. Yeah. Yeah. Structurally. Yep. Incredible. And again, this is for the light heavy weights for the USA. So a lot of people who didn't get the pro card of the USA would just go straight to nationals. Yeah. And you didn't do the USA because we were trying to get you all dialed in to peak at the national. And everybody was pissed that we didn't do junior USA's or junior nationals. And you're like, no way to go to shut it down and get ready. That's right. Yeah. And he, you're like, well, I think this is going to be good too because it's the weekend of my birthday. Yeah. And I'm going to turn 25. And I'm all excited. And I'm like, okay, well, like, you know, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I don't care. This is great for a movie. Right. And but at the end, it's just more about are you going to be mentally and physically ready. So as we were getting ready, all of the pressure of you saying, hey, like, you put on yourself and trying to learn the lingo, how to be able to train, be able to do all of those things, getting together, or being able to get a workout in, putting in those workouts, trying to create structure on your structure, was what was important. And then you fast forward to the show. I think it was in Miami that you're right. It was in Miami. Or a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. And then, um, I think it was you. And who else I have in that show was me, Tamer, Brandon, right. I don't know who else I think that I have. Super. I think I was that Billy or did he, no, no, he already turned pretty turn pro. Yeah, Bill one more return pro. Yeah. But I think you guys are the ones that were in the Kuklo was there. I didn't know if you were working with Kuklo at that time. No, Kuklo, King, uh, uh, the first time I worked with Kuklo was the USA's and he won the Super heavies and the overall the first time I worked with them. It's probably 10 or 11 then. Yeah, that was 11. And that's when Tamer eventually got his pro card because it was Kuklo and him and they both got their pro card. I don't know. I can't remember where we did the photo shoot at the USA's and it was 2011. Okay. And that's when Kuklo got his pro card and so the teamer eventually. Yeah. Because he won the USA twice. But the second time is when he got his pro card. Yeah. But um, but it was it was a good good class and you ended up coming on stage. Stubborn shredded. Stubborn. And I was back when I was working with Fuhua, Mr. Podcasting himself now. Yeah. Fuhua, obviously odd. The famous podcasting uh, a number of the team. He is who, he is who coined for Rosie shredder. He is. He is the guy who did it, which is funny. Just because even that show I remember going in the nationals and like you're like, hey, like it's gonna get a little ugly here at the end. And I'm like, yeah, yeah, whatever. You know, I'm like getting naive and just whatever. And uh, you're like, no, we have to get you to a point where your head doesn't not affect your body. Yeah. And I'm like, well, that's gonna take a lot. Second, well, that's what I'm thinking. And this is funny because back then there was no cell phones weren't what they are now. There was no social media. It was forums. That's where you saw everything that you checked the edge of your head. And also the hammer, and the hammer. And yeah, that was it. Yeah. So um, but I remember you saying that that's whenever I was like, okay, and I'll never forget to do in cardio. And uh, uh, as posing my dad was there. And he's like, he's like, hey, how do you feel? What I'm like? I feel good. He's like, do you? And I'm like, no, I feel like shit, dude, but I feel good about how I look. He's like, I look at the guys on those forums and they don't look like you. And I'm like, well, thanks, but they're pretty fucking good then. He's like, I don't know, because we were at this point like maybe 11 or 12 days out. Uh huh. It was peored. And uh, and you know, I've never done a real carb up. Yeah. I've never felt it. I didn't know anything about it. Yeah. So it was just a really cool process. And uh, and again, those are the things that I miss talking about these things and looking back at it. And it's because it's really, really hard. This sport is mentally brutal. It's mentally difficult. And off season, it's mentally difficult in a health phase. It's mentally difficult in a prep. It's like, what in the fuck is wrong with all of you guys loving this so much? And you're like, ah, that's why we all get along to some degree. That's why it's just it's their feelings that you cannot get anywhere else in life. Because it has a lot to do with you as an individual person. But then also having a coach, having people along for the ride, build the memories and the feelings and like your experience with me, my experience with you, my experience of myself, the people that were in the room, the, the, just all of it. It is, it's, what I love. And hearing about other people's stories as well, like whenever someone else is telling a story, I'm like, ah, yeah, that's just great. Like, because you're in the hotel room, like, everybody has the lighting or where they were the city, this or that, and it's leading up to it. And you're like, man, there is so much heart and passion and excitement coming out of you telling me this story that I just can't help but be like, love it. And I think that it goes along with other fans of sports and everything. But for us, his bodybuilding fans and part of the sport, it's, that's what's exciting. And that's really kind of why I'm like, kind of getting, getting dragged back into it because I think I'm like, man, as I could, it's, it is cool. It is fun. And I love the fact of inspiring people to go after something that they've never done. Because this is scary. I mean, going into do a show, like, it's, you're like, I don't know what to expect. People are nervous about it. Yeah. People like, what should I expect my first show to be like, whenever they DM me or say on a live or anything, I'm like, go have fun. Just go have fun. Work your ass off to get to that point, do everything you can, then go have fun, experience it all. Because you're going to meet so many cool people backstage that you're going to be like, I think I like this. It's hard to have fun when you're, you're a personality though. So yes, yes, it is. Well, especially because, again, I didn't do a very good job of it. No, no. And I think that that's why you going back is a tale of a different tale, right? Like, it's a, you're telling a story that stopped abruptly. Yeah. You are Derek, but not nearly as successful. He reminded me a lot of Derek when that was, when he, well, in that situation, having the pressure of it, right? But you didn't end up winning the two, 12 or even competing. Because back then it was the two or two, but I don't know those things. But the anxiety of, of going through it was very difficult for you. And what I mean, the whole thing about the Derek thing is that he had such a, you know, this crazy rise in the pressure kept building from two, 12 champion to second the Olympia, to winning the Olympia. And now, having to go back and try to defend again. I mean, there's just crazy amounts of pressure. Then you have social media now and you have sponsors and you have all these things you're trying to make happy and shock up exactly. And I just remember with you, it was kind of like, okay, we win the Pittsburgh. And then everyone was like, wow, this guy's really good. Is he doing junior nationals? Is he doing USA's? Is he going to wait a year? We do nationals. And you come and shred it, right? And you win. Are you even got some first place votes in the overall and you, you know, got, got to rest a soul. We're going up against Senator McMillan. He won. But like some of my guys, even this last Olympia, you had the conditioning. He had the size. Right. Yeah. And that's what happened. That's why you didn't win the overall, even though I still thought that, you know, it could have went your way. But it was, um, and then when we got ready for Dallas, that was your pro debut. And that was 2010, year. And when you look at it, and people saw the pictures, whether it was nationals, or you're coming up getting ready for Dallas, I was working with Philadelphia the time also. And he would just call me and he's like, just get me for rosy shred it. Like that level of conditioning. And I was sort of laughing and I'm going, and he would just be like, no, no, no, I'm serious. Like, what do we got to do? And I'm like, you kind of suffer. And you are willing to suffer because you were so determined. But even though you were determined, and again, you're, you're only 25. And you'd only competed in three shows. Yeah. You won your class in Kentucky. You went the overall in Pittsburgh a month later, a month or two later. Then you ended up five months getting your pro card. Now we're going for your pro debut. You win the Dallas pro, the 202. And again, this is before 2012 when the weight class limit was 202. And at that point, everybody was coming at you saying, you're the next dooringyates. Everybody was like, they, I was the next great white hype. Yep. I never heard the dooringyates thing until you brought it up to. Yeah. Yeah. That's what people would tell me. They're like, dude, he's like the Dexter because he's grainy. He's this. That's like, that's like, that's the thing. Like, going. And when I say during the eighths, I'm talking about like a 202 version. Obviously, it's not it's 250 on stage. Not the same. But just wanted to put it out there because people were putting so much pressure on you. Well, and then also being a young man that had no money. I was broke. I did anything to make ends meet. And I got whenever it was to win the, whenever I was going to Dallas, it was if you win your pro debut, all of your contracts double will pay you twice as much and give you a bonus. That's right. So I'm like, yes, right. I do not care what it takes. So that was the more added pressure in there that nobody saw at the time we could talk about now. But there's just, it was a lot. It was constant. So. And then from there after that, I qualified for the Olympia. Yes, you know, win the 202 and then the Mike. No, no, no, I, that's not my goal. I want to, I want to take you your off and put on size and I want to go to the open. And meanwhile, looking back, I'm like, you done son of a bitch over zealous. But that's what success can do to a person. Yes. It can start to go to your head. Yes. It can start to get to you and you think that like you're better, more special than you are. And it happens. I don't care who you are. If it's the first time you're tasting it, you're going to have it a little bit. You might have it a lot of it. You might have it whatever. And I was still, you know, grounded in my morals, but in my head of being like, I am fucking good. I'm going to get better. Look at me. I'm achieving these goals. I'm going to go more. But then there's so many other aspects of life. Your home life, your support system, all those things play a role. And in my head, I'm like, okay, here it goes. I got paid. I say, we'll make some real money. I'm 26 years, 25 years old. I was going to, I was making over $100,000 a year of mailbox money. There was no posting on the internet. No. It was just train and do shows. And you will get it check in the mail. And you're on the cover of magazines. Holy fuck are you serious? Yeah. Yeah. It was way different world. You know what I mean? There was no codes to be used. The only places you could buy supplements were certain online vendors and stores. Directed consumer wasn't even like a massive thing. No. So it was, um, there was mailbox money. And I just, I was like, all right, I made it to a certain degree. And I think that's really what bit me in the ass. It made it hard for me because trying to always balance out keeping not being the thief of joy. Sure. Like I can be. I'm sure everybody, every person I've ever worked with will tell you that because I'm always trying to keep being people humble, but still hungry. Yes. And it's weird because if you do not, if you're not able to recognize that, you can build up resentment towards you. Yeah. You begin to hate them on their fucker because exactly, but you got to be open to it. You got to understand what that actually is. I'm not here. Well, that's what happened with me in Dallas, Macarver. It happens with a lot of people. Yeah. It happened with me in Dallas because I wouldn't give him the runway that he wanted to go as big as he wanted and as fast as he wanted. And it became almost to the resentment portion of it where he didn't, he's like, you're going to hold me back. And then he died two years later. And that's a whole different, you know, in a cast. But it was very similar actually because you just reminded me of that because I have the ability to make people very, very anxious when I say you need to slow down or you need to take a little more time. You're not looking to tell people good job. No. You don't do a good job of that. No, I don't. You look at people and say, this is how you need to do this. I mean, that's a compliment. Yeah. Like your compliments sometimes feel like derogatory statements to people because you're like, you need to work on this. Oh, so that sucks. No, no, no, no, it's not what it could be. You're working hard. But you don't say those things, but it's like if you aren't able to choke those things in, whenever you're telling me, hey, dude, you got to work on this. Like, look at you. You're not doing this. And I'm not saying you suck, but you're better with this. You need to work on this. If you don't work on this, you're not going to be better than you are right now. Right. And if you can't take that constructive criticism and you need your ego and you need something to blow you literally like to say how amazing you are, you could look at me and say, hey, he's the outlier. I don't want to hear what he has to say because everybody else is telling me how great I am. And I'm sitting here and saying how you can be better because I'm here to find your flaws and make them no longer your flaws and how to build your strengths. It's hard. It is hard. It's difficult. And that's why whenever people talk about coaches and bring in someone under their team and their support system and what it is, it's like that's what makes a, that's what makes it difficult because sometimes the coaching philosophy doesn't work for some people. Like, yeah, they're not coachable. They're not coachable. They're not coachable or that it doesn't, it's not a conducive environment because they cannot understand the way of coaching or do things. And it's, and it's something that even being a parent, you know, being a parent, like I'm not, I'm not looking to be my child's best friend. I'm not here to be your best friend. I'm here to be your dad. Well, same thing as being a boss. Yes. I'm here. What you do in the decisions you make is a leader for a company. Okay, you have your company I have mine. You have to make hard decisions. And it doesn't mean it's that you're trying to be the best friend of an employee. You're trying to do what's best for everyone to make the right decisions for the company. And it's not going to be conducive of just making sure that everyone is super happy. I feel good every day. Yeah. You're like, man, this is what I got to do today. Yeah. This sucks. Right. You know, but at that same time, if your goal, if your heart is in the right space of this is who I am, my goal is to make things get people better, challenge people. Because I think that challenging someone is like the one of the coolest things in the world, to get someone to be better than they were yesterday or better than they thought they could be. Because you did that to me. My dad did that to me. I didn't understand what was occurring at the time. And now looking back at it, I'm like, it's right in front of my face. It was happening the whole time. I was just kind of bucking the system because of my own personality at that time that I couldn't absorb all the information it was going on. And then that's how you can fall into a rut, fail or lose and then think the world's ending like I did whenever it's like, no, you learn so much when you mess up. You learn so much when you don't win. And just because you lost today does not mean you lose forever. And just because everyone sees this win or sees this loss doesn't mean it's like the extreme of each side. Like there's always tomorrow. Just because you win today, I tell this to my kids all the time. Just because you win today does not mean you stop working tomorrow. Just because you lost today does not mean you can't win in the future. It's such a simple concept, but I didn't have it in my head. That's why I'm so confident in saying it. What's up guys? I'm here with Hottie Chopin 2022, Mr. Olympia, 2024 Arnold Classic Champion. And I'm here to tell you that we are having an amazing FST 7 leg day. And if you want to see any of my workouts including in the leg day just like this, check it out at the FST 7 app. Go ahead and use code. Finish strong for your first month for only a dollar. Check it out. Like Emmy is my my 10 year old daughter phenomenal gymnast. Yeah. This kid is one state's every single year she's competed in states four straight years now four or five she went states every year. Every year all around its states like that's unbelievable. And it's like I'm like okay I just have to continue to let her know. Win or lose you keep working. Your goal is not just to win states here at level 7. Your goal is to continue to get better and push yourself to get to the next. Even if you take third place it's not the end of the world. But somehow she's able to just compete at this high level and blank her mind out and perform under pressure in all these things and I'm like man you're 10 years old. I couldn't even do that when I was 25. Mother fucker. But it's cool it's it's um it's just as I've gotten older you just the old and wise thing is real. It is it's a thing and it is in uh I don't know it's it's exciting it's fun. It would just kind of push in me continue to push me and endeavors in life. You feel like you're getting all your 40s it has not I'm about to turn 50 a couple weeks. Yeah you look really good for 50 though. You don't know man you look really good for 50. You look better once I get the stress anymore further. You know how do you felt have you felt personally like this to come down from announcing a retirement you know I felt a lot of things. The first thing was when I decided to finally announce it I was in Prague with Chris and I told them we were in living room with the house that he'd rented for the event and I said I think I'm ready about I think I'm ready to announce. He says you sure and I was like yeah I've been thinking about it for a long time and I mean he obviously knew and it is a pretty I don't want to say it's a pretty difficult decision it was probably the the hardest decision I ever made because I know I have one. I know there's more Olympian wins I can you know be a part of I know there's more goals and aspirations for athletes that I can turn around and be able to be a part of their journey. It's something that's really really special to me because it's been my whole identity for the whole adult life but I also felt like it's taken away a lot and I feel like I have so many other things I want to share with everybody and I know that as I only have one child you have several and knowing that Cameron was looking for me to finally be able to connect with him at some point and the me saying okay I can connect with him and I say connect guys I don't know if anybody can actually you know really understand what I mean by this unless you have a child but to be emotionally present is very very difficult and when you're someone like me who is constantly be thinking I could be here in the office and I'm thinking about haughty or Derek or Chris or any of the things that in this constant when I'm doing the preps it's not something where I have to just be on the phone with him and I turn it off and I heard other coaches mention that where they say oh you can just spend 20 minutes and then you go to the next person do that that's not me but it's never been because I obsess you know I'm thinking about their training I mean when I was working with you I would hit you up and be like bro I think you should be able to do your triceps this way I think we need to work on your rice I was at Brachialis because I saw your picture and it was we had a rate checked in a day or two and then I'm just calling you and saying by the way I've been thinking more I went back and looked at the pictures again I want you to work on your bicep with I want you to work to hammer curls I want you to do this this and this but we had just done an update but it didn't matter I'll just call you and just say we need to do this and this is one of the reasons why I wasn't able to really like scale my coaching right like oh I 50 hundred client and nothing like that right it was always a handful or you know just about that and I just wanted to always wanted to say don't regret a situation that you could change now later yeah because there's one thing that you can't go back and do and that's get time back and so I wanted to be able to say hey look if I want to have my summer with my child he's on break and not worry about having to fly somewhere to prep somebody for a show to qualify for the Olympia or go to a particular event I want to be able to decide that and I always felt like I couldn't especially during Olympia week you know 12 weeks for sure so do you think I will say this like from the outside looking in knowing you like you just explaining that that's why again people have a hard time because after we just had a check and you're like hey I think you should work on this to hear like what again that's that's what makes you great and when when you know with looking at from the outside in like Cameron's very involved in everything you do like we were talking the other night you were like that kid could probably prep someone for a show yeah he looks at somebody and he knows because he's been around the best in the world watching you work and even though even though you weren't emotionally present with him he was very emotionally present with you soaking in how you handle your guys soaking in how much love and attention you're giving them and you guys you fairness and cam having a relationship well enough she is not saying he's always with them he's always with them it's not that he's always with them and it's not time with you it's what dad does that's how he works this is what he does this is his craft this is how good he is he is the best at it man is that what a what a thing for for a young man like you're sending look up to so even though you might not have been emotionally present over the years and you wish you were more but I think him you know just hearing all the stories about him I think he's very emotionally present whenever he gets to watch you work because he looks up to you a tremendous amount for sure and I think you saying that I want to spend more time I'd like to give that attention I gave to those men to my son you can only make a better child out of that you can only be that much more of more of an effective dad like that saying it's time for me to do this because if you put that attention in him really great things are probably going to occur as well so I think that just hearing about him especially as demeanor from you and other people like he's definitely he definitely appreciates you yeah you know yeah I do think I'm as hero and but I do also think that it's one of those things where building those memories together we were just a win-wistler right yeah and he went skiing for the first time and he was able to really enjoy it we went to the gym we went to the in Vancouver we were over at Ron's gym so shut out to him and his crew out there awesome so hospitable up there in Vancouver the guys the athletes the Canadians yeah they're awesome man you know I don't know I think we're gonna they're gonna be our 51st date from when I heard because Trump said I did something I was like I'm gonna be able to go up here no worries yeah and but I'll not it was an amazing trip because I wasn't stressed about it so to answer your question I want to just be there and not have to sit there and check my phone to see if someone his injury something is going on with somebody I want to be present and this was the first time probably ever where I got to spend time with fairness and cam and it was literally just us and there was no meltdowns going on there's no hey what should we do what's going on what we said like was it a wild feeling it is yeah it's it's it's a new feeling it's a very new feeling because you have to reprogram yeah you have to reprogram right and the first time you probably like I don't this was different I like this but do I exactly exactly like I used to I used to you know joke about it with Sebum and be like well you don't even seem stressed out and he would be like well I don't need to be stressed out you stressed out for me just like that's very true right you know and it's such a true thing but now I don't have to stress out about those things that I would obsess about yeah and that's where you don't realize the toll and like I said me getting ready to turn 50 and me being able to now sit down and say let me take a deep breath and enjoy all of these things and um like it was really hard dude yeah yeah I mean that's what I mean it's the first time you're just oh I'm not going to check my phone it's what a great idea what a great concept but whenever it's been your life your life for not like a year or two or five but decades decades my whole adult life it's yeah so I mean it you should now it's your phone it's super convenient but it used to be emails used to be getting a uh a file of pictures that were taken on a shitty camera and being like hey you need to get better lighting yeah that might be another day right you know I mean so it's like now I can only imagine this new feeling will be like I'm gonna have a nice week with my family and not check my phone and you're like yeah deep breaths you know of course says men we keep a cool on surface yeah but inside our heads there's probably like a okay I'm done yeah it's got to be new cool exciting but difficult at at that same time like the reprogramming's gonna take time I imagine a lot of time I think yeah it's gonna be very different I mean think about it even when you stopped right and you stopped it went haywire for a couple of shows you know after you and I stop working together and it kind of like yeah all that shit happened yeah and then it's like you're trying to figure out your next move right what am I next remove and you're and at that point you you're going through it there's there's different levels to this and the level for me was the fact that I am I know there's so much left in the tank but I also know is the juice worth the squeeze and I'm seeing they're going no not for me anymore and right at least not right now while my son needs me to be there could things change down there are absolutely never you never know especially as a coach it's not like I have to worry about like my knees and my blower back and this and that you know yeah it's not it's not that a little different for you because that's what you have to think about I think but but again like you said like as we've gotten older you can't don't ever say never right don't do that yeah you do that like just in general for the population don't say it right because then you're going to catch yourself because you never know like it things change things change in life where it might put you in a position for to do that again like all the sudden like you might you might spend all this time grow your business but I put all this attention this extra attention you had splitting it up to some of the business at home more present like all this did five years later you might be like man I have changed my life I really do you see that nice that new young kid that came out or you might see some kid at the gym one day or somewhere when you travel there might be like hey you know honey sons and college yeah he's doing this there's just young kid I think he'd work really well with them this kid's there this kid's that it might occur yeah so that's why I like never saying never but it it'd be at a time whenever you're like bring it on yeah might feel good it might just be a thing with you know one guy might be a couple and I don't know I think that a lot of the internet today like everybody assumes things are always black and white absolutely everybody wants absolute right and it's like no no come to bricks and like with this with me like people like oh when you come and back I'm like guys right guys I had five year high eight is a bodybuilding training right I'm just testing the waters again I'm having fun I'm doing this because I want to because I want to see if I still got it because I'd love to do it and if it all pans out you're gonna see me go but if something happens like I use the analogy in case you didn't want to get to video whenever you and I were talking you're like hey Seth you're like an old muscle car like oh and I like old muscle cars you're like your not a young sports car you're not you're not a brand new one they just came off the line you are not you're an old muscle car and that old muscle car can still rip they can still rip but every couple laps got checked at dipstick every couple laps got to go check and make sure everything's good on you got to do it once or you might have to do a thorough check but along the way something might blow dude everything might be going perfect and something might happen yeah an injury can occur uh something in life can fuck it all up all these different things can happen oh man what a great analogy because that's how in my head I've been like step-by-step let's see if these let's see if the super supplements can do what they still do does my body still respond is it still there okay let's let's make sure they get set in and the next let's start pushing some food let's start pushing some weight let's start seeing how my body adjust to what we were discussing in the gym Seth you're doing great with training but you're not putting on you're not putting a serious load on your muscles yeah you got it you got you got to thicken up yep go to work on the density it's like okay that's the next step so people that are getting excited like when's the show what I'm like guys yeah first step next would be to make sure everything after this uh get the blood worked on take a look shut it down check it do once over the car yeah and then do an off-season really work on the density really work on the thickness really work on everything and again just keep taking laps keep checking the oil keep checking everything and then go from there and but it's you know the absolute sub-itter people like you should do you should do this show to my guys I'm not we're not there yet we're not there yet I don't I want to make sure that it responds the way I want to and what I want to achieve is the fun the the fun I want to make sure that I live every step present every step as I go through it and and make sure that you know the fans and everybody on YouTube watches something and watch as something evolve the good the bad the potential really ugly right but you have to put yourself out there for it and you have to be mindful and aware that something might go wrong something might go really great if it goes really great it's not going to be fucking pumped right but if something goes wrong you just had to be like yeah that's just how it goes yeah but today like everybody only likes to look at the positives or the false severe negatives yeah the ride joy the ride the journey the excitement the fun and and that's where that's my you know positive outlook on so many things and why I love watching other people's YouTube videos or I love watching something or seeing someone's journey or paying attention to their stories and being like oh man he's in the shit like leaving into the Olympia yeah you're seeing it occur with people yeah this is awesome and that's the exciting part from a fan standpoint you know I I think that's the biggest thing is you're still a fan you've always been a very big fan and you're still a fan and I think that's what makes you really want to continue the the ride and and I think just to sum up kind of what you were saying Pia so many people look at absolute of winning and losing they don't understand the lesson in between the lesson in between made you a millionaire yeah right and it did and it was not fucking easy no it was scary it's really hard it's still scary to this day right I still find myself doing stupid crazy fucked up shit like this right still go and after trying to do something bigger with a company bring this on do that yeah you went and started the clothing line and then on you expanded on it with subs but the reason why I want to bring this up is that people don't understand because when you speak in absolute it's very black and white when it comes to certain things that's why I call it the treat podcast right it's always people want to just say this is the pure yes or no nature of life and they don't understand that you have to pull out those aspects of the journey that are going to be learning lessons to help you grow and become a better human being to become a better father to become a better leader to become an entrepreneur a businessman any of those things and I don't feel people really understand how powerful that is because as you told me the night when we were talking the amount of things that you learned from the process of us working together is what helps you be able to go to the next level with being able to win off the stage yeah so it was like a blessing and a curse and I feel that's one of the reasons why you kind of want to come back because now that you've won it life you've got a great family you're you have a great business and then you go well you know what I have some unfinished business on stage that now I don't have to think about whether or not I'm going to have food on my table yeah whether I win or lose if I decided to do a show honey yeah right and that's something that's super powerful because most people that are 25 years old have to worry about that yeah because they don't have the shit together no especially ones that want to become a professional body builder and have a contract with the supplement company a clothing company or anything else but right now last time I checked the guy that runs your company isn't going to cut you if you don't win the show no and that's in it's the truth it sits there's like you said I have I have I have said it multiple times but I have every single thing a grown man could ever ask for you know you mean yeah like what more what more could you ask for out of life I'm pretty this is pretty significant an awesome as it is it's also incredibly if I would have gave you a book a folder blank sheets and a pen and said I want you to screenplay right screenplay of your own life do you think you would have been anywhere close to where you're at now no no if you gave it to me when I was 18 19 20 years old I'd have been single maybe had a girlfriend no kids um pro body builder traveling the world traveling the world just competing soaking it up um I don't know that's that was how I that's how I viewed myself that was just it and then um you know I got my x-wife I got my girlfriend at the time x-wife now pregnant when I was 22 years old in college yep that changed everything you know you mean it just I I made I made as many mistakes a grown man could make I made him so it's like I have you know all this really nice like I said I got everything a grown man could ever ask for however I'm also my personality is wild crazy kind of fucked up and I will do off the wall shit just to see how it feels just to see what it does um and in in 22 when I was 22 years old I got my girlfriend pregnant that's where Adeline my 17 year old comes from I'm 40 she's 17 right I was 22 I turned 23 couple you know a few weeks after she was born and it's like man I remember I was in diapers running around yeah we're so I mean and it's it's these things that you know that was something that all right my life changed so that script or that folder we were talking about yeah that one's out to windows so now is my life over no no no no no no no I want to keep going I want to keep trying but now I got a how I'm going to work harder is now I got to feed this kid because I remember telling my dad you know I was like hey dad I got my girlfriend pregnant he's like oh okay I'm like you don't seem mad and he's like what's there to be mad about nobody's dying you're bringing a life into the world now you got to become a man I was like I thought I was already a man you know in my head I'm thinking this right and but then I kind of like I didn't say anything and I was like yeah I was just looking out of him like okay you know this feeling because he when he was 19 he had my oldest sister but you know back then you know in the in the 70s it was like you had kids when you were you know late teens early 20s and you just worked right shut the fuck up so it kind of like that was where it's said in but you know from there I was like okay this is a surprise I'm a stake you can call whatever the fuck you want to call it was what it is so in that helped build you know my mentality and at that time I was you know my ex and myself at that time we're making some bad decisions partying a lot into drugs we were at college just living it up that's kind of how you have a kid right you know so me I'm doing recreational drugs I'm you know taking gear to get huge but then just being a wild man because you're in college you do those things when you're young right and and that kind of led me down the path of the mayhem to follow but um no I wouldn't say I would be where I am if you gave me that folder then and then at that point at 22 I'd know clue I just know I wanted to be a bodybuilder and I was like I'm gonna do anything possible to get there so yeah do you feel that when you as a partying and just let me know if you don't want to talk about this but this is something that obviously comes to mind when I was coming into the room and you guys are still together E-Rex look very sickly yeah it never stopped for her that would happen that was the hard part the hard part is like the life aspect of it all like I made those videos steroids drugs and life and like I said I'm I've lived a wild life people look at me now and they're like oh my god Seth you have a beautiful family three kids all this stuff you have money yeah nice cars but at that point like back then I you know stopped parting a lot I was like hey I got a graduate college and get a real job my dad looked at me and told me I had to be a man 22 years old and I'm not a man right so so I stopped and she'd stopped to some degree you know had the baby everything was good Adlands healthy wonderful child born but then like you know you have to change who you are to some degree you're no longer you're not a parent yeah but we're still in college I'm still in college with a kid buck I graduated so there was still that knows outside you guys in stop you hasn't just say hey look we're having a kid I better stop so she guys both were still in college oh yeah yeah we both still in college there and I graduated in 08 oh 8 I graduated because she was born in 07 graduated in 08 and then moved to Cincinnati and at that time you know we weren't we weren't partying crazy nothing like that but there was still there's times whenever you know she'd go in partying I mean like I'd say you know you're still young we're still 23 years old still doing dumb shit and me I'm like I want to be a bodybuilder so I directed all my attention towards that and that was my outlet because I've told I tell people still to this day like lifting weights keeps me on a trouble right like if I don't lift weights and do something physical I will find trouble yeah you told me that too when I met you you said look I was a big partier yeah and the only reason one of the major reasons I don't partying anymore is because I focus on bodybuilding keeps me out of trouble right it's not a joke like whenever people say they use the gym to fight fucking demons yeah and it's some stoic fucking quote for all these young people to say in that like there are people like if that is your outlet stay there stay in the gym because I'll find drug I'll find fucking problems and drugs, alcohol women all those things that was like just how it worked and that's I think common for a lot of bodybuilders because recreational drugs fall right in hand with it but they will fuck your life up and they did to me and whenever we got out we got out of college and it was here and there but then the intensity of life kids money life in general got the best of her and she knew that I wasn't into it anymore and then it turned in from like I did a bunch of cocaine in college like that was my drug at choice superman drugs anything that made me feel like I was invincible I was into and I started the opposite we went and trained two hours ago and you're like dude give me your nons to him give me three weeks I do not want a coffee at all not even like a scoop in a scoop and mix it together and you're like no no zero give me no coffee I have one cup of coffee in the morning yeah yeah and that's it let's wait you said you said I have a one cup of coffee in the morning and that's it and when I yeah but it's so going through it and then like there's times you know you it's tough and she hit it from me and then there were times whenever I was like I know it's going on and I'm like fuck I'm wrapped up in bodybuilding as it but it's okay it's okay it's not that bad it's not that bad it's not that bad it's not that bad I just kept saying it's not that bad because I didn't want to deal with the problem because it was affecting my life and my life was I need to win this fucking show to make money I remember and then in 2012 before Toronto Toronto was a shit prep my head wasn't in it and I was a mess didn't know what I was doing because home life was also a problem yeah so I'm in my own head and then everything going on and before we left for Toronto probably about two and a half two to three weeks out I found a bag of percussive 30s or little blue pills I found a bag of them and I was like oh no this this is a way bigger problem than I thought it was it completely floored me and I'm like fuck me dude this is where all the money's going this is this is a big problem that's a lot like it's not a few to fucking bag and then that's why after Toronto me taking six place fall in a part everything being a mess and seeing what you saw and being like man that's you even said to me they're like hey is everything okay and I'm like oh yeah I think I don't know like I just blew it off you did you did I mean because who wants to admit there's something wrong that you can't control right and I think that the pressure between dealing with your home life but also dealing the pressure of saying I'm gonna skip out on the Olympia that I qualified for in the 208 uh 202 and then I'm gonna go do open because I want to go and I need to be able to take on even more pressure and more because I am gonna lift this weight on my shoulders and I had you and Bill Lillmore in the show and I remember I'm like wow just not getting as shredded as you know they do yeah and I was like what's going on you're like no dude I'm doing everything we need to do and and everything else but it wasn't working and it turned out obviously and I'll let you kind of talk about it but it was I was Mike Ela they called me yeah you're a workout partner yeah you know and he said look man congratulations to you honey Bill my you know other client that you did the show with you one and then you play sixth and everybody's very disappointed because they're like wow what happened why was this conditioning right what was going on and I'm like I don't know I don't know what went wrong I didn't you know figured out and he's like I just want to let you know he was eating after the after the workouts peanut butter and jelly sandwiches rice cakes rice cakes what and and he said you're drinking a bunch of glyco yeah too much too much like oh right and obviously we would you like to check all the time we don't use it times but you were afraid of being small I was afraid of being small right and I think the pressure about all right that pressure it was one of those things where you're just like do you feel like you were you almost self sabotaged at that point yeah in regards to yeah because that was compensating got you you're compensating for it and that's something that people don't you know they think they like to understand about addiction and things like that when it's in your life whenever you have someone in your life like that especially you know you're your wife at the time yeah the person you're sleeping next to and you're like you start to compensate for anything you can do in life to make you feel better and that's how relationships get worse because you start looking for other avenues to make you personally happy and what is make me personally happy the gym being huge and jacked and jammed sauce out of your mind but then also like the pressure of being like well I'm going to the open now I can't be small I can't be small so there's just so many and being a young man at that time there was just so many things that I had no guidance of what to do because I was also hiding those facts that are going on in my life yes first time I'm even out of all these years that you told me the purpose of that story there's no but because nobody you know no he's proud of the situation and it doesn't feel good to talk about and who wants to say you can't control something in your life whenever you're a big bad fucking bodybuilder or an alpha male or whatever you want to say it's those things happen in life and they will eat you the fuck alive so whenever like with like you said self-sabotage you'll find things that will just you'll do anything to compensate for this hard part of life right so after Toronto that's whenever it was just a fucking complete mess and that's how you and I fell apart our relationship ended because you were like hey I don't think everything's cool with you and I never I was like fuck you I was like this is bullshit because I wasn't willing to step up and admit that there was more shit than I could handle going on in my life right so I was like I just looked to point the finger at anybody but myself whenever it was like it was like I can I will do anything to point the finger at someone this is it's it's you it's you it's this it wasn't this because I'm trying to protect my home and not say that my wife at the time has a severe problem that I can't control and I should be taking the time to fix it and then it was the demise of 2012 and then just fell apart completely at the Sarah Soda show my body failed because I was taken as many drugs as possible to compensate for it drop back down to the 2012 blackman was like if you don't win this you're fired I lost he fired me lost a 50,000 50,000 or $1,000 contract overnight and I'm like oh my god it's all happening it's happening I'm losing everything I was king of the world six months ago now it's all gone and I and not only was it all gone I couldn't even control my home life it was a nightmare it was terrifying and there was nobody there and I didn't I didn't talk to anybody about it because who's going to say hey I got this going on in life which I do and they're not going to have any experience they're just going to then criticize you and talk shit on the public and tell everybody oh Seth's wife does this Seth's this Seth's this and I'm like my holy crap you don't know what to do and it's it's it's terrifying and at that point that's whenever I was like fuck it I'm out checking out dude this is not for me I need to fix what I have going on at home and I need to get out so I think it was like a month later I called muscle tech I called Andrew Garvin from muscle tech and I was like hey that's like I'm done is like what do you mean it's a mouth I'm not bodybuilding anymore he's like let's take a step back here no we're not we we love you but I'm done and he's like Seth he's like I think you're acting rationally I was like I don't want to take your money anymore and they're like you're going to keep taking our money because we're going to have another conversation in a couple months okay I'm like I don't want it no he's like I'm not you're going to keep getting a check I was like okay but I'm not doing anything and then two months later he called me and I was like I still don't want to do anything he's like let's give it till the beginning of the year I'm like dude it's it's October I'm not doing anything next year nope two months three months January he called me and he said how do you feel I was like I'm not I'm not competing I'm not doing this and I was like I'm taking your money he's like okay he's like I'm good with that but we'd love to keep you I was just mesmerized at that point that's that as many shit stories as there is about muscle tech they were like behind me the whole time and whenever I did whenever in Toronto whenever that did happen even though I was super pissed off Dexter Jackson, Kai Green they were there and they had a lot of really nice things to say to call me down I was at one time I had a real conversation with Kai which was pretty wild because that's something that I never thought would happen but it was like man cool but after that like that's whenever I was like in 2012 I was like I'm out I disappeared you know people thought I fucking die you know people thought they didn't know what happened they thought I killed you yeah they thought you killed me that was something that we talked about in 2015 and my hey how you do and you're like you're alive yeah what are you doing they're like yeah the stories on the internet were like yeah he's got permanent organ damage that's why he can't compete he has this he has that honey gave him a messed up protocol or whatever it was and it was just crazy because I knew you were going through shit because I was hearing it through Mike and through some people that were close to you and they were like dude he's going through a lot of shit but he's just got to get through the other side yeah and and from that and then you know whenever I stopped so 2013 you know I went got a real job I did anything I could to find a job I had a safety degree I had I started a landscape company because I couldn't find a job and safety because I had no experience I had a degree but I had body voting experience so I got a degree no job what even do in the past few years body building what a fuck should I hire you right so I started landscape company just started doing manual labor I was cutting grass building versus lock walls you you name it I was doing it just hard work and mother fucker and and I just turned everything out and in that time I was at home trying to fix anything I was just putting my life back together spending more time with with my exit the time to help her but what's crazy about addiction is you can't help somebody don't want their own help don't want their own help you can't help you can't help them and then you know I did the the other dumb fucking thing have another kid to try and fix your problems did that and that was Emmy was born in 2014 so again what the fuck are you doing you think having a kid's gonna fix your problems it's gonna cause more nope but as a young man just compensated yes you'll do anything and this is something that's very common in today is that's why people will buy a dog whenever they just break up yeah I had a kid you dickhead and along that there was some problems that happened along in that route it's pretty touchy but it it sucked that it wasn't it wasn't good it was it was ugly and not fun so it never stopped I thought it did she got better at hiding it and then in 2020 so Emmy was born in 2015 2014 I got a job as a safety consultant so I got a job making really good money I was making started out at 55 and then went to 75 and then went to 95 you know I mean I was jumping I was just because I was just hustling as a consultant I traveled all over and I was just meeting all kind of awesome people in the industry of construction oil and gas manufacturing production my kind of people like Western PA ignorant hardworking motherfuckers and I loved it but at that same time I started realizing that I can't fix what's going on at home and I really miss being me I miss the love of body building and I was like I'm going to start lifting weights again I'm going to I need to start taking care of myself and I don't know what's happening at home it seems okay it doesn't seem okay and so then I started lifting weights I got back on a small protocol and I was like and I feel good again and then Jason huh hit me up and he's like hey how you do it I'm like and I haven't heard from you in years and he's like I was just calling you because I think the industry misses you like what do you mean it's like the industry misses you it needs you and I'm like what the fuck was so great about me he's like just good dude man you're you're open good dude it's like cool now I'm good I'm just lifting weights now I just started taking a little test again and then a couple weeks later he called me again he's like I think you should come back after having the conversation you're lifting weights again he's like have you been on Instagram like no I don't have an Instagram he's like dude you got to check it out it's awesome I think I don't know what that is I don't know if it's a good idea and a long story short with that that was the process of me looking at Instagram what Jason was doing when I was like hey I might come back I was like but if I do I want to own everything I ever touch I want to make the money I don't want everybody to cut me ever again so that's where the All-American Roughneck brand came from yeah it was driving around as a consultant thinking about man if I came back I should have some t-shirts and some hats and I'd come back as me this fucking ignorant hard work and dickhead that just loves working out and loves intensity in life and the blue color aspect of me it's like here's my boots that I wear every day and all this silly shit and just be yourself unapologetically just be you and I was like yeah so that concept was formed but at home things weren't the greatest still and I came back on this or me and you in 2015 I was like but if I come back in here I'm going to make a couple phone calls you were one of them the phone call to you would be like hey I'm really sorry I fucked up you're like dude you have no idea what has been occurring and so you were going now and what people said about me I was like dude I I apologize I was like I'm I'll make sure I tell people and you said please do yeah you need to tell people the real story and I was like I have no problem because at this time I was much more self-confident in myself to say I fucked up because it's okay to make mistakes you just have to own up to them and grow which most people don't like to do especially body builders because it's they're so egotistical yeah and they're such narcissists sorry guys but you are but it's true it's okay as long as you're self aware and then the scary part that happened after that coming back everything all American roughneck it has grown into a tremendous brand so millions of dollars worth of clothes it's cool and all this and build acts and sledge but in 2016 is whenever the demise of my home life occurred that's whenever it all fell apart I spent all of my money trying to fix this woman I spent over fifty thousand dollars when I was 31 years old started these companies I had five thousand dollars to my name and 2200 of it was to start at all American roughneck 2200 dollars started that company me and Bob and it turned into a multimillion dollar brand and all that money was spent on rehabs and clinics and going to all of these different things and just trying to figure out like what the health what to do and what I realized was that you can't help somebody that doesn't want to help themselves and it got continuously worse because whenever she finally went into a rehab she went in and came out and was more experienced that's why I disagree with rehabs like if you don't go to a top rated good rehab I think that you're just going to go become more educated on how to do drugs really yes how do you mean by that like how like educated more on how to do drugs how connections it's a networking system wow think about it you're going into a rehab say it's not a top accredited like like we're we produce results here if you put your significant other or someone that you care about you should put them in a rehab that has that produces results if they do not produce results do not put them in there because they're just coming out of more educated and networked in networked with a bunch of other people that are basically maybe going in just a cell and find people that they're going to find clients they're going in because it was state they they had to they were either going to prison or rehab and they chose rehab prison or rehab which one you want to do I'll go to rehab okay either not fixing themselves or just doing 30 days there just to get the fuck out of jail so they don't go to jail got it and that's what happens so whenever she came out she was just that much more networked because it was like everything was she came out of rehab everything was great color gained weight all these things and then two weeks later I was like huh that oh no oh no this isn't happening again but it was happening in a way that never happened before because there's always things whenever someone takes drugs you can tell that if they're not eating if there's certain tell signs they're pupils in this and that but the next one she was doing the next drug I was like man she's still eating I was like you're still eating usually whenever you would do pills you're it's not pills you stop eating wouldn't eat but this one she was still eating and I was like I knew she was fucked up she went in just doing pills and then came out more networked and got soaked into the system even more and she started doing heroin oh wow and that's whenever I was like okay life is real and that was in 2016 and 2017 so and whenever finally everything stopped was I realized it was heroin because I started finding it all over my house because she was really good at hiding it whenever I found heroin in my kids laundry I don't do laundry that's a one thing I don't do so she knew that she could hide it there and I'd never find it and then I was searching because I was like something's not right dude I got to find it I got to find what the fuck is going on and I found the paraphernalia in the kids laundry and I'm like oh Seth you have a real problem yeah this is a problem oh okay holy shit and that's whenever I was like there's no fixing this there's no turning back this is where this is the drug that you don't turn back from nobody comes back from this you don't and I was like okay here it is I don't know what I'm gonna do and at that point that's whenever I was like I started talking to people about what's gonna happen or how do I how do I how do I how do I get this out of my life and then she ended up getting caught with a bunch wow and then arrested and that's whenever I was like I'm done it's all over it's over and I was able to get custody the kids full custody the kids and I was able to start to move on with my life it took a lot but I was like it was just whenever those things happen you just don't know what to do and the days are wild and there's so many fucked up horrible stories in between but my whole slogan in life the hard work and mother fucker and I don't have problems just more work to do that's whenever I learned what a problem was like my dad whenever I got her pregnant my dad was like nobody's died right just become a man and whenever that occurred I was like I realized I had a problem because it had a potential of harming my children and I'm like oh my god that's a real problem that's a fucking problem yeah and that's whenever I was like I have to take the necessary steps to make sure nothing happens and it's because at that point when you have a problem in your life you don't care if it's Monday you don't care if it's Sunday and the Sunday scary's you don't care if you're like oh my god I got to I got to go to work today for 12 hours bitch give me a 12 hour work day please brutalize me for 12 hours I would love that to not have this feeling I have right now and I gained a lot of perspective later on going through that because now whenever I see someone going through something that I've never gone through I've empathy because I'm like you wish you had a 12 hour work day right and I think that those those things of experiencing those things in life have put me in the position I am today because that's why I'm not really afraid of too many things I'm like man I don't have problems it's just work so I got to go to work today is it going to suck sure it's going to suck but whenever you have something like that in your life go on you're like I don't know what to do I have no clue what to do and it's it's why now I have like not a lot of people know those stories about myself because Hannah and I've been together for seven years we have a Sunday together that girls they they're wonderful they're great in every way shape and form their healthy they're beautiful they're smart they're intelligent they're crazy good at gymnastics and all these wonderful things so a lot of outsiders that see us for the first time we're like look at this beautiful American family right he owns a company and he has all this and I'm like hey eight years ago not eight eight years ago I didn't have this yeah eight years ago I didn't have any of this I was in a completely different spot and it was gut wrenching it's horrible and I think that those adverse things literally build me into who I am today because and why I'm very positive and why don't like talking a lot of shit about people yeah because whenever you see somebody that's in a bad spot or going through something you're like how know what you're going through yeah if you want to talk to just give me a call sure I'll set up all night because there were a few people that during that time Dave Murray is one of them anytime I saw that guy he's from my gym he'd pull me in make sure I was good to shoot the shit with me and I'm like man like there's certain people that aren't even in your circle every day they can help you through things but yeah the adversity in life I think is something that losing being at rock bottom isn't necessarily like a bad thing I don't think it's necessary but I think that it's useful because it was useful when you go through it like we talked about earlier what happens is you can it's a learning lesson and I feel like that's what you gotta be able to turn it into instead of being a victim because now in this world we have a problem with the victim mentality and it's still going on and it's strong as ever and people want to become winners but only at a very little price at the cheapest price and they don't understand it's the most expensive thing and the most expensive lesson you'll ever learn on how to be a winner is how to make your adversity into an accomplishment and how to be able to level that up and those people don't understand that no and you said you can't you can't blame them for wanting to get as cheap as possible but that's the learning process you mean and whenever you see somebody that has everything you have here like rather than be envious of it it's like hey man good job this is fucking sick how to get it all how can I learn from you what can I soak in from you what what what what we're in asking questions that's like the old guy on the rocking chair you know you mean whatever you see the old guy on the rocking chair you're like I should I might want to go talk to that guy I'm the old guy in the rocking chair that's really sad is giving me ten years older than you and now I'm the old guy I'm just saying but that's it but it's because when people see things that they yes no yeah I think I think it is I think you used a really strong word it's called envy and it's crazy how I've seen that in people that I've known yeah and how many people have known you and they come around and there's some people who are honestly wanting to be like wow man I'm so proud of you for being amazing and other people staff that know you and say look what you've done but they're envious to a point where they can't stand you bro yeah yeah it's a fucked up thing it's very real yes it because it's also like you you don't know how to handle it because you're like why am I like if you're self-aware why am I having this feeling right because I think a lot of stuff online like we mentioned it comparison is the thief of joy yes like you can't always compare yourself to someone because then you're never going to like live in the moment of what you've done right and how incredible it is right and that's what I think like podcasting has been a great part of a lot because we're able to learn a lot about people and then you're able to be like what's my greatness you know I hear these guys talking about it and you're like man that's that's great but and here a story like my story yeah some people right I don't want to deal with that shit right but then there's other people that have more than me that have never dealt with any of the things that I have this is my story what's yours where are you going how are you going to achieve what you want to do in life and it's hard to not compare yourself to people yes it's very difficult to do so however at the same time be aware enough to take a step back and be like think do fucking bad just it's it is it is difficult because whenever I see something and I'm like man how that happened and then you're like okay pump the brakes you could learn from that person you're gonna phone you're gonna contact that knows that person trying somehow get to that person and talk to him right rather than just be fuck him talk to him bigger it out maybe can help you well it's because your person that would like to stop and ask for directions instead of running around in the middle of the hood trying to figure out which way to go I've done that before but but it's very similar right yeah it is because of ego yeah if you can put the ego aside and ask for help and be coachable then anything's possible but if you're not then it's really hard to figure out the formula of winning you know yeah and it's like man how does that work how did that happen and you're just chasing a thought process of saying the guy was lucky the guy was this you don't really know you don't know the formula you don't know the adversity that was created that that person turned around and made into drive and that drive has been taken to a whole another level and then if you surround yourself with some really good people and put together a really good team then you can really level up but if you're gonna constantly be envious because of they have something that you don't and you think that they had a formula where they had a silver spoon or if they had something that was given to them and you want to play the victim then you'll never get to be a winner because you're always just gonna sit there and just bask in the fact that you're a victim and you didn't have the things that the other person did and I'm sorry but you know it's just like when people come to me or they they talk about me and they say he just cherry picks his people I cherry pick you you know people don't remember the people that I brought up I'll VC you all these other people like they just did just see the fill he's in the J-Cutlers because I got to a place where those people connected with me or we connected somehow J you know J fill I mean again even with Jeremy all of those people that I've worked with and Hottie and Derek and all of those things about way back in the day when I started it wasn't that way I just was able to pick and choose later because I wanted to be able to really focus my time and intention to just a couple of people every year while I was still trying to grow with this business which is crazy for people to blame you for doing so well and they blame me and then they say well he's not that skill he just has these people that are really good you know and it's like well those really good people I have to get them to trust in my decision making ability that's number one because you got to build trust sure and the reason why they were able to trust me is because they all came to me to some degree they put their faith in the me I didn't talk of them into hey work with me because I'm gonna make you a champion yeah so I didn't do that and says some degree it was bad for them because they couldn't handle it and it didn't work out and that's okay but it was one of those things I wasn't willing to do because it wasn't part of my formula but I'm not gonna sit down and sit there and say yeah you know I got to cherry pick of course you're seeing the highlight real you didn't see all of the others that just came from nothing to maybe the midpoint or a really good national competitor but they maybe they didn't turn pro but they improved tremendously but you're not gonna make chicken salad at chicken shit it doesn't matter how good of a coach you are but you can go from good to great but you have to be good to great and then if you're really great then you become legendary if you have the work ethic and it's it's also like people don't see all the losses or the hard times they just see the results as they're like the results are just because of this right crazy home it's assumptions or those things happen that it's like no you didn't you don't see all the losses in the hardships how many how many ups and downs there were because it's like if if that was so then other coaches that have other genetically gifted beautiful bodyboars would be winning more so that's not the case because it's also like you said you have to build the trust within athletes and that's probably something really hard right now for your athletes to accept that you're no longer there you know and it's and but that's the reality of the situation it's like yeah this is something that this is what makes a difference and it doesn't mean that you're not ever going to do well it just means that you're gonna have to adapt in life yeah you're a grown man this is the next steps of life here we go it sucks but this is it and this is an adverse point in their life that they can take one of two ways right and it's not gonna be easy but it's just where we are yeah and I'm my roles as evolving right I mean when I worked my athletes hotty Derek they're part of e-vigen so I'm always gonna be there as a sponsor I'm always going to be there especially with the gym yeah I said the gym is open just like I trained you today yeah right I don't know I don't want to and I said look man just because I'm quoting quote retired I mean we can't train we can't shoot the shit let's go into posing room yeah I'm going to give you my feedback yeah right now I'm just not trying to go out there and get back on this right this is my addiction that I need to be able to put away right and this phone and being able to make sure that if I want to be present I can't be glued to this and checking on this every three minutes and that was the problem is that what's going on who's texting what's going on what's their problem let me fix it because I am the fixer of things and that's what I got the title of and and and and I was pretty good at it I was gonna say pretty good at it and whatever a guy is good at something and we gravitate towards right and that's what you lean into but I think that it's what it's really about is understanding how to create a formula that's winning and winning now isn't about how much money as much as clich as a sounds is not about money money will create happiness through choices but eventually what you're gonna need to fill the bucket is going to be a complete life and that is trying to be able to have really good people around you that you can love and appreciate the times with I mean when we're in the gym together we're talking about like tamer and fill and jay and talking about all of these cool moments yeah right and those are things that I absolutely adore and love and I'll never forget those moments and those are moments that actually I'm actually able to relive now more than ever because I would never allow myself to really just concede in the fact that hey look if I focus too much on those accomplishments I'm not going to focus on being able to replicate those accomplishments and that's why I never enjoyed them so now it's time to enjoy it or sure time to post up some pictures look at some memories talk about the stories and do some of those things and like you said you're not you're not completely away no no I'm just evolving yeah that's all and it's just it's still because your your your eye your your attention to detail with training and ideas like training is really what you know I love the most about bodybuilding is because just the fact of building something and that's where like your I mean you're good at everything you do but like the training aspect even just together you're like this this this is what you should be looking at over the next few weeks here pay attention to this look for this feeling here whenever you're doing this you're not ready for this you need to start here and work into this that's like man it's just fucking fire in a way and you're like man that's like how cool is that and that's what's fun and that's why like I love training with all different people because like whenever you go train with something someone you might learn something new that you're like man absolutely you do that just that little tweak man that's fun yeah I think that's what you know doing YouTube videos and collaborations with other other athletes and talking through it and the in the public being able to see like YouTube train a little bit differently but you got together and we learn something from it yeah so that way like the the fan can actually get into it and say I'm going to go in the gym and try this these two ways because these guys did it yeah like that's this weekend with all the guys coming in just seeing I'm even going to see Derek I'm excited to see him I haven't seen him since Mexico right you know so I don't know it's exciting it's fun what I love about body building well I'm just glad that you're going in the direction of possibly getting back on stage if I think you have some unfaulfilled buckets that need to get re-assigned in a way where you can add a weight to those you don't need to go out there and do everything in regards to like hey look you don't need to go jumping it shows and try to do this and that and I guess what I'm saying is that you can just go through the journey yeah and be present enjoy it with less pressure and just be able to watch yourself evolve physically people those I like the buckets think by the way I love how you've been using that it using that analogy because it it is true and if you try to fill your happiness bucket with bullshit and ain't going to wear it now you're never going to be happy which is a really difficult one to fill because it's hard to figure it out but people online like with me doing this they're you know I'm doing it for the experience I'm just like yeah man like I love this let's have fun yeah and there's people like man the 212 here you come and I'm like guys if there was ever a time for someone to not come back it's now right one of the most structurally beautiful physics of all time is in the 212 key on yep and it's like yeah look at him but the whole thing is is let's have fun this is what body building is I want to go see what I'm capable of doing personally like it would have been a better idea to come back three four years ago yeah I know I think we talked in 2018 I saw you and I think I was with Phil or somebody we were in Pittsburgh yeah and you're pretty jackass huge and you were talking about like yeah maybe see what happened what happened there just got you got you got you fucking spike in sales and then the inward grinding yeah the ability to grind with the business and make money that I've never seen before right where it's like am I gonna go start this company and ride the lightning and push as hard as I can to make as much money as possible right or am I gonna go on stage and try and make 40 grand right I was like no I'm gonna go push right and that's where it was and I was like and again again the learning process 2018 remember 2016 I had no money right 2018 lots of money started happening 2019 2020 it was like whoa who right no one knows what to do with the million the first time they see a million dollars everybody likes to think they know what to do with that right but they actually don't and that's another learning process that people go through that's like oh what a fucking problem to have yeah but you don't know what you're gonna do or who you're gonna become because money stress what does say money power and stress those three things are very dangerous because they will make you do very uncharacteristic things of yourself do much money too you give someone all the power in the world what are they gonna do you don't know you give someone too much money I don't they might become someone that you don't know like you give money and power it's like who the what could they be right and stress can make someone do very uncharacteristic things of themselves so and at that point but I look back at that and I look at pictures of myself and I'm like oh my god Seth you were 245 fucking pounds pulling a vacuum yeah huge yeah and it's like man you were a thick son of a bitch you did some you could have went in there but again hindsight's 2020 and that I think about that story as well like dumb but it's it's all that's why this is a ride that's why this is a journey it's like I'm having fun I want my if if things continue to go well it'll show that my kid it'll show my kids that like hey if you want to go after something it's not gonna be easy be diligent you stick to a plan it's gonna take time you grind at it you just continue to work at it and that's something that's a challenge for me as well as to continue to stay present in my life with my kids so and I'm like okay I have to have my meals train if I do those things I'm fine so I just gotta make sure that I put those into my day I can do that and if everything with my company continues to go in the direction that's going I should be good there and I just have to be a present for my kids show up to gymnastics meets oh I can go to gymnastics meets they have a gym somewhere yeah oh you might have to train at 6 a.m or wait till the evening of train guess what that's what you're doing Seth yeah it's fine because at that point this is the it should be a process for also people to watch and see that hey if you want to go after something in life put a plan together go after it right be it'll be aware of the things that can go wrong but don't don't bring those to life alright don't be don't focus so much on the things that could go wrong that they do go wrong just be aware so that's a lot of good things to learn man from watching you and the journey but it was an awesome workout today if you guys get a chance take a look at it we're going to go ahead and post it up on YouTube if you don't fall asleep make sure you do when it put his link down below and can't wait to do the next one row can't wait to do the next workout and just continuing to see everything change I know we went over some things yep doesn't mean I can't give you some tips I got a lot to work on how are we back in a month that's it back I can't wait to have you back and I really appreciate it man thank you so much I know we you killed legs and you still came in and did this podcast and we sat for I don't know hour and a half two two hours I have to say thank you for everything it has been an absolute honor to be a part of your journey you and everything you've done in the sport a lot of people have been able to watch what you've done but the people that have worked with you know what I'm saying here I would not be in the positions I am in life without meeting you I have a lot to thank I have a lot to be thankful for and grateful for with you you have you have helped me put me in the position I am today so to be here sit across you and your headquarters everything that I have with my companies and my people and how my people look up to me a lot of the things you heard Heather say about the details that I do I've been blessed to be in your life and be a part of it you've been like a big brother to me I will forever be grateful for it so thank you for welcoming me my team and be in a part of your life thank you hand I mean in the words I appreciate the kind words because it's been a hell of a ride and everyone knows you're such a great person but it's really good to be able to reconnect and be able to do it with less stress because you've already been winning it life and being able to do the things like we did today which is going in there and kill it in the gym talk about all times I talk about what's about to come yeah so thank you so much I appreciate it brother appreciate you honey rambud Seth Farosi and that's the truth