All right guys, so we are here for the final leg workout before we leave for Vegas. Very stressful time because there's storms coming into Florida. I know Derek's jammed up over there right now. Do not know if he was able to catch his flight. I know he got pushed back, but we got another hurricane that's gonna be hitting right at Tampa. So again, that looks like it might even go to a higher category. Very stressful for him. Seabumps on his way to Vegas right now. He should be landing any minute now hopefully. And then we are leaving tonight. So hopefully we do not have any delays. But we do have the last leg workout. Yesterday, we sometimes we do our labor workouts on Saturday, we actually had to rest hotty just because he was just absolutely trashed from the week. So what we're doing now is got him rested up and got some good meals in him. He's relaxed, slept a lot. I think he slept like 10 hours last night, just because of the exhaustion of the prep catching up. He felt like it was like two days out because when you get really tired and you start eating and then you start to get like a really, really tired from all the extra food, but it was good because he really, really needed the rest. So guys, pro tip for you. If you're a week out, you've got to make sure that you're doing that last leg workout. Do not go crazy, do not try to break records, but make sure you get that mind muscle connection, time under tension, and work on the weakest body part when it comes to either your quad or your hamstring. So just because it's quad dominant knee, does not mean do not do hamstrings. Today, we're gonna do a little bit of hamstrings as well, but because we really need to be able to focus on his quads, it's really push all of that extra food in there. What we're gonna do is we're gonna really focus on being able to get time under tension and not to go too crazy. How's it? Oh, that's it. Let's see this. All right, so we are hitting up the RTD for those of you that don't know, we are launching the RTD this week, the pre-lunch. So for you, those of you that want to get first dibs on trying the E-Vage and Extreme AQRTD, it's gonna be available at the $150 purchase level this week on a pre-release. That's right, it's not gonna be for sale. It's for all those loyal customers that are going up into that second tier, that $150 spend. They're gonna get one complimentary one because it's not for sale yet. This is just the initial run that we're throwing in right on the get. And so again, after that, there's gonna be an actual release where you can purchase them and you're gonna be able to see them at your local gyms as well as distribution at Centers for E-Vage in that our E-Vage only retailers around the world. But right now, RTD time, it hits hard, it hits fast. It's almost like having three products in one. So, took all the best parts of 3D Extreme as well as AQ, put it all into a bottle that tastes delicious and will release launch flavor is tropic splash. So, again, mixing flavor of pineapple orange, little bit of cherry tastes really, really good. And I'm so excited because we had never done an RTD yet. So, our first one and I'm excited for you guys to try it. So, when you do try it, comment below. Let me know what you think. Alright, guys. So, I'm gonna go ahead and give you another tip. You don't want his warming up. So, another pro tip for you. You notice that I'm touching the muscle when they're extending their legs. Why do I do that? Well, my muscle connection, especially because sometimes they have one leg that's dominant over the other, so they can be able to push, generate even more force at the very top of the contraction. But also, you can also feel how full the leg is when you're carving somebody up. So, when you're doing your routine and you're trying to understand whether or not you're full or not, especially during that last week during peak week or the last leg workout, second to the last leg workout, you can actually feel the muscle of your client or yourself if you're training and you can be able to feel where you are in terms of overall muscle fullness. So, that way as you're glycogen loading, your carb loading, what's gonna happen is you're gonna get a lot more detail versus if your legs are flat. But again, having that sensory feeling that leg and feeling with the contraction is actually, if it's your hitting hard or not with that leg fullness is going to be not just something you feel but you're gonna also get that tactile touch. And that's gonna make a big difference on how full you get because you're gonna actually notice the difference between it being a softer muscle and being depleted versus a fuller muscle and a harder muscle. So, you notice this toes pointing in slightly because we wanna get that outer sweep. This will return to focus on right now. See that outer sweep to fire. You went out for a walk yesterday on his own. Didn't have his phone or anything. We're worried he's gonna get lost. He had a headband and everything else. Imagine him not gonna get your door. You need to use your phone. What do I do? It's strong. It's very warm? So long. Sit up. Good. Really good contractions. Got slimed down a little bit. He's used to going fast, especially when I'm not around. You see all his videos, he goes crazy. But you got to slow down, especially the eccentric. And we're not going crazy heavy. We're just trying to get that really good pump. All right, so what we're doing now is the Pinata 45 degree lake press. We've locked it in, so you're not doing one lake at a time. I so we're doing the lock position and we're working on just making sure that we're stimulating. Again, we're not going to go crazy heavy. We are going to go a little heavier, but not crazy and not so weight. Just really good time under tension. Good. Good. 13. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. All right, so what we're doing right now is the Pinata super squat. Really good depth gives you that feeling of doing a squat, whether it's on a freeway, or on a Smith machine. But does not put as much pressure on your knees feels really good. We're going to get to really just that parallel and then right back up again. So once again, not crazy, not trying to break records right now, but trying to get that mind muscle connection, especially as a glutes kick in as you come all the way down and then you're driving up. 6. 7. All right, guys. So many of you here may not know that a lot of bodybuilders out there really focus on not doing legs the week before and they don't know why they just have a coach that told them you do not do legs the week of the show. Well, the reason for that was that years and years ago, we realized that when you train too close to the show, your legs just get too inflamed. So that's why you start to be able to peel back the days. It could be four days, five days, six days or up to seven days depending on your recovery. That's why you don't want to overdo the legs because you do not want to end up on stage with really full legs without any cuts. So that's why you don't do legs a couple of days before the show and you tend to wait four or five days of pure rest before you end up getting on stage. 2. 3. Yeah. So one thing, still a bit light for them, so we are going to go over and do Smith machine squats, but one of the things I do want to remind you of is, for those of you that are wondering why bodybuilders do not do legs too close to the show, for those that don't know it's because of swelling. You don't want to make sure that you have enough time to recover and your legs dry out before the show. That's why you don't do legs two or three days out before because if you end up getting on that stage, your legs may look fuller, but you're going to lose a lot of those fine details that they're looking for and it comes to judgment. So what we're doing now is we're going to do some improvement in the show. So we're going to do some improvement in the show. So we're going to do some improvement in the show. All right, so what we're doing now is we're going to do some reference squats using Smith machine. And I go too crazy, but we're just going to keep that nervous dance so we can get that out of sweet. Oh, shut up. Oh, Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, hey. All right, guys. So we just got done doing a last leg session here in Texas. Now we're going to head to the airport. Actually, go home, grab bags, then head to the airport with the crew and meet everybody in Vegas. So sounds like everybody was able to make their flights earlier. So that's good. Now we just got to make ours. Next up, Elve. All right, guys. We are on our way to Vegas. I spoke to Derek. He's jammed up for hours at the Tampa Airport. He's got a few weather issues now. We can see him that board. So I hope he's in the board any minute now. And we're going to meet him in Vegas. But he's been seeing him jammed up for a while. I guess another hurricane is coming in to Tampa. So let's do this. That's it. Yes, we are going to go. We're going to train hard. We're going to die hard. We're going to go home. It's a bit of superstroy. Yeah. Yeah. We went now. We went champ champ. And we're going to see if there's ever going to come back. And little baby, E.D. She's a superstar. First time in the channel, baby. That's right. Oh. She says, I love you. I love you. I love you. How can we be? I'm going. Like, you used to be cool. Yes. I remember when we were here, just like, stood up. Yeah. That baby older girl. All right. We are now in Las Vegas. Just saw Derek. He's with Jelsen. Baby, E.D. Trevor is crew. And now we're all heading to the hotel. And what's going to happen now is. We are going to get everything dropped off. And then I'm going to go head to the store, pick up some supplies, and get ready for work out. Number one in Vegas for tomorrow. So, we're going to go ahead and spread out Mr. Seabumb, Mr. Chopon, and Mr. Champ Dirk Lundsford. And what we're going to do is make sure that we do not train too late tomorrow. So, chicken on where we're going to train here in Vegas. But I will tell you right now people will not be in one of the major places that's going to be a destination gym because that's going to be a shift show. But happy to be here.