Welcome to the Truth Podcast. I'm your host, Hania Rambad, and I'm here with the runner-up of the Arnold Classic Logan Franklin. The men's physique division was put on notice just a couple weeks ago with the Arnold Classic Logan, how you feeling, brother? Oh, feel great. It's a phenomenal feeling coming from such a successful weekend after so many so many speed bumps. But yeah, I mean, it's indescribable. It's like you gratifying doing of accomplishment whenever you finally get that validation or confirmation of belief, you know? Absolutely, man. I mean, look, you've been around God, when did you turn pro? You've turned pro a lot quite a while ago, right? Yes, sir. So my journey first started in 2014, did my very first show, won that show in the NPC, and then four weeks later went to NPC national championships and won the overall in-mins physique. So board shorts, whenever I was 23 years old, long time ago, I weighed 179 pounds at national's. And yeah, here we are today. So and I think you wanted to Logan, did you do one of my shows back in the day in Northern California? Did you do like the Sacramento, I think, in men's physique? Was it the, it was the governor's top? Never a top. That's right. That's right. That was in men's physique, right? Yes, sir. So that was my project, you. And I got second place. There's a pretty close decision. I feel, but you know, men's physique is kind of hard to judge the physique and all of its attributes. Quality that it can be displayed in. So here. Yeah. I remember you looked amazing. Who was the runner-up edging you out for that show? German by the name, well, his Instagram handles obey the bolts. Oh, all right. James first. James, I remember him by obey the bolts. His name is James first. So yep. And James, James, James is really good. He had the lightning bolts, right? He had the lightning that too. Yeah. He had the lightning bolts that too. And obey the bolt. And that's why he had that. But he was, yeah, he was definitely a force to be reckoned with. And I remember when I first saw you, I was like, wow, this Logan guy man is no joke. That's it. And then from there, I know you did a stint in the army, right? Yes. Well, I, I, I served five years active duty right out of high school. So graduate at high school, the very next month I was shipped off to the base of training. The base of training. Yeah, I see it was like 24 weeks total. And then went through the real army. December 2014 served fourth-in-petuit division in Fort Carson. Second brigade was out there until I, I was out there until sometime 2011, I can't remember the day that I deployed, but we went to Afghanistan in 2011. I think it was like, maybe August, so 2011. And then return home, basically, it made, it made 26 of 2012 was whenever I came home from Afghanistan. And then did a couple more years in the army and wound up getting out and starting this journey, this direction. So, wow, a lot of it's a long origin story. Yeah, well, first of all, thank you for your service. I mean, you know, you know, we wouldn't be free without guys like you willing to put your life out on the line. So, so thank you for that. That's, you know, to be able to go do that, we're all appreciative of you, as well as our, all of our armed forces guys that go out there and protect our country and protect our freedom. So, thank you for that. And I want to also say, you, when you were in the army, were you already training and you were kind of into it or did you just switch over into it right after the army? So, my time in service, my mindset and focus was never to be a bodybuilder. It was never, I want to get out of the army and compete and step on stage, become this massive figure. It was just to be as lethal as I could, you know. So, training the gym, I was in the gym five, six days a week, but it wasn't necessarily like I said to build muscle in terms of stepping on stage. It was just to have a, you know, more capable body, you know, stronger, bigger, faster, stronger that whole mindset and to be lethal. You know, all that's all that's my, that was my mindset from 18 years old to 23. And, you know, I, I managed to develop the physique that I had at that time to be able to earn a pro-card, post status and the I-FBB. And that was really where it began, you know, I knew nothing about the I-FBB and competing. I wasn't, I wasn't one of those guys that was involved in the shows as a kid, you know, their parents competed and my dad worked out and I had uncles that trained and all these things and, but I was never around it, you know, I never had that, that vision of competing, you know, so early on. I was kind of lost and the military helped give me direction and, and, you know, it helped me get on the right path in life. So, yeah. So, in the military, that really wasn't my mindset because, like I said, I wasn't around it. I didn't, I didn't know anything about it or anyone involved in it. And I went to the 2000, 14 Mr. Olympia because I was, I was there, I was going to do photo shoots with some, with some photographers and I still had not even said about the stage for the very first time, but at that Mr. Olympia, I saw the minced physique guys and I was about, you know, generally the same muscularity as them and I felt, I mean, I'm a very competitive individual. So, sure. There's a matter, it doesn't matter what it is if it's bodybuilding or baseball football, race motorcross, MMA doesn't matter if it's playing cards or whatever, you know, I want to, I want to do everything I can to win, you know, fairly, right? And, yeah. So, I saw those guys, something on stage and then and I just felt that I could be competitive with them and it gave me a weird kind of motivation to try it. I was a first year. That was the first year, I think Jeremy won, right? Was it year or was there? Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. That was the very first year of Jeremy won. So, I watched Jeremy chase him post-since that he had the big, Steve Cook was up there. Yeah, Steve Cook. All the OGs, you know, the guys that really kicked it off the pioneers of the minced physique division, you know, I saw these guys and, and, yeah, I guess I got that spark and never looked back. I got more, I got more sucked in the more that I tried to do good because I guess I guess you could say my starting out, I got to be really quick, because I mean, four weeks into a pro status, weighing an overall at a national championships is pretty, pretty cool. And honestly, at the time, I didn't even realize, I guess how big of a deal it was to win the overall that show. If you were asking me, you realize what you did and I was just like, no, I won, I guess, you know, I'm a pro current. And so, yeah, that's how green I was. And when you got, when you did that, your base in Texas, because right now you're like, what in spring, you're like, it's pretty good. Yeah, North Houston. And does that where you grew up? Yes, yes, so I'm a Texas man, you know, but here since I was born in Minnesota, my family relocated to Texas before I even turned one. Okay. And I grew up here from that point until I joined the military and then I had my, you know, my travel with the army. And whenever I got out of the military came back home, here we are, 30 years in Texas. That's awesome. Well, we love it here too. I mean, you've been here for 30, you've been here for 30, we've been here for three. And we love it. So I love you here. Yeah, brother. It's been, it's been a great ride. When you came in and you started competing, did you feel like you were ever going to leave the men's physique class or how did that end up going to classic? What ended up happening with you on that thought process? So classic physique started in, I think it was 2016. And whenever it came, I remember seeing the physique that first and I just, I didn't really, I didn't really make me want to just jump into the division the very first year. However, I guess it meant to see people said I had legs. So I could, I could cross over. He's got legs, he took it out. So, you know, that got put into the back of my head at about, you know, 2016, 17 range whenever it first got introduced into the IFBB. But it didn't, it took until about mid to later 2017 for me to really see that that was my direction and that I was eventually going to cross that way. Just because, you know, every time I was in the gym and I would take pictures or send photos updates to my coach at the time or any coach that I've had since then. I mean, obviously now, I'm in, I'm in classic. But at that time, especially, I was doing poses. I was, I was trying to hit poses front double-byes, I just just to see how I looked. And, you know, I started seeing doing that. I started seeing similarities between, you know, I hate to say because it sounds like I'm too much more and but, you know, really great, you know, like, similar but new. I started seeing qualities of, you know, lines and similarities between lines and shapes of things and how, how the body is starting to develop and the proportion starting to fill out. So, you know, I just, in that, in that moment, I said, you know what, I'm just going to, I'm going to chase this type of look, the completed look, the ultimate proportionate, every muscle develop, but nothing, nothing overpowering and try to have this old school flow. And I just really started trying to I, I speak areas from that point on to develop this proportion and this quality that I see in these pictures, these epic photos of these guys, Sean Ray's, Flex Wheeler's Kevin LeVre, all these guys whenever they, they just, they, they got their physique to that perfect size of proportion before they got too big, but they were just like, right, you know, everything was completed and, and I, the more I studied those shapes and started applying the knowledge that I knew and, and developing more knowledge and understanding of my physique, I, I just realized, wow, I, I really like to do this and, you know, I got more and more passionate about it and, yeah, it just, like I said, it sucked me in further and further and until the point where I, I said, I didn't going to do this and at that point, you know, it was, I was so, I was so thin that this is where I had to go. So, no, that's great, man, because it sounds like you have, you had an eye for it from the get go. I mean, obviously, you were a bodybuilder in aficionado before you became men's physique and then as you grew at immense physique, you had those grates in mind and I think when you sit down and you look at it and you grew up in that era of of of of the Kevin LeVrones and now all the all the different athletes that you mentioned, what they had is they had a really good balance of size, conditioning, fullness, no major weak body parts, everything was just really flowed and so as you started putting on size, when was your first men's physique show? Class of Physicians, I say. My first classic show. I did the 2019 Tampa Pro, okay. That was the very first show that I crossed over and that's the very first we can have August. My very last men's physique show was the Arnold Classic earlier that year. So I literally went from mince physique and March to a classic debut at the beginning of August. Took no time, didn't, didn't, didn't have like any offseason to grow and put on an incredible amount of size. I weighed 203 pounds at the time that I transitioned. So I wasn't one of the guys that completely, you know, starts to blur the lines from mince physique to classic before I'm like, okay, I'm competitive enough here and now I can go over here and no, I said, screw it. I'm going to try this whole artistic look and see how well I can do and I'm going to put it all in the line, you know. I want to I want to try to have the better physique rather than just the bigger physique, you know. I always had this this idea of bigger doesn't always mean better, you know, especially if you're generally the same size, maybe, you know, maybe one person could be slightly bigger but if you have a better physique, you know, you chase a better physique in the quality physique and that was my idea so it didn't matter of the weight. So that's why I just went and instantly crossed over. I wanted to see what I was capable of and and a place third at that show. Yeah, that's really good for your first time brother, like, it's, you know, to be able to go in the same season from mince physique, did you, how much weight did you gain from the Arnold and where did you place at the Arnold in mince physique that year in 19? A place third or fourth, I can't remember. Okay, so you're in the top five and then you're like, even though you're in the top five, which is in the hunt, you're just like, hey, I want to just, did you feel like I just want to go bigger or I just feel like I'm complete. Let me show it. I felt that I wasn't really placing where I wanted to play, I mean, everyone always do as they don't place where they want to place when they're placing high, right? But at that time, especially I felt that I was getting beaten by physique that didn't necessarily have the same look. Like if we were to strip everything down and start posing, I felt that I would, you know, surpass these guys, but it was mince physique. So you only have, you know, front and back shops. So you're very, very limited. And I wanted to eliminate that, that, you know, you're only have two poses and have a better opportunity to show my physique and have more chances to show that I can be victorious or I am the winner over just, hey, I'm going to stand here with my front abs and I'm going to turn around and just show my back, right? Right? It didn't seem as fun. It felt like I wasn't, I wasn't progressing anymore in the ranks. And I started to, I started to kind of fade and I was losing, I was losing, passion four men's physique very quickly because I started to feel dumb as well. I mean, I was, I only weighed 200 and three pounds. I'm, I'm six foot, you know, I get, I get measured a hair under six foot, but, you know, I'm six foot. And so 200, three pounds is not very big, you know, everyone called me stringy and skinny and right. And so I, yeah, that's hard Logan because you're right. Some physiques, you don't see the full potential until they squeeze their chest until they do a back to bullby sap. They hit a front double bicep side chest. And then, but they look really, really good from the front and the back when you're not really posing, even though those are two poses in men's physique, they're not really hitting the muscular, it's not, you know, muscular in nature. So you're not able to really show the roundness, the depth of the physique, the depth of the muscles, the separation of the muscles. You just have your hand on your hip. And then, you know, sometimes you're doing a little bit of movement through your arms, you squeeze a little bit of your chest, you twist slightly and then you're blowing out, you're showing your abs and then it's right to the back, right? And now you're thinking, wait a minute, I'm not, I like to pose. I want to get into the mirror. I like what I see when I pose, but I don't get to show any of that because I'm in a division that doesn't allow you to hitting any of those poses. So that must have been pretty frustrating. Yeah, very limited, very limited and, you know, I was working extremely hard to have this balance within my physique because I was chasing the physique that I saw, like I said, some mirror, Lea LaVra, these guys that they were not, they were not so big that you're going on, don't ever want to look like a refrigerator, you know, but their bodies were so beautiful and completely and the quality was fantastic, you know, separation, striations and every single muscle lines from insertion to connection, you know, everything, it made you go, wow. And it was artistic, the bodies flowed, they're posing and that's what I was like, I got to look like that. So I'd strained like that and, you know, so I'd strained my legs hard and I trained my full physique but these guys and mince physique, they would not do so much on their lower bodies, you know, and, you know, board shorts down to their knees at the time, especially. And I'm feeling my shorts out. A couple of the guys like Jeremy, you coach Jeremy, you just worked with Phil, you know, so there's very few of us that actually trained the full physique. And then I started getting past up by guys that were just developing so much muscularity of top and I could have keep up with it because I was growing at a slower rate chasing the quality over the over just your quantity. Well, that's of certain areas. Yeah, right. So when you're doing that, where was your weight now? Now you fast forward, you play second at this year's Arnold, you look absolutely fantastic, you and Patrick did an amazing job. And again, everybody knew for many years, many years, even back when when you competed at the governor's cup, that there was potential there, I'm sure you went through your ups and downs, right? Like did you have some dark times on that side? I mean, in terms of like wanting to give up, you know, it's been a very bumpy road and, you know, it would have been totally understandable for anybody to just say, excuse me, I'll only be stuck in, you know, right? But you know, I just got, I don't know if I'm, if if I'm just fucking lost in the head or if I was born with it or something or I just can't quit, you know, I can't give up and whenever I truly believe in something, I can't let it go. And that's where I was at the the whole time chasing this dream and I truly felt that I had this potential inside of me, I just haven't been able to nail it and showcase what I have to the fullest of my ability because I can't land on the day and it's taken me such a long time. I've never peaked, but you guys finally, the world finally got to see me peek at the Arnold and it felt so good because of how many shows I've done and and I've been close, I've looked really great, but there's always something off whether there's something, there's some, there's some kind of factor that I that something didn't go right and I stressed myself out, you know, a lot of my career and I put so much pressure on myself and I live with PTSD and that doesn't help and I don't get the greatest sleep all the time so that doesn't help. I, you know, I've had issues with with home life stuff that I have allowed to affect my mind so there's been a lot of things that have that have made it difficult for me to really just lock it in and, you know, be at peace and and not stress myself out and just so allow myself to go with the flow and relax the body, relax your mind and to nail it on the day, you know? Yeah. And then I started getting to the point where I would, I would miss my peak so many times that, you know, people stop believing to me and that doesn't necessarily, I don't need people to believe me because obviously I kept believing in myself but then whenever you're going through it, you got to go, oh shit, you know, people, these, these guys are coming in but you know, I was here but now I'm fading, what do I got to do? How do I get better? Am I going to mess my peak up again? Am I going to land the plane? You know, you have all these questions that go through your mind and like what am I doing wrong? Is it my physique? Is it, is it, is it my timing? So all of these questions I had to answer in and over the years I've just, you know, I guess figured it out one little thing at a time and and, you know, finally, well, there's so much more to the story of, I've worked with a few different coaches and and then I worked on my own, I went about two years self-coaching the last two years and then in the last year, a year ago, I contacted Patrick Tuer and I explained to him everything that was going on and you know, he told me that he would be very excited to work with me and I told him I was excited, I would be to work with him even though I was so set on just, you know, I'm just going to self-prep because of things that have happened in my past, you know, things that have happened, tried in the time and peak and and there's a lot but we got together and I managed to, you know, just we, we connected, you know, he's a really calm guy, he is very intelligent, very meticulous on what he wants to have done, very, the plans very basic, you know, like just back to the basics, you know, the trick in the rise, the oils, the, you know, nothing, nothing extravagant, know, even if it's your macros, you have this freedom to go do whatever. I've done all the diets, you know, I've done everything but just getting back to the basics of, hey, let me just write this down and you just stick to this and just listen, took out the stress from me having a guess of, okay, well, you know, I get a hundred grams of carbs, this meal, what all I want to eat, all I want to have rice, potatoes, all I want to eat with a bagel, whatever, you know, and just, I eliminate a lot of things. Patrick Ture, you know, he, let me just say he got me back on track, he got my mind to just calm down in. This year, it was so different because I, you know, my son is a little older now and and it's much easier to be able to balance the whole body building life and dad, life, family life and be able to give my efforts towards body building without taking so much energy away from my family because that's what I refuse to do. It's take more energy from that. Even though I want this so bad, you know, it's okay, five, right, you're sons five. He turns five me first. Nice, nice. Yeah. And so that was another thing, you know, trying to the last five years, trying to understand, okay, how can I go about not giving you up on my dream and still being the best dad that I can be, being the best husband that I can't create, creating this atmosphere at home to where I can still taste my dream and it not destroy what I've got going on over here and that's what I refuse to do. So the last four, well, up until this point now, you know, like I said, it's going to be easier, but the first few years, it was just very difficult, you know, trying to try to balance all of that. We didn't have any help, you know, grandparents around, no family, no friends, we're just here. And my wife and I, I think, God, she's so amazing and she understands this life. She competed as well. So she understands what I have to give in order to, in order to have this product that is expected to, you know, do well or to be great or whatever, you know. So, I mean, if she wasn't so understanding and so great, then there's no way I would have been able to continue this. So a big, a big part of it, the big piece of it is, is her, keeping us all just strong and me being able to say focused as much as I can while still, you know, trying to keep the home atmosphere right, you know. So a lot of, a lot of learning lessons and a lot of a lot of opportunities for me to grow, you know, not just as a competitor, but most importantly as a dad, you know, as a husband, as a man, you know, things that I have to actually take care of and, but like I said, still still chasing that dream because it's so important, you know, there's so many, there's so many parents, not just dads, but moms who, you know, they have kids and then what could have been will never be because they just fucking give up, you know, and they don't, they, they, they get caught up and how difficult it really is, you know, having a good, a good home life and being a good dad or being a good mom and, and, you know, it's just so important to me, it's so important to me to have that and to keep that because I don't want to get to the end of this career and no matter how well I do, you know, have regrets of, well, I should have done it differently with my family here because that's going to be forever, you know, and that's going to be part of my, you know, part of my legacy is just to show that I, that you can still chase the dream and still have a, you still have a good family life and you just got to hold on, you know, you just got to write out the storm and that's what I did, you know, I kept going as much as I could, I did the best that I could, you know, I kept hitting wall after wall, you know, but every time I said, this is not it and I would give it another attempt. And here we are, you know, it's just how it was raised, my dad raised me, you know, I'm sure so many people out there, you know, you did knock down, you stand up, you stand up every time, you did knock down nine times, stand up 10, it's just one of those qualities that, you know, was beaten in to me and then the military and all these experiences in between, you know, has led me to just having that, just that undying quality, you know, and, you know, and, man, I'm just grateful that I never quit, I'm grateful that I never gave up and then I kept going, but still, I did it the way that I needed to by taking care of my family because my family, it worked great, you know, at least that's how I feel. And then the bodybuilding stuff, my career is starting to finally pick up again, you know, I didn't sacrifice one just to have a little bit of a little bit of awesomeness over here. I have, I have the love and the support of my family and my son is, my son is he's involved two with things and he just excited and I'm, you know, it's hard to explain, I guess, but no, it's special bro, you know, it's not, it's not that hard. I think people that are listening to this, a lot of them see my family, right? My son's now 11, he's doing backstage interviews at the Olympia, right? When the guys, my guys that I was coaching was on stage, you know, he's emotionally attached to him, you know, and, you know, running back with all the guys and taking photos afterwards and just, you know, watching everybody and it's just, it's, it's, and you, you're having a partner who has done it makes such a huge difference. Not all partners have to do it, but they have to be a backbone because if you don't have a partner that's a backbone, you're never going to be able to be anywhere close to where you are now, period, and especially in this because as much as people think that you're the alone and you're the product of what's on that stage, it's not. It's the village that you built around you, it's the team that you built around you that got you there. And I think it sounds to me like between your wife having the ability to give you such great positive, you know, reinforcement and that that entrenched ability for you to never to give up and then having the ability to have your family life, but also have your career too. She's allowing you to do that because you have to be able to step away and not stress and make sure that she's got the house in order when she needs to to do her job and you have to be able to do your job. That's why it's such a complimentary thing when you have a great partner and that goes for a guy that competes or a woman that competes the other way around. And I think all of those things are part of the chemistry that is starting to come together for you and then being able to reduce your stress because again, people have stress in their life at different levels, but you also talking about your PTSD, right, having to deal with that. Do you feel like you've got a bit better at that with this prep too with just being able to control that a bit better? Yeah, I've managed to, well, it's not just this prep, but over time, over the years, you know, just getting better and better and how to manage things and how to manage if I get short with something or if something sets me off. But what we affect that more is whenever, if something, if I would allow something else to keep me on edge with, you know, my personal life, my family life, you know, things outside of my immediate family, not my family in my household, but family outside of this building, you know, outside of my house. Yeah, a lot of issues there with things, but that would make it worse, you know, if you keep your on edge from something and you're ready to be set off, PTSD is not going to help, you know, and so, you know, it's got to the point in 2025, I finally said, you know what, I'm done, I'm done with all these, with these certain individuals that are sending me on emotional roller coasters and love bombing me and, and, yeah, you know, once I once I made that decision to, you know, let go of those people, I was able to just really stay calm, not have not have those up and down emotional up and down roller coasters that are constantly going through with these people, yeah, the I think these people, but it's really like one person, unfortunately, but it's hard to talk about, I'm saying this isn't a podcast, people, but it was wrong with this guy, you know, I think I think it really is there, you know, yeah, I mean, there's stuff there and, and believe me, you're not alone, man, everybody goes to it. I mean, even social media, right? Even social media can create triggers, because now all of a sudden, somebody you may be competing against shows this amazing picture in the bathroom with a magic light, right? You know, with a roll up door and they come around and you're like, oh, shit, this guy looks like he's 20 pounds bigger than me and we're the same height or this guy looks like he's 20% harder than I am and we're, you know, a couple weeks out, you know, whatever it is, and then it starts to trigger and your mind kind of goes nuts and a lot of people do that, whether you compete or not, social media creates anxiety, right? Because it's everybody's highlight real, did you cut that back? Was that something that you cut back or cut out or how did you handle the social media aspect of the roller coaster? So I hear you're saying with the looking at other competitors, but somehow I'm, I'm interested not really allow looking at other competitors to bother me because I understand what you just said in the highlight real people, you'll think, you'll take a hundred photos and pick the very best one and then a lot of these guys will go and they'll, they'll sharpen things and they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll super HDR stuff and I don't do that. I just, I take it and whatever lighting I post it, if it's the free time of the night posted, but I pulled back from social media just because social media is just so freaking toxic and it's not, it's not like I said, looking at competitors that will make things, I do go up, it's reading the comments of little trolls or people that don't understand what we're doing and that are just there to be haters, you know, people that are just absolutely unhappy with themselves or whatever they've got going on and I think that is what bothers me the most and you know, I'm already introverted as it is, you know, so it's like, you know, developing a following and then you're introverted and then I have all these people here, you're exposing yourself to and, you know, then they have whatever they want to say and they stay whatever. I've never gone into someone's page and just like start a straight, talk and shit, you know, I've never told them that I want to do that. So like, so my, my straight is like, I want to just see these people person would never say this to my face, I would destroy this person, you know, and so curious to go, it has happened multiple times, even other competitors that tried to to create some kind of controversy kind of like, with me and then they'll see me, they'll see me in person and they'll just be like, it looks the other way, I don't understand what it is, I mean, you keep the same energy in person, keep it offline, you know, but the different, like, in front of them, Logan, did you ever, again, like, to the point where you had to like, there's been multiple times, you know, I don't know if we want to talk all the way back, but there's been situations over the last 11 years I've gotten into with some some other competitors, but yeah, it's, it's really just the toxicity of social media, like I said, that pulled me away and I still post, I do what I need to for, you know, endorsements that I have to make the obligations, but outside of that, I prefer to just be off the grid, you know, I feel so much better, I feel so much better and, and yeah, it's just, it makes you go damn, I can't imagine what it would have been like in the 90s or early 2000s or anything before that where, where, you know, guys like myself that are chasing this dream could just really focus and not have this constant, this constant app that allows fans to interact with you on a day-to-day basis and, and, you know, I say that, but I don't want to make it sound like, I don't want fans to be able to interact because it's such a great thing as well, you know, being able to have social media and, and people that would be able to follow you, it's amazing, and being able to reach, you know, incredible amounts of people and inspire those, but, you know, like I said, there's just that toxic side of it that makes you just want to say, you know what I'm off of the sound right now. Yeah, there's boundaries that have to be limited to in terms of like what people say and think because there's never been this kind of worldwide access like there is now because of social media, you're right back in the 80s, 90s, it was magazines in the early 2000s, it was message boards, and now you have social media. So, you know, it was definitely much more focused back then because you wouldn't even see the results or the pictures of the shows until three months after the show and then you'd see Dorianni H1 and whoever else was going on, you know, Lihani, any of those types of big-name figures, you wouldn't be able to criticize them in open public and then especially you wouldn't be able to see the comments, you don't have 11 judges anymore, you have 7 million, 10 million, 30 million online that are all going into the different message boards and someone takes one picture and says, this guy should have won or you don't look good or whatever happened. So, it is a bit of a mind-fuck, right, at the end of the day, you have to try to kind of filter that out and it's tough, but it sounds to me like you've got your house in order right now, you came in, you peaked, it looked absolutely tremendous, I think, you know, again, and you're always a dark horse, but that you're now no longer the dark horse, now all of a sudden you're the guy that came in and said, hey man, I'm going to push Mike, I think you did, I think Mike looked great, I think, but again, he came, he came with a great structure, you came in with amazing conditioning, you have that three-dimensional pop, you had a great amount of separation and it was funny because I was at breakfast with Seabum and he saw some pictures and he showed me pictures of you and this was before, this is before pre-juggling and he had posted and he goes, wow, he looks like it was you're in your kitchen or something, I don't know, it was when you're a man being, okay, and then he's like, hey, check it out and I was like, wow, let's see if it shows up on stage like that, because I've seen pictures of you in the past and I go, you know, again, let's see what that looks like on stage and then it finally came to fruition, right? I finally, and like I said, Chris and I were just talking about it in the breakfast because we went to breakfast the first day of the Arnoldy Texas meeting, I was like, let's go to breakfast and I said, okay, and then when he pulled out the pictures and he was just like he was going on social and he saw something and then he wanted me to look at it and so I saw it and now I was like, this is great and and then so then I started to get really because again, I was like, okay, can't wait to see him on stage, I saw the pictures that Chris showed me and now it's like exciting because you got Mike who was really kind of like the guy, right? He was like, he was the guy and then Wesley was a question mark and then unfortunately, Wesley just, you know, I heard he got sick a couple of things he was here on the podcast about a month out from the show, we had him on the podcast and he was tracking really well but I heard that he did have some things go sideways when he got there and I believe he got sick but I do believe that he still needs to work on his legs and some other things but then you just had to just basically nail it and then you got Mike who has amazing shape and now all of a sudden you're like, okay, you got this guy that's a crazy crazy shape guy which is Mike, he's got really round muscle abilities but then you kind of have a hybrid and then you have amazing conditioning came in dead on and then I'm just like, okay, cool, now it's a show, right? So now now it's a show. So I was like, wow, this is really good and then running off the top five guys like Matt look great, I saw Matt look great but it was one of those things where you know, I know Matt was expected to look great, Matt was expected to be up there, you know, obviously Mike was expected to be there after the Olympia but it was you that was the unexpected one that and that's why with everybody asking, hey, man, let's get Logan on here, let's see how he's feeling, let's see what he's doing. So what are you doing next, man? What's next for you? Well, next for me, honestly, I'm not too sure right now, because you still have to qualify, right? You still have to qualify, right? Yes, sir. Yes, so I'm definitely going to be figuring out which show that is going to be but right now it's nothing within the next month or so. I need to take a step back and just go, okay, breather family boom, then I'm going to go in. Okay, that's just what I got to do and you know, I have to do this way because I'm not a guy that's that can just give it all to the sport and just go so, so, so, and not worry about, you know, being here for anyone, you know, so, because you've got Pittsburgh, you've got Pittsburgh possibly, right? You have New York pro. Those are two amazing shows. Great shows, but I can't do them because my son's birthday, may first Pittsburgh's May 3rd. My wife's birthday is May 9th. New York is May something is right after my wife's birthday, so it's just I, it's almost like I refuse to be in that position on their birthday. You know, I want to, I want to do something with them for them, you know, and then, you know, I'll come back and do you think maybe like in June, do you think it'll probably be, it'll probably be in October, October. We're thinking a later show, okay, later show, but try to qualify again for this year's Olympia though. Oh no, don't, we're definitely going to qualify and we're definitely going to be at the Olympia. Awesome. It's just right now, I want to, I want to just go through a health, make sure that I'm healthy, which I am, I just got my blood worked back, everything was great. Everything was great. So just kind of taper things back, you know, go back to the drawing board to see how I can, I can improve in the short amount of time that I have, and come back and try to show the very best version of myself once again. Yeah, well, again, you guys did a stellar, stellar job and it sounds to me, you know, combination of stress management, making sure that everything else is on point balancing out the family and everything else. And, you know, did you change anything on your training? Was there anything on your training that you changed? Training, my training is just constantly developing to where I'm, I'm discovering my body more and more as I go, you know, I feel more areas of my physique, the more that I train and, so just the change would just be the connection to my body more. Am I in my second? Yeah, better connection with myself and just, you know, working more on my, on my lagging areas at home, I have a home gym and my garage, so okay, I do touch up some my garage quite often, I work on like small muscles, you know, detail work, you know, or if I have something that that I really want to bring up, say something in my upper back or my last, so, you know, I can, I can hyper focus on that area and really manage, really get it to to develop or break it down further after a workout or so, you understand? Yeah, yeah, and I, and I, and I, and I see it because I see the GT3 in the background, you know, yeah, which I, I just walked through, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just took mine out for the first time in a couple of months because I've been in driving mine. I'm like, oh, I'm, I'm going to start up as I can start up. Oh, man, you have a Porsche as well? I have a GT3 touring. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the touring is well. Yeah, touring manual. It's a manual touring with the the race bucket seats. So, oh, yeah, yeah, you think you're doing it together? No, it's, it's, it's stock, but it's just perfect for me. I don't, you know, I've had, I had a lot of Porsche's in the past, but this is my favorite, I've had faster cars, you know, Porsche's that were really fast that I tracked, but this is something where for the street, it's great because it's a manual too, and I love driving the manual on street, because it makes you feel like you're going faster than you are. Right. And it's got, and I was able to spec it out where it's the O-Green metallic with the, with the gold wheels. So, it's, yeah, yeah, and yours is probably purple, right? Yes, it's, it's, the name is Frozen Amethyst titanium. It's beautiful. So, it goes purple to blue in different lighting, and a little bit of pink shade. You, you have to see it, it's different between right in the middle of the daytime compared to, uh, sunset hour or if there's overcast. Oh, the color is a dick. Yeah, Chris has got one now too. Chris has got to, yeah, he's got a, he's got a, a winged car that's a manual as well. As you're of manual or as you're, no, I got a PDK. PDK. So, not yet. Now, you don't have to worry about traffic. Yeah, there's a lot of traffic out here. I drove manuals for a very long time, and I actually was buying a manual in the GT3. Before this one, I was, I was working to deal with the dealer, and I was trying to get him to come down a little bit. And I think it was like four days later of me just waiting to see what he would respond. He, he has to be back up. He was like, hey, yes, so a buddy of mine at this dealer. He, the dealer that, he works at put in a, uh, a down payment on the car. Oh. And I thought he was pulling my leg. I thought he was just trying to, you know, have owe me a little bit to try to give me to just pay that price. When he ended up being the case that he actually wouldn't bought the car. And so I was like, hey, okay, so I look for the, the next one that was in the same price range. And it was a PDK. And I said, you know what, I want this car so about I don't even care if it's a manual PDK. It's going to be sick. I'm going to love it. And I do. I love it. It's the best car ever. Porsche. I love it. Yeah, they'd be good. Beat the crap out of them in terms of the rate about ice to track mine all the time. And all the other cars, you know, I, you know, GTRs and this and that. I think I did. Yeah, GTR, yeah, GTR, but I would overheat my GTR transmission at Laguna Saka after about five or six laps, especially if I wasn't super hard or if it was a little bit warmer day. And we didn't have the Texas weather. It was California warm day would be like 75 80, well, about 80 degrees, 82 degrees. And then fifth, six, seventh or lap. And then all of a sudden I get a, I get out transmission heat warning and I got a cool, cool, cool, cool it off. And then I'm like, I got to go get a transmission cooler add to it. But my GT4, I loved, and then I used to have a GT2 RS. And that car was super fast, but it was almost too fast for the street. Oh, man. But it was, I get a voucher. That's 82. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But they're, they're great cars. And like you said, they're, they're, they're amazing, amazing cars. You're going to have to drive, drive it up to Dallas one of these days, man. Bring it up. That's a long drive for you, though. It's probably what it's three. Yeah, I'd be sure you're much into driving up there. But it's just, it's going to drive it back. Yeah. For sure. Your back is going to be like, oh, man. That's the option. Totally do it. I could totally do it. I could totally do it. Love every second of it. But then I just think of dang. I'm going to buy new tires soon now. Yeah. That rock is a tire. We go. We're going to worry about rock chips from our chips. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. The road actually does tear up the little sized for areas a lot with those rocks. You know, whatever, you know, I'm keeping the car forever. So I don't care. Yeah. Man, you got to enjoy it. A lot of people make them into garage queens. This way I took mine out the other day. I'm like, I got to, I got to, I got to take it out. I got to take out more of my cars. I got to, I brought several of them from California with me. And I'm like, man, I got to take these out more often. Because I'm, you know, I've been able to car guys since I was a kid. And I think, I'm so great. They're so great. So, I'm digging the drive shifting. You actually should. I just flop in the year. You know, it's fun and I'm sure you get on the paddles though. You're probably going to get over that. I always drive it. I always drive it in the slopshift. So it's fantastic. I've done everything to it that you can do except for like boosting it. But then you lose the soul of the car. You know, it's a DNA car. Yes. You know, I've got, I've got, you know, Doug and headers exhaust. Nice. Let's see. I did a double X frame roll bar, roll cage, multiple tire of grade changes. I've done two different tubes. I did an initial tune. And then now it's on a second tune with E85 tune. So now we're going to be 85. And yeah, it's great. It's fast faster than it would be. But no, the nice thing the nicest thing about that car is actually the fact that it screams, right? Because it does 9,000 RPM. So it just all well. It's almost like riding a bike. You know, if you're riding it. It's so good. It's so sweet. Yeah. And you don't even have to go crazy fast. And I don't even go fast. And you know, I just chill in the right gear. You know, the right, the right tune, the right RPM, and just enjoy it. You know, people would understand unless they drove a Porsche. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's a very special car. But it's one of those things where you got with this big smile in your face. It's like if you're ever depressed, go for a drive. You know, it's all about pre-worked out on the way. It's all about pre-worked out. It's all about pre-worked out. It gets your heart rate going. No, man. Well, you know, Logan, I know you got to go, you got to go train. I just wanted to say thank you. I know this was your first podcast too. And we talked about that before that. So for you guys, again, I'm going to go ahead and put his link down below if you're not following. You're, you get out from under your rock. Follow, Logan. He's, you know, onto get his qualification for the Olympia. And I cannot wait to your next show, man. So hopefully we'll bring you back on as we're getting ready and, and given some people some updates. But I, I appreciate you sharing a little bit of the origin story as well as kind of what you guys did with being able to do stuff. I wouldn't get in some more detail on the next one. But I know you got to go train and thank you so much for your time and coming on the Truth podcast. Yes, sir. Thank you so much for having me. It was really great cutting the shit with you. That's right. Getting to know you a little bit more too. I guess, you know, just from, you know, chatting. Thanks for having me on. And hopefully everyone that watched it. I hope you guys enjoyed it and learned a little bit of something about me. Yes. And so you guys soon. That's it. Honey Rambad, Logan Franklin. And that's the truth.